
                              1 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Pocahontas Times

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 3, 2009

FSA offers loans to farmers

BYLINE: The Pocahontas Times staff

LENGTH: 568  words


Farmers having difficulty obtaining credit from commercial sources in their area
may be eligible to obtain a farm loan from their local Farm Service Agency (FSA)
office. FSA works with its borrowers to identify physical and financial
weaknesses in their farm business that inhibits them from qualifying for
commercial loans by providing supervised credit. The Agency loans require a
minimum of a 100% or greater security margin and can only be approved for those
who demonstrate repayment ability.

Loans available from FSA include direct and guaranteed program loan funds. Both
programs offer loans for the purchase of real estate, known as Farm Ownership
(FO) loans, and operating needs, known as Operating Loans (OL). All direct farm
loans have flexible repayment terms. The maximum that may be borrowed for each
type of direct FSA loan is $300,000.

Guaranteed loans are made through a farmer's local bank FSA may offer up to a
90"% guarantee to the bank foi making a loan to a farmei who does not meet their
commercial lending standards The bank lender processes and services the loan.
The rates and terms of the loan are dependent upon the local lender
requirements. In some cases, interest assistance is available for farm operating
loans guaranteed by FSA Guaranteed FO loan funds may be used for the purchase of
real estate and/or the restructuring of farm debt, Guaranteed farm operating
loans may be used to purchase livestock, equipment and provide capital for other
farm operating needs.

If a farmer does not qualify for a guaranteed loan from their local lender, FSA
has direct loans they may be qualified to receive. Farm Ownership (FO) loans may
be used to purchase real estate and to make significant real estate improvements
to farm buildings and dwellings. Direct FO loans may be financed up to 40 years.
A deed of trust is required.

Direct farm operating loan funds may be used to purchase livestock and
machinery, annual operating needs, and minor real estate improvements (fencing
and building repairs, etc). This type of loan may be financed up to seven years
for uses other than annual operating purposes. Annual operating needs such as
crop expenses and stocker livestock can be financed up to one year. Current
operating loan interest rates for the month of September 2009 is 3.125%. In
certain circumstances, a real estate deed of trust may be required.

The Farm Service Agency also has funds available to rural youth who are members
of 4-H or FFA, in the form of farm operating youth loans. These funds may be
used to purchase stocker or breeding livestock, equipment or other needs for
their 4-H or FFA enterprise completion. Applicants must be between the ages of
10 and 21, have an advisor for their project, and obtain parental consent to
obtain the loan in order to be eligible. A loan limit of $5000 may be financed
up to seven years depending on the project. FSA also offers special funding for
Beginning Farmers and Socially Disadvantaged applicants.

Interested parties should contact their local FSA office or the Greenbrier
County FSA Farm Loan Division at (304)645-6172 ext 2 for more information and an
application packet.

USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer and lender. To file a complaint
of discrimination, write: USDA, Director, Office of Civil Rights, 1400
Independence Avenue, SW, Washington, DC 20250-9410 or call (800)
795-3272(voice), or (202) 720-6382 (TDD)

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PCH

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2009 The Pocahontas Times


                              2 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 18, 2016 Monday

Washington: Direct Loans

LENGTH: 231  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has
issued the following news release:





 FSA offers direct farm ownership and direct farm operating Loans to producers
who want to establish, maintain or strengthen their farm or ranch. FSA loan
officers process, approve and service direct loans.





 Direct farm operating loans can be used to purchase livestock and feed, farm
equipment, fuel, farm chemicals, insurance and other costs including family
living expenses. Operating loans can also be used to finance minor improvements
or repairs to buildings and to refinance some farm-related debts, excluding real
estate.



 Direct farm ownership loans can be used to purchase farmland, enlarge an
existing farm, construct and repair buildings, and to make farm improvements.



 The maximum loan amount for both direct farm ownership and operating loans is
$300,000 and a down payment is not required. Repayment terms vary depending on
the type of loan, collateral and the producer's ability to repay the loan.
Operating loans are normally repaid within seven years and farm ownership loans
are not to exceed 40 years.



 Please contact your local FSA office for more information or to apply for a
direct farm ownership or operating loan.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              3 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 14, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Direct Loans

LENGTH: 230  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has
issued the following news release:





 FSA offers direct farm ownership and direct farm operating Loans to producers
who want to establish, maintain or strengthen their farm or ranch. FSA loan
officers process, approve and service direct loans.





 Direct farm operating loans can be used to purchase livestock and feed, farm
equipment, fuel, farm chemicals, insurance and other costs including family
living expenses. Operating loans can also be used to finance minor improvements
or repairs to buildings and to refinance some farm-related debts, excluding real
estate.



 Direct farm ownership loans can be used to purchase farmland, enlarge an
existing farm, construct and repair buildings, and to make farm improvements.



 The maximum loan amount for both direct farm ownership and operating loans is
$300,000 and a down payment is not required. Repayment terms vary depending on
the type of loan, collateral and the producer's ability to repay the loan.
Operating loans are normally repaid within seven years and farm ownership loans
are not to exceed 40 years.



 Please contact your local FSA office for more information or to apply for a
direct farm ownership or operating loan.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              4 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 13, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Direct Loans

LENGTH: 229  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has
issued the following news release:





 FSA offers direct farm ownership and direct farm operating Loans to producers
who want to establish, maintain or strengthen their farm or ranch. FSA loan
officers process, approve and service direct loans.





 Direct farm operating loans can be used to purchase livestock and feed, farm
equipment, fuel, farm chemicals, insurance and other costs including family
living expenses. Operating loans can also be used to finance minor improvements
or repairs to buildings and to refinance some farm-related debts, excluding real
estate.



 Direct farm ownership loans can be used to purchase farmland, enlarge an
existing farm, construct and repair buildings, and to make farm improvements.



 The maximum loan amount for both direct farm ownership and operating loans is
$300,000 and a down payment is not required. Repayment terms vary depending on
the type of loan, collateral and the producer's ability to repay the loan.
Operating loans are normally repaid within seven years and farm ownership loans
are not to exceed 40 years.



 Please contact your local FSA office for more information or to apply for a
direct farm ownership or operating loan.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              5 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Othello Outlook (Washington)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 25, 2013

Farm Service Agency allocates funds to women and minorities

BYLINE: The Othello Outlook staff

LENGTH: 460  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has a portion of its farm
loan program funds specifically allocated for women and minority producers, Judy
Olson, state executive director, said.

"While FSA farm loans are available to all qualified applicants, by setting
aside funds specifically for women and minorities, it ensures they will receive
a portion of available funds," Olson said.

Loan funds can be used to purchase farms, livestock and equipment. Funds may
also be used to operate the farm, build or repair farm service buildings, pay
for soil and water conservation practices, and in some cases refinance debts.
FSA offers both direct and guaranteed loans.

Farm Service Agency now offers more flexible access to credit through the new
Micro Loan Program. The program is an attractive loan alternative for smaller
farming operations like specialty crop producers and operators of community
supported agriculture, or CSA. Micro loans can be used for all approved
operating expenses as authorized by the FSA Operating Loan (OL) program,
including, but not limited to, initial start up expenses, annual expenses, such
as seed, fertilizer, utilities, and rents, purchase of livestock and-or
equipment, or minor farm improvements, such as wells and coolers.

Eligible applicants may obtain a Micro Loan for up to $35,000. The repayment
term may vary and will not exceed seven years. Annual operating loans are repaid
within 12 months or when the agricultural commodities produced are sold.
Interest rates are based on the regular operating loan rates that are in effect
at the time of the micro loan approval or closing, whichever is less. Current
interest rates are 1.375 percent. Please contact the Farm Loan staff at the
County Office for more loan program details.

Direct Operating loans may be made for one to seven years with a current
operating interest rate of 1.375 percent, which is subject to change each month.
Maximum operating loan levels are $300,000.

Direct Farm Ownership loans can be made by FSA to purchase a farm, the terms may
extend to 40 years with a current interest rate of 3.5 percent. Maximum
ownership loan levels are $300,000.

Participation farm ownership loans can also be made with FSA and a commercial
lender. For rates and terms and down-payment requirements, please contact the
local FSA office.

FSA Guaranteed Loans are made by banks or other lenders for which FSA guarantees
up to 90 percent of any loss. The loan limits for FSA guaranteed loans has
increased to $1,302, 000 for 2013. The guaranteed loan program includes both
operating and real estate loan programs.

For additional information concerning these programs in Grant or Adams counties,
contact Libby Anderson, Farm Loan Manager, at (509) 754-2463 extension 2.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OTH

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2013 The Othello Outlook


                              6 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 Wirt County Journal (Elizabeth, West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 26, 2014

FSA offers farm loans

BYLINE: Wirt County Journal staff

LENGTH: 208  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency makes and guarantees
loans to family farmers to promote, build and sustain family farms in support of
a thriving agricultural economy.

Some farmers obtain their credit needs through the use of loan guarantees. Under
a guaranteed loan, a commercial lender makes and services the loan, and FSA
guarantees it against loss up to a maximum of 90 percent in most cases.

Also, FSA makes direct loans for farm ownership or operating expenses.

Farm Ownership Loans. In general, farm ownership loans may be used to purchase a
farm, enlarge an existing farm, and construct farm buildings.

The maximum repayment term is 40 years for both direct and guaranteed farm
ownership loans.

Farm Operating Loans. Operating loans can be used for normal operating expenses,
machinery and equipment, real estate repairs, and refinancing debt. The
repayment term may vary, but typically it will not exceed seven years for
intermediate-term purposes. Annual operating loans are generally repaid within
12 months or when the commodities are sold.

For additional information about FSA loan programs contact the Mill Run Farm
Service Agency office at 91 Boyles Lane, Parkersburg. The Farm Loan staff can be
reached at 304.422.9072.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WRT

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2014 Wirt County Journal


                              7 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 25, 2016 Monday

Washington: Hoeven, Klobuchar Introduce Capital for Farmers and Ranchers Act

LENGTH: 537  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator John Hoeven has issued the following news
release:



 Senators John Hoeven and Amy Klobuchar have introduced the Capital for Farmers
and Ranchers Act. The legislation will increase the maximum loan amount that an
individual farmer or rancher is able to receive under the Farm Service Agency's
Direct and Guaranteed Loan Programs for Farm Operating Loans and Farm Ownership
Loans. Many producers are concerned that the current maximum loan amounts do not
grant them the flexibility they need to operate in times of low commodity
prices.





 "This legislation will increase the FSA loan amounts for our farmers and
ranchers, which is really important for them now so that they can get access to
credit during these challenging times with low commodity prices," Hoeven said.
"It will help them to maintain their operations so that they can continue to
provide affordable, high quality food to the American people."



 "Farmers and ranchers strengthen rural communities and form the backbone of our
state's economy," Klobuchar said. "Our bipartisan legislation would help provide
them with the support they need to start or grow their farming operations during
tough economic times."



 The Hoeven-Klobuchar bill will help producers weather the downturn. For
example, our bill doubles the cap on Direct Operating and Direct Farm Ownership
Loans from $300,000 to $600,000. Similarly, it increases the loan cap for
Guaranteed Operating Loans and Guaranteed Farm Ownership Loans from $1,399,000
to $2,500,000.



 The farm loan programs include:



 o Direct Farm Loans - Provide loans designed to help family farmers to start,
purchase, or expand their farming operation. In many cases, these are beginning
farmers who need additional financial and business acumen to qualify for
commercial credit. These include:



     Direct Operating Loans - Used to purchase livestock, farm equipment, feed,
seed, fuel, farm chemicals, insurance, and other operating expenses. As well, it
can be used for minor improvements to buildings, costs associated with land and
water development, family living expenses, and to refinance debt in certain
circumstances.

     Direct Farm Ownership Loans - Used to purchase farmland, construct or
repair buildings and other fixtures, develop farmland to promote soil and water
conservation, and to refinance debt.



 o Guaranteed Farm Loans - Provide lenders (commercial banks, small and
community banks, Farm Credit System, credit unions) with a guarantee of up to 95
percent of the loss of principal and interest on a loan. These include:



      Guaranteed Operating Loans - Used to purchase livestock, farm equipment,
feed, seed, fuel, farm chemicals, insurance, and other operating expenses. As
well, it can be used for minor improvements to buildings, costs associated with
land and water development, family living expenses, and to refinance debt in
certain circumstances.

     Guaranteed Farm Ownership Loans - Used to purchase farmland, construct or
repair buildings and other fixtures, develop farmland to promote soil and water
conservation, and to refinance debt.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              8 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Agriculture: Operating Loans Still Big for Small Ag Banks

                             March 4, 1996, Monday

By BARBARA F. BRONSTIEN


While farm operating loans have retained their importance at small banks, they
have become a much smaller part of big banks' business, an American Banker
analysis shows.

A study of call report data from Sheshunoff Information Services shows that the
total dollar amount of farm operating loans at banks under $3 billion in assets
increased at a much faster rate than at large banks between yearend 1992 and
September 1995

Similarly, though the percentage of farm loans to total loans declined across
the board, the decrease was less at the smaller banks.

Some of the reasons for more action at smaller farm lenders are obvious:
"Smaller banks are in agricultural areas, so naturally they'd have a higher
percentage," said Robert Thompson, an agribusiness professor at California
Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo.

Moreover, most big banks have more diverse lending focuses. They also may have
more competitors, including the Farm Credit System and foreign lenders such as
Holland's Rabobank Nederland, aggressively going after the larger agriculture
credits they target, observers said.

The analysis found that big banks' farm operating loans - those not involving
real estate - amounted to 0.48% of total loans in September 1995, about an
eighth less than at the end of 1992.

In contrast, at smaller farm banks with at least 25% of loans in agriculture,
farm operating loans to total loans fell only 1.5% during that time to 30.13%.

During the same period, total dollar amounts of farm operating loans increased
much more substantially at small banks than at big banks. Small bank farm loans
jumped 27% to $20.5 billion in that 33-month period, compared with 10% and $8.3
billion at the larger banks.

In the first nine months of 1995, the loans at large banks barely increased,
according to the study.

In California, slower growth in farm loans by big banks may have been caused by
an increased focus by some on commercial and industrial lending. This trend is
likely to continue as the economy picks up, said Bill Scarborough, senior vice
president in the Fresno office of $7.7 billion- asset Sanwa Bank California.

And the small banks' greater dollar increases don't necessarily mean waves of
new customers, bankers said

"I would say that our customer number has been fairly static," said Gary Mills,
who heads the agriculture lending department at $130 million-asset First
National Bank, Powell, Wyo.

The loan amounts required by farmers often go up as a result of increased costs
- a continuing trend. Fertilizer costs are up 15% this year, Mr. Mills said.

In addition, loan amounts rise when farmers must borrow more to cover previous
losses from the many kinds of weather and pricing perils that harm farm
commodities. That was the case in Powell after the area's sugar beet crop was
severely damaged by insects a couple of years ago, Mr. Mills said.

Small banks also have bulked up their ag portfolios through government
guarantees that allow them to take on larger credits than they could manage on
their own, said Patrick Hollis, assistant vice president of $85 million- asset
Franklin State Bank and Trust, Winnsboro, La.

Of course, specific states' experiences with farm operating loans varied.

For instance, total farm operating loans at Georgia's six big banks were up 78%
over the period, while such loans at New Jersey's top eight banks were down
74.3%.

And Mr. Hollis wasn't certain why the total dollar amount of operating loans at
small banks in Louisiana increased more than 200% during the period, to almost
$300 million.

"I would think it would be the cost of production has increased," Mr. Hollis
said. "I hadn't thought about it, but our crop loans go up every year."

He said that one reason for the soaring loan amounts in his state is a focus on
catfish farming - where expenses are higher than with other agricultural
products. That product also may account for increased loan amounts in other
southeastern states, including Mississippi.

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING

LENGTH: 668 words

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: includes chart: Increases in Farm Operating Loans

                      Copyright 1996 American Banker, Inc.


                              9 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Watertown Daily Times (New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 4, 2009 Thursday

FSA fund runs out of money for farmers

BYLINE: Nancy Madsen, Watertown Daily Times, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 524 words


Jun. 4--If farms haven't already closed on loans from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Farm Service Agency, they may be out of luck.

The agency's direct operating loan program ran out of money March 27.

"In my 20 years, I don't remember it running out this early," said Christy L.
Marshall, farm loan chief at the Farm Service Agency office in Syracuse.
Instead, it would usually last well into the summer. "I still had a whole slew
of applications in the pipeline with no decisions made," Ms. Marshall said.

Farmers can receive up to $300,000 in direct operating loans and up to
$1,094,000 in loans guaranteed by FSA but disbursed by commercial lenders. Ms.
Marshall said guaranteed loans are processed by the national office and they are
still being funded.

"There's still a lot of applications in the pipeline," she said. "I'm not sure
where the funding will go."

New York received $2.4 million in stimulus money for direct operating loans, but
that's already been given to farms. Nationally, she said, that program's use has
increased by 76 percent.

Of the $65.9 million that has come to New York since October in all programs,
Northern New York counties have ranked No. 1 and No. 2 in the amount received.

In St. Lawrence County, 29 farms received $6,222,700 in direct and guaranteed
loans -- the highest dollar amount and number of farms involved by county in the
state. Seventeen farms in Jefferson County had $4,231,300 in direct and
guaranteed loans -- the second-highest amount.

Several other counties, including Steuben and Washington, had 20 or more farms'
requests fulfilled. Lewis County had six loans funded for $514,500 in direct and
guaranteed loans.

The $2.4 million in stimulus money funded only direct operating loans. No north
country farms received this funding. "There were no loan requests from Jefferson
or St. Lawrence counties for direct operating loans," Ms. Marshall said.

Since October, the beginning of the FSA's fiscal year, New York farmers have
submitted significantly more requests for loan support and received more in
loans than in previous years.

Applications for direct and guaranteed loans increased about 40 percent over
last year. The total number of applications for October through May was 769 this
year, 542 in 2007-08 and 652 in 2006-07.

In 2008-09, the state had $20.6 million in direct loans, including $2.4 million
of stimulus money. In 2007-08, the state received $14.9 million in direct
operating loan money and in 2006-07, it had $17.1 million in direct operating
loans.

Farms that had direct loans approved, but haven't seen the money, will sit on a
waiting list until the next fiscal year begins in October or Congress passes a
supplemental funding bill for the program.

To see more of the Watertown Daily Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.watertowndailytimes.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Watertown Daily
Times, N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090604-WE-FSA-FUND-20090604

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WE


                      Copyright 2009 Watertown Daily Times


                              10 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      Tri-County News (Kimball, Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 12, 2012

USDA offers farm loans for socially disadvantaged groups

BYLINE: Tri-County News staff

LENGTH: 457  words


Stearns County USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA) Farm Loan Manager Jerry Hurrle
reminds producers that FSA offers specially-targeted farm ownership and farm
operating loans to Socially Disadvantaged (SDA) applicants.

"FSA targets a portion of its loan funds each year to socially disadvantaged
farmers and ranchers," said Hurrle. "Farming and ranching is a capital intensive
business and FSA is committed to helping producers start and maintain their
agricultural operations."

In fiscal year 2011, Minnesota FSA obligated $6.3 million in direct and
guaranteed loans to socially disadvantaged producers.

USDA defines socially disadvantaged applicants as a group whose members have
been subjected to racial, ethnic, or gender prejudice because of their identity
as members of the group without regard to their individual qualities. For farm
loan program purposes, SDA groups are women, African Americans, American Indians
and Alaskan Natives, His-panics and Asians and Pacific Islanders.

SDA producers who cannot obtain commercial credit from a bank can apply for
either FSA direct loans or guaranteed loans. Direct loans are made to applicants
by FSA. Guaranteed loans are made by lending institutions who arrange for FSA to
guarantee the loan. FSA can guarantee up to 95 percent of the loss of principal
and interest on a loan. The FSA guarantee allows lenders to make agricultural
credit available to producers who do not meet the lender's normal underwriting
criteria.

The direct and guaranteed loan program offers two types of loans: farm ownership
loans and farm operating loans.

Farm ownership loan funds may be used to purchase or enlarge a farm or ranch,
purchase easements or rights of way needed in the farm's operation, build or
improve buildings such as a dwelling or barn, promote soil and water
conservation and development and pay closing costs.

Farm operating loan funds may be used to purchase livestock, poultry, farm
equipment, fertilizer, and other materials necessary to operate a successful
farm. Operating Loan funds can also be used for family living expenses,
refinancing debts under certain conditions, paying salaries for hired farm
laborers, installing or improving water systems for home, livestock, or
irrigation use and other similar improvements.

Repayment terms for direct operating loans depend on the collateral securing the
loan and usually run from one to seven years. Financing for direct farm
ownership loans cannot exceed 40 years. Interest rates for direct loans are set
periodically according to the Government's cost of borrowing. Guaranteed loan
terms and interest rates are set by the lender.

For more information on FSA's farm loan programs, please contact your farm loan
Service Center at (320) 251-7800, Ext. 2.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TCO

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2012 Tri-County News


                              11 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     Monroe County Appeal (Paris, Missouri)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 12, 2012

USDA offers farm loans for socially disadvantaged groups

BYLINE: Monroe County Appeal staff

LENGTH: 461  words


Monroe, Marion, Shelby and Ralls County USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA) Farm Loan
Manager Robert A. Noellsch reminds producers that FSA offers specially-targeted
farm ownership and farm operating loans to Socially Disadvantaged (SDA)
applicants.

"FSA targets a portion of its loan funds each year to socially disadvantaged
farmers and ranchers," said Noellsch. "Farming and ranching is a capital
intensive business and FSA is committed to helping producers start and maintain
their agricultural operations."

In fiscal year 2011, Missouri FSA obligated $17 million in direct and guaranteed
loans to socially disadvantaged producers.

USDA defines socially disadvantaged applicants as a group whose members have
been subjected to racial, ethnic or gender prejudice because of their identity
as members of the group without regard to their individual qualities. For farm
loan program purposes, SDA groups are women, African Americans, American Indians
and Alaskan Natives, Hispanics and Asians and Pacific Islanders.

SDA producers who cannot obtain commercial credit from a bank can apply for
either FSA direct loans or guaranteed loans. Direct loans are made to applicants
by FSA. Guaranteed loans are made by lending institutions who arrange for FSA to
guarantee the loan. FSA can guarantee up to 95 percent of the loss of principal
and interest on a loan. The FSA guarantee allows lenders to make agricultural
credit available to producers who do not meet the lender's normal under-writing
criteria.

The direct and guaranteed loan program offers two types of loans: farm ownership
loans and farm operating loans.

Farm ownership loan funds may be used to purchase or enlarge a farm or ranch,
purchase easements or rights of way needed in the farm's operation, build or
improve buildings such as a dwelling or barn, promote soil and water
conservation and development and pay closing costs.

Farm operating loan funds may be used to purchase livestock, poultry, farm
equipment, fertilizer and other materials necessary to operate a successful farm
. Operating loan funds can also be used for family living expenses, refinancing
debts under certain conditions, paying salaries for hired farm laborers,
installing or improving water systems for home, livestock, or irrigation use and
other similar improvements.

Repayment terms for direct operating loans depend on the collateral securing the
loan and usually run from one to seven years. Financing for direct farm
ownership loans carmot exceed 40 years. Interest rates for direct loans are set
periodically according to the Government's cost of borrowing. Guaranteed loan
terms and interest rates are set by the lender,

For more information on FSA's farm loan programs, please contact your farm loan
Service Center at (660) 327-4137.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MCA

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2012 Monroe County Appeal


                              12 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       The New Era (Parker, South Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 24, 2012

FSA News;
USDA offers farm loans for socially disadvantaged producers

BYLINE: The New Era staff

LENGTH: 464  words


USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA) State Executive Director Craig Schaunaman reminds
producers that FSA offers specially-targeted farm ownership and farm operating
loans to Socially Disadvantaged (SDA) applicants.

"FSA targets a portion of its annual loan funds for socially disadvantaged
farmers and ranchers," said Schaunaman.

"Farming and ranching is a capital intensive business and FSA is committed to
helping producers start and maintain their agricultural operations."

In fiscal year 2011, South Dakota FSA dispersed $12.4 million in farm loans to
socially disadvantaged producers.

USDA defines socially disadvantaged applicants as a group whose members have
been subjected to racial, ethnic, or gender prejudice because of their identity
as members of the group without regard to their individual qualities. For farm
loan program purposes, SDA groups are women, African Americans, American Indians
and Alaskan Natives, Hispanics and Asians and Pacific Islanders.

SDA producers who cannot obtain commercial credit from a bank can apply for
either FSA direct loans or guaranteed loans. Direct loans are made to applicants
by FSA. Guaranteed loans are made by lending institutions who arrange for FSA to
guarantee the loan. FSA can guarantee up to 95 percent of the loss of principal
and interest on a loan. The FSA guarantee allows lenders to make agricultural
credit available to producers who do not meet the lender's normal underwriting
criteria.

The direct and guaranteed loan program offers two types of loans: farm ownership
loans and farm operating loans.

Farm ownership loan funds may be used to purchase or enlarge a farm or ranch,
purchase easements or rights of way needed in the farm's operation, build or
improve buildings such as a dwelling or barn, promote soil and water
conservation and development and pay closing costs.

Farm operating loan funds may be used to purchase livestock, poultry, farm
equipment, fertilizer, and other materials necessary to operate a successful
farm. Operating Loan funds can also be used for family living expenses,
refinancing debts under certain conditions, paying salaries for hired farm
laborers, installing or improving water systems for home, livestock, or
irrigation use and other similar improvements.

Repayment terms for direct operating loans depend on the collateral securing the
loan and usually run from one to seven years. Financing for direct farm
ownership loans cannot exceed 40 years. Interest rates for direct loans are set
periodically according to the Government's cost of borrowing. Guaranteed loan
terms and interest rates are set by the lender.

For more information on FSA's farm loan programs, please contact your local FSA
office or on the web at www.fsa.usda.gov.

Contact our office at 605-297-5564 for more information.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NER

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                           Copyright 2012 The New Era


                              13 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 12, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Lackawanna/Wayne/Pike County FSA Updates

LENGTH: 456  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has
issued the following news release:





 In order to comply with FSA program eligibility requirements, all producers are
encouraged to visit their local FSA office to file an accurate crop
certification report by the applicable deadline.





 Acreage reporting dates vary by crop and by county so please contact your local
FSA office for a list of county-specific deadlines.



 The following exceptions apply to acreage reporting dates:



     If the crop has not been planted by the applicable acreage reporting date,
then the acreage must be reported no later than 15 calendar days after planting
is completed.

     If a producer acquires additional acreage after the applicable acreage
reporting date, then the acreage must be reported no later than 30 calendars
days after purchase or acquiring the lease. Appropriate documentation must be
provided to the county office.

     If a perennial forage crop is reported with the intended use of "cover
only," "green manure," "left standing," or "seed," then the acreage must be
reported by July 15th.



 Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance Program (NAP) policy holders should note
that the acreage reporting date for NAP covered crops is the earlier of the
applicable dates or 15 calendar days before grazing or harvesting of the crop
begins.



 For questions regarding crop certification and crop loss reports, please
contact your local FSA office.



 Direct Loans



 FSA offers direct farm ownership and direct farm operating Loans to producers
who want to establish, maintain or strengthen their farm or ranch. FSA loan
officers process, approve and service direct loans.



 Direct farm operating loans can be used to purchase livestock and feed, farm
equipment, fuel, farm chemicals, insurance and other costs including family
living expenses. Operating loans can also be used to finance minor improvements
or repairs to buildings and to refinance some farm-related debts, excluding real
estate.



 Direct farm ownership loans can be used to purchase farmland, enlarge an
existing farm, construct and repair buildings, and to make farm improvements.



 The maximum loan amount for both direct farm ownership and operating loans is
$300,000 and a down payment is not required. Repayment terms vary depending on
the type of loan, collateral and the producer's ability to repay the loan.
Operating loans are normally repaid within seven years and farm ownership loans
are not to exceed 40 years.



 Please contact your local FSA office for more information or to apply for a
direct farm ownership or operating loan.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



              The Lake Metigoshe Mirror (Bottineau, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 11, 2012

FSA offering loans to socially disadvantaged applicants

BYLINE: The Lake Metigoshe Mirror staff

LENGTH: 453  words


North Dakota USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA) State Executive Director Aaron
Krauter reminds producers that FSA offers specially-targeted farm ownership and
farm operating loans to Socially Disadvantaged (SDA) applicants.

"FSA targets a portion of its loan funds each year to socially disadvantaged
farmers and ranchers," said Krauter. "Farming and ranching is a capital
intensive business and FSA is committed to helping producers start and maintain
their agricultural operations."

In fiscal year 2011, North Dakota FSA obligated $7.1 million in direct and
guaranteed loans to socially disadvantaged producers.

USDA defines socially disadvantaged applicants as a group whose members have
been subjected to racial, ethnic, or gender prejudice because of their identity
as members of the group without regard to their individual qualities. For farm
loan program purposes, SDA groups are women. African Americans, American Indians
and Alaskan Natives, Hispanics and Asians and Pacific Islanders.

SDA producers who cannot obtain commercial credit from a bank can apply for
either FSA direct loans or guaranteed loans. Direct loans are made to applicants
by FSA. Guaranteed loans are made by lending institutions who arrange for FSA to
guarantee the loan. FSA can guarantee up to 95 percent of the loss of principal
and interest on a loan. The FSA guarantee allows lenders to make agricultural
credit available to producers who do not meet the lender's normal underwriting
criteria.

The direct and guaranteed loan program offers two types of loans: farm ownership
loans and farm operating loans.

Farm ownership loan funds may be used to purchase or enlarge a farm or ranch,
purchase easements or rights of way needed in the farm's operation, build or
improve buildings such as a dwelling or barn, promote soil and water
conservation and development and pay closing costs.

Farm operating loan funds may be used to purchase livestock, poultry, farm
equipment, fertilizer, and other materials necessary to operate a successful
farm. Operating Loan funds can also be used for family living expenses,
refinancing debts under certain conditions, paying salaries for hired farm
laborers, installing or improving water systems for home, livestock, or
irrigation use and other similar improvements.

Repayment terms for direct operating loans depend on the collateral securing the
loan and usually run from one to seven years. Financing for direct farm
ownership loans cannot exceed 40 years. Interest rates for direct loans are set
periodically according to the Government's cost of borrowing. Guaranteed loan
terms and interest rates are set by the lender.

For more information on FSA's farm loan programs, please contact your local FSA
office.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LMT

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
       Copyright 2012 The Lake Metigoshe Mirror (Bottineau, North Dakota)


                              15 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Courier (Freeman, South Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 23, 2012

Farm operating loans for SDA producers

BYLINE: Freeman Courier staff

LENGTH: 641  words


USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA) State Executive Director Craig Schaunaman reminds
producers that FSA offers specially-targeted farm ownership and farm operating
loans to Socially Disadvantaged (SDA) applicants.

"FSA targets a portion of its annual loan funds for socially disadvantaged
farmers and ranchers," said Schaunaman. "Farming and ranching is a capital
intensive business and FSA is committed to helping producers start and maintain
their agricultural operations."

In fiscal year 2011, South Dakota FSA dispersed $12.4 million in farm loans to
socially disadvantaged producers.

USDA defines socially disadvantaged applicants as a group whose members have
been subjected to racial, ethnic, or gender prejudice because of their identity
as members of the group without regard to their individual qualities. For farm
loan program purposes, SDA groups are women, African Americans, American Indians
and Alaskan Natives, Hispanics and Asians and Pacific Islanders.

SDA producers who cannot obtain commercial credit from a bank can apply for
either FSA direct loans or guaranteed loans. Direct loans are made to applicants
by FSA. Guaranteed loans are made by lending institutions who arrange for FSA to
guarantee the loan. FSA can guarantee up to 95 percent of the loss of principal
and interest on a loan. The FSA guarantee allows lenders to make agricultural
credit available to producers who do not meet the lender's normal underwriting
criteria.

The direct and guaranteed loan program offers two types of loans: farm ownership
loans and farm operating loans.

Farm ownership loan funds may be used to purchase or enlarge a farm or ranch,
purchase easements or rights of way needed in the farm's operation, build or
improve buildings such as a dwelling or barn, promote soil and water
conservation and development and pay closing costs.

Farm operatirig loan funds may be used to purchase livestock, poultry, farm
equipment, fertilizer, and other materials necessary to operate a successful
farm. Operating loan funds can also be used for family living expenses,
refinancing debts under certain conditions, paying salaries for hired farm
laborers, installing or improving water systems for home, livestock, or
irrigation use and other similar improvements.

Repayment terms for direct operating loans depend on the collateral securing the
loan and usually run from one to seven years. Financing for direct farm
ownership loans cannot exceed 40 years. Interest rates for direct loans are set
periodically according to the Government's cost of borrowing. Guaranteed loan
terms and interest rates are set by the lender.

For more information on FSA's farm loan programs, contact your local FSA office
or on the web at www. fsa.usda.gov.

Controlling weeds on CRP acres

Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) participants are required to comply with the
State's noxious weed laws, controlling other undesirable plants, and controlling
insects and rodents on land enrolled in CRP.

If appropriate measures are not taken to control problems in these areas, the
FSA County Committee (COC ) is required to consider whether you are in
compliance with the terms and conditions of your CRP contract. If the COC
determines you have not made a good faith effort to control undesirables, your
contract could be terminated. If your contract is terminated, you would be
required to refund all annual payments, all cost share payments plus interest,
and pay liquidated damages.

Producers who entered CRP contracts beginning with the 14th signup also agreed
not to disturb the cover during the primary nesting season (May 1 through Aug.
1). Mechanical or chemical spot treatment of weeds, insects or rodents during
the primary nesting season can be allowed if written approval is obtained from
the administering County FSA Office.

Contact our office at 605-297-5564 for more information.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FRE

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                  Copyright 2012 Freeman, South Dakota Courier


                              16 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Tyler Tribute (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 3, 2013

Loans for socially disadvantaged persons

BYLINE: Tyler Tribute staff

LENGTH: 310  words


The Farm Service Agency (FSA) makes and guarantees loans to eligible socially
disadvantaged farmers (SDA) to buy and operate family-size farms. Each fiscal
year, the Agency targets a portion of its direct and guaranteed loan funds to
SDA farmers. Non-reserved funds can also be used by SDA persons. For purposes of
this program, socially disadvantaged applicants include American Indians or
Alaskan Natives, Asians, Blacks or African Americans, Native Hawaiians or other
Pacific Islanders, Hispanics and women.

With this loan program, FSA:

Helps remove barriers that prevent full participation of SDA farmers in FSA's
farm loan programs; and provides information and assistance to SDA farmers to
help them develop sound farm management practices, analyze problems, and plan
the best use of available resources essential for success.

Direct farm ownership loans and farm operating loans are made by FSA to eligible
farmers. Guaranteed farm ownership and farm operating loans are made by lending
institutions subject to Federal or State supervision (banks, savings and loans,
and units of the Farm Credit System) and guaranteed by FSA.

Farm ownership loan funds may be used to purchase or enlarge a farm or ranch,
purchase easements or rights of way needed in the farm's operation, erect or
improve buildings, implement soil and water conservation measures and pay
closing costs. Guaranteed farm ownership funds may also be used to refinance
debt.

Farm operating loan funds may be used to purchase livestock, poultry, farm
equipment, feed, seed, fuel, fertilizer, chemicals, insurance and other
operating expenses. The funds also may be used for borrower training costs,
closing costs and to reorganize and refinance debt.

In addition to loans to socially disadvantaged applicants, FSA also has loan
programs available for beginning farmers, established farmers and youth.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TYL

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2013 Tyler Tribute


                              17 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 13, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Guaranteed Loan Program

LENGTH: 227  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has
issued the following news release:





 FSA guaranteed loans allow lenders to provide agricultural credit to farmers
who do not meet the lender's normal underwriting criteria. Farmers and ranchers
apply for a guaranteed loan through a lender, and the lender arranges for the
guarantee. FSA can guarantee up to 95 percent of the loss of principal and
interest on a loan. Guaranteed loans can be used for both farm ownership and
operating purposes.





 Guaranteed farm ownership loans can be used to purchase farmland, construct or
repair buildings, develop farmland to promote soil and water conservation or to
refinance debt.



 Guaranteed operating loans can be used to purchase livestock, farm equipment,
feed, seed, fuel, farm chemicals, insurance and other operating expenses.



 FSA can guarantee farm ownership and operating loans up to $1,399,000.
Repayment terms vary depending on the type of loan, collateral and the
producer's ability to repay the loan. Operating loans are normally repaid within
seven years and farm ownership loans are not to exceed 40 years.



 Please contact your lender or local FSA farm loan office for more information
on guaranteed loans.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             August 5, 2008 Tuesday

USDA increases loan limits for local farmers

BYLINE: Reformer.com

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 340 words


MONTPELIER -- Harvey Smith, executive director of USDA's Farm Service Agency,
recently announced that the new federal Farm Bill is helping make the goal of
owning and operating a farm a reality for more people by raising the loan limits
to $300,000 (up from $200,000) for direct farm ownership and operating loans.

"FSA is working with farmers at the local level and has already started making
loans with this higher limit," Smith said. "FSA strives to be the lender of
first opportunity for those entering the farm community and is proud to help the
hard-working farmers in Vermont who are struggling with the high costs of
running a family farm. We especially like working with beginning and socially
disadvantaged producers."

A loan from the FSA gives farmers access to capital that is essential to build
and sustain family farms. Despite continual increases in farm input costs, the
prices of farms, livestock and equipment the fsa loan limits had remained
unchanged since 1984. The increased loan limits are expected to help farmers
whose credit requirements could not previously be met by the FSA loan limits. In
addition, some existing fsa borrowers who have already reached the previous
limit of $200,000 will now be eligible to obtain additional credit from FSA.

FSA makes loans to farmers and services these loans providing direct loan
borrowers with supervision including assistance with business planning and an
annual farm analysis to improve their chance for success. Farm ownership,
operating, emergency, and youth loans are the main types of loans available
under the direct program. Direct loan funds are also set aside each year for
loans to socially disadvantaged and beginning farmers.

"If you are starting a farm or changing your operation, give us a call," said
Smith.

Farmers interested in applying for a direct operating or farm ownership loan
should contact their local FSA office.

For more information about these and other types of loans, visit the FSA's home
page at www.fsa.usda.gov and click on "farm loan programs."

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 14, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Guaranteed Loan Program

LENGTH: 211  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has
issued the following news release:





 FSA guaranteed loans allow lenders to provide agricultural credit to farmers
who do not meet the lender's normal underwriting criteria. Farmers and ranchers
apply for a guaranteed loan through a lender, and the lender arranges for the
guarantee. FSA can guarantee up to 95 percent of the loss of principal and
interest on a loan. Guaranteed loans can be used for both farm ownership and
operating purposes.





 Guaranteed farm ownership loans can be used to purchase farmland, construct or
repair buildings, develop farmland to promote soil and water conservation or to
refinance debt.



 Guaranteed operating loans can be used to purchase livestock, farm equipment,
feed, seed, fuel, farm chemicals, insurance and other operating expenses.



 FSA can guarantee farm ownership and operating loans up to $1,399,000.
Repayment terms vary depending on the type of loan, collateral and the
producer's ability to repay the loan. Operating loans are normally repaid within
seven years and farm ownership loans are not to exceed 40 years.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2013 Progressive Media Group Limited, All Rights
                                    Reserved

                        ICD Research - Business Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            Progressive Digital Media company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                 June 20, 2013

                                     CoBank

                            5500 South Quebec Street
                                  Denver 80111
                            United States of America

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *


COMPANY OVERVIEW

   Co Bank, ACB (Co Bank) is one of the banks of the Farm Credit System (System)
and provides loans, leases and other financial services to vital industries
across rural the US. The company provides various financial products and
services to agribusinesses, agricultural cooperatives, and farm credit
associations, and also to the rural energy, communications, and water companies.
It also provides export financing of U.S. agricultural products. In addition, it
offers real estate loans; and loans for equipment, working capital, and other
agricultural production purposes, and also short term and long term financing.
The company's operations are undertaken through its subsidiary, Farm Credit
Leasing Services Corporation, which provides lease financing and a range of
equipment, machinery, vehicles, and facilities. Furthermore, it offers financial
products and services, such as syndicated finance, private placements,
tax-exempt bonds, asset securitization, equity development, and interest rate
risk management; and cash management, and also provides online financial
services. Co bank is headquartered in Greenwood Village, Colorado, the US.

BUSINESS DESCRIPTION

   Co Bank, ACB, is a division of the United States Farm Credit System, is an
agricultural credit bank. It serves cooperatives in the agricultural sector. It
also involved in lending money to farm credit associations, agricultural
businesses, and rural utilities, who collectively own Co Bank. It operates
through its wholly-owned subsidiary Farm Credit Leasing Services Corporation.
The company provides international banking services for U.S. agribusinesses,
exclusive among banks of the Farm Credit System.

   The company carries out its lending operations through three operating
segments - Agribusiness, Strategic Relationships and Rural Infrastructure.

   The Agribusiness operating segment includes the regional agribusiness banking
group, corporate agribusiness banking group, agricultural Export financing
division and banking services group, which includes Farm Credit Leasing. It
serves cooperatives and other customers who are involved in a wide variety of
industries, including grain handling and marketing, farm supply, food
processing, dairy, livestock, fruits, nuts, vegetables, cotton, biofuels and
forest products. The agribusiness operating segment contributed 41% of the
company's total loan portfolio in FY2011.

   Through its Strategic Relationships operating segment, Co Bank serves as a
wholesale provider of funds for four affiliated Farm Credit associations; Farm
Credit East, Farm Credit of Maine, Northwest Farm Credit Services, and Yankee
Farm Credit. The Co Bank also serves as a partner of choice for a number of
other Farm Credit banks and associations through loan participation, syndicates
and a through providing cash management services , treasury products, leasing
and other non-credit services. The Strategic Relationships operating segment
generated 33% of the company's total loan portfolio in FY2011.

   The Rural Infrastructure operating segment includes the Electric Distribution
Banking Division, Energy & Water Services Banking Division, Power Supply Banking
Division and Communications Banking Division. It serves rural utilities and
other customers across a wide variety of industries, including electric
generation, transmission and distribution cooperatives; water and wastewater
companies; and wire line, cable and wireless communications service providers.
The Rural Infrastructure operating segment generated 26% of the company's total
loan portfolio in FY2011.

   In January 2012, the company has completed the merger of U.S AgBank which
delivers a substantial diversification benefits by adding U.S. AgBank's
portfolio of high-quality wholesale loans to 25 Farm Credit associations
operating in 11 states. Those states include California, the state with the
nation's largest agricultural economy, along with Arizona, New Mexico, Nevada,
Utah, Wyoming, Idaho, Colorado, Kansas, Oklahoma and Hawaii.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *







LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2013


                              21 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     Monroe County Appeal (Paris, Missouri)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 23, 2011

FSA targets funds for socially disadvantaged farmers

BYLINE: Monroe County Appeal staff

LENGTH: 401  words


Jackie L. Stroupe, Acting Farm Loan Manager of the USDA Farm Service Agency for
Marion, Monroe, Ralls and Shelby counties, announced the availability of farm
operating and farm ownership loans for women and members of minority groups who
want to purchase or operate a family-size farm.

"Each year, the Farm Service Agency earmarks a portion of its farm loan funding
for socially disadvantaged applicants, people who have been subjected to racial,
ethnic or gender inequality without regard to their individual qualities,"
Stroupe said. Socially disadvantaged applicants may be women, African Americans,
American Indians, Hispanics, Asian and Pacific Islanders and Alaskan Natives.

Stroupe said that while funding is earmarked for loans to socially disadvantaged
applicants, loan approval is neither automatic nor guaranteed.

"Socially disadvantaged applicants must meet the same eligibility criteria as
other applicants," Stroupe said.

Applicants must be U.S. citizens; have a satisfactory history of meeting credit
obligations; have sufficient education, training or experience managing or
operating a farm; possess legal capacity to incur debt; and be unable to obtain
credit elsewhere.

The agency can make direct loans to applicants who are unable to get commercial
credit or provide loan guarantees to commercial lenders.

Guaranteed loans may be made by any lending institution subject to Federal or
state supervision (banks, savings and loans, and units of the Farm Credit
System). FSA typically guarantees 90 or 95 percent of the loan against any loss
that might be incurred if the loan fails.

Applicants can use operating loans to purchase livestock, equipment, feed, seed
or pay other business related expenses. Operating loans are usually repaid in
one to seven years.

Ownership loans provide capital to purchase or enlarge a farm, construct or
improve buildings, promote soil and water conservation and pay closing costs.
Direct ownership loan terms are up to 40 years while guaranteed loan terms are
established by the lender.

Qualified applicants receive information and assistance to develop sound
management practices, analyze problems and utilize available resources essential
for successful farming operations to cope with the changing agricultural
environment. .

To learn more about FSA Farm Loan programs, contact your local Farm Service
Agency at (660) 327-4137 or visit online at www.fsa.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MCA

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2011 Monroe County Appeal


                              22 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Ottawa Herald (Kansas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 17, 2010 Wednesday

Farm loans open for women, minorities

BYLINE: The Ottawa Herald, Kan.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 506 words


Mar. 17--Farm operating and farm ownership loans now are available for women and
members of minority groups who want to purchase or operate a family-sized farm.

Applicants can use operating loans to purchase livestock, equipment, feed, seed
or pay other business-related expenses. Operating loans usually are repaid in
one to seven years.

Ownership loans provide capital to purchase or enlarge a farm, construct or
improve buildings, promote soil and water conservation and pay closing costs.
Direct ownership loan terms are up to 40 years, while guaranteed loan terms are
established by the lender.

Qualified applicants receive information and assistance to develop sound
management practices, analyze problems and utilize available resources essential
for successful farming operations to cope with the changing agricultural
environment.

"Each year, the Farm Service Agency earmarks a portion of its farm loan funding
for socially disadvantaged applicants, people who have been subjected to racial,
ethnic or gender inequality without regard to their individual qualities," Stacy
Kull said. She is the farm loan manager of the USDA Farm Service Agency for
Anderson, Coffey, Douglas, Franklin, Johnson, Linn, Miami, Osage and Shawnee
counties.

Socially disadvantaged applicants may be women, African-Americans, American
Indians, Hispanics, Asian and Pacific Islanders and Alaskan Natives.

Kull said that while funding is earmarked for loans to socially disadvantaged
applicants, loan approval is neither automatic nor guaranteed.

"Socially disadvantaged applicants must meet the same eligibility criteria as
other applicants," Kull said.

Applicants must be U.S citizens, have a satisfactory history of meeting credit
obligations, have sufficient education, training or experience managing or
operating a farm, possess legal capacity to incur debt and be unable to obtain
credit elsewhere.

The agency can make direct loans to applicants who are unable to get commercial
credit or provide loan guarantees to commercial lenders.

Guaranteed loans may be made by any lending institution subject to federal or
state supervision (banks, savings and loans and units of the Farm Credit
System). FSA typically guarantees 90 or 95 percent of the loan against any loss
that might be incurred if the loan fails.

In fiscal year 2009, Kansas obligated $8,568,210 for a total of 132 loans to
qualified farmers under the Socially Disadvantaged Persons Loan Program.  It
also obligated $54,133,329 for a total of 539 loans to qualified farmers under
the Beginning Farmer Program, Kull said.

For more information, call Julie Hibdon at (785) 242-3527 ext. 38.

To see more of The Ottawa Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.ottawaherald.com Copyright (c) 2010, The Ottawa Herald, Kan.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100317-IQ-Farm-loans-open-for-women-minorities-0317

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IQ


                        Copyright 2010 The Ottawa Herald


                              23 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Northwood Anchor (Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 11, 2012

Iowa FSA offers SDA and beginning farmer and rancher loans

BYLINE: The Northwood Anchor staff

LENGTH: 355  words


State Executive Director for USDA's Iowa Farm Service Agency John R. Whitaker
reminds interested applicants that loan programs are available to assist
eligible socially disadvantaged farmers (minority and beginning farmers and
ranchers) to buy and/or operate family-size farms and ranches.

"The work our Iowa FSA county offices do to support socially disadvantaged
farmers and ranchers is evident by the high level of minority and new farmer
participation," said Whitaker. "In 2011, 75 percent of all FSA farm loans in
Iowa were made to socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers. Our experienced
loan officers find resources and provide individualized planning to serve the
needs of under-represented groups in the agricultural community."

FSA offers two different loan types, direct and guaranteed. Farm ownership or
farm operating loans may be obtained directly from FSA for up to $300,000.
Guaranteed loans, loans made by a commercial lender where FSA acts as a
guarantor, can reach a maximum indebtedness of

$1,214,000.

Operating loans may be used for various short and intermediate type credit
needs, such as the purchase of livestock, equipment and annual operating
expenses. Farm ownership loans may be used for the purchase and/or improvement
of farm or ranch real estate and buildings associated with these properties.

Individuals, partnerships, joint operations, corporations, limited liability
companies and cooperatives primarily and directly engaged in family-sized
farming operations are eligible to apply. Repayment terms for direct operating
loans depend on the collateral securing the loan and have a term of one to seven
years. Repayment terms on direct farm ownership loans are up to 40 years.
Guaranteed loan terms (those loans made through commercial lenders, i.e. banks)
are set by the lender.

Applications for all FSA direct loan programs are made through the local FSA
office. Guaranteed loan applications are processed by the participating lender.

For more information on farm loans or other programs administered by FSA, people
may visit their local Farm Service Agency office or go online to www.fsa.
usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NWA

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2012 The Northwood Anchor


                              24 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           October 29, 2015 Thursday

Farm loans available

LENGTH: 301 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


- Maine State USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA) State Executive Director Don Todd
III reminds producers that the FSA offers specially targeted farm ownership and
farm operating loans to targeted underserved groups.


"Farming and ranching is a capital-intensive business and FSA is committed to
helping producers start and maintain their agricultural operations," said Todd.
In fiscal year 2015, Maine FSA obligated $4.47 million in direct and guaranteed
loans to targeted underserved farmers.


FSA defines targeted underserved as those who have not operated a farm or ranch
for more than 10 years, do not own a farm or ranch greater than 30 percent of
the average size farm in the county if applying for a farm ownership loan, and
who substantially participate in the operation of the farm. Targeted underserved
may also include those subjected to prejudice.


Targeted underserved producers who may not be able to obtain commercial credit
from a bank can apply for either FSA direct loans or guaranteed loans. Direct
loans are made to applicants by FSA. Guaranteed loans are made by lending
institutions who arrange for FSA to guarantee the loan.


The direct and guaranteed loan program offers farm ownership loans and farm
operating loans.


Farm ownership loan funds may be used to purchase or enlarge a farm or ranch,
purchase easements or rights of way needed in the farm's operation, build or
improve buildings, promote soil and water conservation and development and pay
closing costs.


Farm operating loan funds may be used to purchase livestock, poultry, farm
equipment, fertilizer, and other materials necessary to operate a successful
farm, and also living expenses, refinancing debts, salaries for laborers,
installing or improving water systems for home, livestock, or irrigation use,
and similar improvements.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                              25 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           October 29, 2015 Thursday

Farm loans available

LENGTH: 301 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


- Maine State USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA) State Executive Director Don Todd
III reminds producers that the FSA offers specially targeted farm ownership and
farm operating loans to targeted underserved groups.


"Farming and ranching is a capital-intensive business and FSA is committed to
helping producers start and maintain their agricultural operations," said Todd.
In fiscal year 2015, Maine FSA obligated $4.47 million in direct and guaranteed
loans to targeted underserved farmers.


FSA defines targeted underserved as those who have not operated a farm or ranch
for more than 10 years, do not own a farm or ranch greater than 30 percent of
the average size farm in the county if applying for a farm ownership loan, and
who substantially participate in the operation of the farm. Targeted underserved
may also include those subjected to prejudice.


Targeted underserved producers who may not be able to obtain commercial credit
from a bank can apply for either FSA direct loans or guaranteed loans. Direct
loans are made to applicants by FSA. Guaranteed loans are made by lending
institutions who arrange for FSA to guarantee the loan.


The direct and guaranteed loan program offers farm ownership loans and farm
operating loans.


Farm ownership loan funds may be used to purchase or enlarge a farm or ranch,
purchase easements or rights of way needed in the farm's operation, build or
improve buildings, promote soil and water conservation and development and pay
closing costs.


Farm operating loan funds may be used to purchase livestock, poultry, farm
equipment, fertilizer, and other materials necessary to operate a successful
farm, and also living expenses, refinancing debts, salaries for laborers,
installing or improving water systems for home, livestock, or irrigation use,
and similar improvements.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                              26 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           October 29, 2015 Thursday

Farm loans available

LENGTH: 301 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


- Maine State USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA) State Executive Director Don Todd
III reminds producers that the FSA offers specially targeted farm ownership and
farm operating loans to targeted underserved groups.


"Farming and ranching is a capital-intensive business and FSA is committed to
helping producers start and maintain their agricultural operations," said Todd.
In fiscal year 2015, Maine FSA obligated $4.47 million in direct and guaranteed
loans to targeted underserved farmers.


FSA defines targeted underserved as those who have not operated a farm or ranch
for more than 10 years, do not own a farm or ranch greater than 30 percent of
the average size farm in the county if applying for a farm ownership loan, and
who substantially participate in the operation of the farm. Targeted underserved
may also include those subjected to prejudice.


Targeted underserved producers who may not be able to obtain commercial credit
from a bank can apply for either FSA direct loans or guaranteed loans. Direct
loans are made to applicants by FSA. Guaranteed loans are made by lending
institutions who arrange for FSA to guarantee the loan.


The direct and guaranteed loan program offers farm ownership loans and farm
operating loans.


Farm ownership loan funds may be used to purchase or enlarge a farm or ranch,
purchase easements or rights of way needed in the farm's operation, build or
improve buildings, promote soil and water conservation and development and pay
closing costs.


Farm operating loan funds may be used to purchase livestock, poultry, farm
equipment, fertilizer, and other materials necessary to operate a successful
farm, and also living expenses, refinancing debts, salaries for laborers,
installing or improving water systems for home, livestock, or irrigation use,
and similar improvements.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                              27 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           October 29, 2015 Thursday

Farm loans available

LENGTH: 301 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


- Maine State USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA) State Executive Director Don Todd
III reminds producers that the FSA offers specially targeted farm ownership and
farm operating loans to targeted underserved groups.


"Farming and ranching is a capital-intensive business and FSA is committed to
helping producers start and maintain their agricultural operations," said Todd.
In fiscal year 2015, Maine FSA obligated $4.47 million in direct and guaranteed
loans to targeted underserved farmers.


FSA defines targeted underserved as those who have not operated a farm or ranch
for more than 10 years, do not own a farm or ranch greater than 30 percent of
the average size farm in the county if applying for a farm ownership loan, and
who substantially participate in the operation of the farm. Targeted underserved
may also include those subjected to prejudice.


Targeted underserved producers who may not be able to obtain commercial credit
from a bank can apply for either FSA direct loans or guaranteed loans. Direct
loans are made to applicants by FSA. Guaranteed loans are made by lending
institutions who arrange for FSA to guarantee the loan.


The direct and guaranteed loan program offers farm ownership loans and farm
operating loans.


Farm ownership loan funds may be used to purchase or enlarge a farm or ranch,
purchase easements or rights of way needed in the farm's operation, build or
improve buildings, promote soil and water conservation and development and pay
closing costs.


Farm operating loan funds may be used to purchase livestock, poultry, farm
equipment, fertilizer, and other materials necessary to operate a successful
farm, and also living expenses, refinancing debts, salaries for laborers,
installing or improving water systems for home, livestock, or irrigation use,
and similar improvements.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                              28 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     Western Kansas World (Wakeeny, Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 4, 2010

FSA Targets Funds for Socially Disadvantaged Farmers

BYLINE: Western Kansas World staff

LENGTH: 385  words


Randal Thiel, Farm Loan Manager of the USDA Farm Service Agency for Graham,
Ellis, Rooks, Sheridan and Trego counties, announced the availability of farm
operating and farm ownership loans for women and members of minority groups who
want to purchase or operate a family-size farm.

"Each year, the Farm Service Agency earmarks a portion of its farm loan funding
for socially disadvantaged applicants, people who have been subjected to racial,
ethnic or gender inequality without regard to their individual qualities.
Socially disadvantaged applicants may be women, African Americans, American
Indians, Hispanics, Asian and Pacific Islanders and Alaskan Natives.

While funding is earmarked for loans to socially disadvantaged applicants, loan
approval is neither automatic nor guaranteed. Socially disadvantaged applicants
must meet the same eligibility criteria as other applicants. Applicants must be
U.S citizens; have a satisfactory history of meeting credit obligations; have
sufficient education, training or experience managing or operating a farm;
possess legal capacity to incur debt; and, be unable to obtain credit elsewhere.

The agency can make direct loans to applicants who are unable to get commercial
credit or provide loan guarantees to commercial lenders. Guaranteed loans may be
made by any lending institution subject to Federal or state supervision (banks,
savings and loans, and units of the Farm Credit System). FSA typically
guarantees 90 or 95 percent of the loan against any loss that might be incurred
if the loan fails.

Applicants can use operating loans to purchase livestock, equipment, feed, seed
or pay other business related expenses. Operating loans are usually repaid in
one to seven years. Ownership loans provide capital to purchase or enlarge a
farm, construct or improve buildings, promote soil and water conservation and
pay closing costs. Direct ownership loan terms are up to 40 years while
guaranteed loan terms are established by the lender.

Qualified applicants receive information and assistance to develop sound
management practices, analyze problems and utilize available resources essential
for successful farming operations to cope with the changing agricultural
environment.

For more information, contact your local Farm Service Agency at the county USDA
Service Center.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WKW

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2010 Western Kansas World


                              29 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             October 2, 2011 Sunday

FSA Youth Operating Loan rates at 1.75 percent for October

BYLINE: Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 263 words


Oct. 02--Officials with the Weld County Farm Service Agency Farm Loan Program
announced this week that the October interest rate for the Youth Annual
Operating and Youth Term Operating loans is 1.75 percent fixed for seven years.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's FSA makes loans up to $5,000 to individual
rural youth to establish and operate income-producing projects of modest size in
connection with their participation in 4-H clubs, FFA and similar organizations.
The Youth Direct Farm Operating Loans' repayment terms may vary, but typically
will not exceed seven years for intermediate-term purposes. Annual operating
loans are generally repaid within 12 months or when the commodities produced are
sold. Youth loans may be used to buy livestock, equipment and supplies; buy,
rent, or repair tools and equipment; and pay operating expenses for running the
project.

Youth must be between 10 and 20 years old, be a citizen of the U.S. and be able
to conduct a modest income-producing project in a supervised program of work.
The youth must also be capable of planning, managing and operating the project
under guidance and assistance from a project adviser. The project adviser must
recommend the project and the loan, and also agree to provide adequate
supervision.

For more information about the Farm Service Agency loan program, contact the
local FSA office at (970) 356-8097, or visit online at www.fsa.usda.gov.

___ (c)2011 the Greeley Tribune (Greeley, Colo.) Visit the Greeley Tribune
(Greeley, Colo.) at www.greeleytribune.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111002-GY-FSA-Youth-Operating-Loan
-rates-at-1.75-percent-for-October-1002-20111002

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2011 Greeley Tribune


                              30 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     Western Kansas World (Wakeeny, Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 2, 2010

FSA Targets Funds for Disadvantaged Farmers

BYLINE: Western Kansas World staff

LENGTH: 451  words


Randal Thiel, Farm Loan Manager of the USD A Farm Service Agency for Ellis,
Graham, Rooks, Sheridan and Trego counties, announced the availability of farm
operating and farm ownership loans for women and members of minority groups who
want to purchase or operate a family-size farm.

Each year, the Farm Service Agency earmarks a portion of its farm loan funding
for socially disadvantaged applicants, people who have been subjected to racial,
ethnic or gender inequality without regard to their individual qualities.
Socially disadvantaged applicants may be women, African Americans, American
Indians, Hispanics, Asian and Pacific Islanders and Alaskan Natives.

While funding is earmarked for loans to socially disadvantaged applicants, loan
approval is neither automatic nor guaranteed.

Socially disadvantaged applicants must meet the same eligibility criteria as
other applicants. Applicants must be U.S citizens; have a satisfactory history
of meeting credit obligations; have sufficient education, training or experience
managing or operating a farm; possess legal capacity to incur debt; and, be
unable to obtain credit elsewhere.

The agency can make direct loans to applicants who are unable to get commercial
credit or provide loan guarantees to commercial lenders.

Guaranteed loans may be made by any lending institution subject to Federal or
state supervision (banks, savings and loans, and units of the Farm Credit
System). FSA typically guarantees 90 or 95 percent of the loan against any loss
that might be incurred if the loan fails.

Applicants can use operating loans to purchase livestock, equipment, feed, seed
or pay other business related expenses. Operating loans are usually repaid in
one to seven years.

Ownership loans provide capital to purchase or enlarge a farm, construct or
improve buildings, promote soil and water conservation and pay closing costs.
Direct ownership loan terms are up to 40 years while guaranteed loan terms are
established by the lender.

Qualified applicants receive information and assistance to develop sound
management practices, analyze problems and utilize available resources essential
for successful farming operations to cope with the changing agricultural
environment.

In Fiscal Year 2009, Kansas obligated $8, 568, 210 for a total of 132 loans to
qualified farmers under the Socially Disadvantaged Persons Loan Program. We also
obligated $54, 133, 329 for a total of 539 loans to qualified farmers under the
Beginning Farmer Program.

For more information, contact your local Farm Service Agency at 100 N. 12th
Avenue, Hill City, KS 67642 or phone (785) 421 - 2115. Let FSA be Your Lender of
First Opportunity! USDA is an equal opportunity employer and provider.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WKW

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2010 Western Kansas World


                              31 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                          September 3, 2008 Wednesday
                                  All Editions

USDA loan limits increased for farms

SECTION: Pg. B3

LENGTH: 296 words

DATELINE: WARREN


Farm ownership may be closer for some people after the recent announcement that
loan limits have been raised for farm ownership.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency said limits that were
at $200,000 have been increased to $300,000 for farm ownership and operating
loans, the first increase in 24 years.

"FSA is working with farmers at the local level and has already started making
loans with this higher limit," FSA's Farm Loan Chief Deborah Dufour said. "FSA
strives to be the lender of first opportunity and is proud to help the
hardworking Americans in Maine who were struggling with the high costs of
running a family farm, especially beginning and socially disadvantaged
producers."

Dufour explained that direct loans are a resource for farmers to obtain the
credit they need to build and sustain family farms. Despite continual increases
in farm input costs, FSA loan limits had remained unchanged since 1984.

"The increased loan limits are expected to help farmers whose credit
requirements could not previously be met by the FSA loan limits. In addition,
some existing FSA borrowers who have already reached the previous limit of
$200,000 will now be eligible to obtain additional credit from FSA," Dufour
said.

Direct farm loans are made by FSA with Government funds. FSA also services these
loans and provides direct loan borrowers with supervision and business planning
so they have a better chance for success. Farm ownership, operating, emergency
and youth loans are the main types of loans available under the direct program.
Direct loan funds also are set aside each year for loans to socially
disadvantaged and beginning farmers.

Farmers interested in applying for a direct operating or farm ownership loan
should contact their local FSA office.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 Bangor Daily News


                              32 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 Walsh County Press (Park River, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 27, 2013

Farm Service Agency introduces new microloan program

BYLINE: Walsh County Press staff

LENGTH: 248  words


PARK RIVER, N.D. -- Don Tongen, Farm Loan Manager for the Farai Service Agency
in Walsh County, announced a new Microloan program to increase lending
opportunities with financing up to 35K. Microloans are direct farm operating
loans with a shortened application process and reduced paperwork designed to
meet the needs of smaller, non-traditional, and niche type operations.

"The program will offer more flexible access to credit and will serve as an
attractive loan alternative for smaller farming operations like specialty crop
producers and operators of community supported agriculture (CSA)," said Tongen.
"Apprentice and mentorship programs, non-farm business experience, and farm
labor experience are acceptable alternative solutions for helping to meet farm
experience and managerial requirements."

Operating loans may be used to purchase items such as livestock and feed; farm
equipment; fuel, farm chemicals, seed, insurance and other operating costs,
including family living expenses; minor improvements or repairs to buildings, or
refinance certain farm-related debts, excluding real estate.

Operating loan funds cannot be used to finance nonfarm enterprises, including
earthworms, exotic birds, tropical fish, dogs or horses used for non-farm
purposes (racing, pleasure, show and boarding).

The maximum loan amount for a Microloan is $35,000. There is no down payment
requirement.

For more information, you may contact the Walsh County FSA office in Park River
at 701-284-7771 Ext 2.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WAL

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2013 Walsh County Press


                              33 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 7, 2014 Tuesday

Farm Loan Pilot Projects

LENGTH: 2033  words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


Office of Federal Register, Government of US has issued the following news
release:


Action

Notice And Request For Comment.
Summary

The Farm Service Agency (FSA) will conduct pilot projects of limited scope and
duration to evaluate processes and techniques that may improve the efficiency
and effectiveness of the Farm Loan Programs (FLP) real estate loans (also
referred to as "farm ownership loans"), operating loans, emergency loans, and
administrative provisions, as required by the Agricultural Act of 2014 (the 2014
Farm Bill). This notice provides an opportunity for the public to provide
comments for FSA to consider for pilot projects. FSA expects to conduct at least
two to three pilot projects.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    Background
    FLP Pilot Projects

DATES: Back to Top

We will consider comments that we receive by November 7, 2014.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

We invite you to submit comments on this notice. In your comment, include
volume, date, and page number of this issue of the Federal Register. You may
submit comments by any of the following methods:

Federal eRulemaking Portal: Go to http://www.regulations.gov. Follow the online
instructions for submitting comments.
    Mail: Carrie L. Novak, Senior Loan Officer, LMD DAFLP FSA, US Department of
Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Stop 0522, Washington, DC 20250-0522.

Comments will be available for viewing online at http://www.regulations.gov. In
addition, comments will be available for public inspection at the above address
during business hours from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday, except
holidays.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Carrie Novak; phone: (202) 720-1643. Persons with disabilities who require
alternative means for communication of information for this notice (Braille,
large print, audiotape, etc.) should contact USDA's TARGET Center at (202)
720-2600 (voice).
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

Background Back to Top

FSA makes and services a variety of direct and guaranteed loans to farmers who
are temporarily unable to obtain private commercial credit. FSA also provides
direct loan customers with credit counseling and supervision to enhance their
opportunity for success. FSA loan applicants are often beginning farmers and
socially disadvantaged farmers who do not qualify for conventional loans because
of insufficient net worth or established farmers who have suffered financial
setbacks due to natural disasters or economic downturns. FSA loans are tailored
to a customer's needs and may be used to buy farmland and to finance
agricultural production.

FSA makes direct and guaranteed operating and farm ownership loans to eligible
farmers and ranchers. Under its direct operating loan program, FSA also makes
loans to youths to establish and operate income-producing projects of modest
size in connection with their participation in 4-H clubs, Future Farmers of
America, and similar organizations. Guaranteed loans are made through private
lenders with a guarantee of up to 95 percent of the loss of principal and
interest. Direct and guaranteed operating loans can be used to purchase
livestock, equipment, feed, seed, and other material essential to a farm or
ranch operation.

Direct and guaranteed farm ownership loan funds may be used to purchase land,
construct buildings, or make farm improvements. Guaranteed operating and farm
ownership loans may also be used to refinance debt. FSA also provides assistance
to beginning and socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers under its Direct
Farm Ownership Down Payment Loan Program, and provides retiring farmers the
opportunity to transfer their land to future generations of farmers and
ranchers.

FSA also targets a portion of its direct and guaranteed operating loan and farm
ownership loan funds to beginning farmers and ranchers and socially
disadvantaged applicants.

Emergency loans are available to established farmers and ranchers who have
suffered losses as a result of a natural disaster or quarantine.
FLP Pilot Projects Back to Top

Section 5302 of the 2014 Farm Bill amends the Consolidated Farm and Rural
Development Act (also known as the CONACT) to provide the Secretary authority to
conduct pilot projects of limited scope and duration to evaluate processes and
techniques that may improve the efficiency and effectiveness of real estate
loans, operating loans, emergency loans, and administrative provisions (7 U.S.C.
1983d). Processes and techniques can be as specific as the manner in which
applications for assistance are submitted (for example, through electronic
submissions), or as broad as more effective methods of outreach on programs for
existing and potential customers.

FSA is constantly identifying ways to improve services and is interested in
hearing what kinds of pilots our customers, stakeholders, and other members of
the public want to see. FSA wants to hear how we can better serve our customers
and understand their needs. The following are examples of initiatives that FSA
has already taken to improve efficiency and effectiveness for FLP.

One way that FSA has made improvements is by expanding credit opportunities for
farmers and ranchers with the Microloan Program. A Microloan is a small direct
farm operating loan with a shortened application process and reduced paperwork.
In addition, modifications were made to the experience requirement to allow for
mentors and apprenticeships. This has already helped farmers.

FSA has recently released a recent package of technology enhancements that
include Web access for handheld and smartphone users, as well as a more
efficient and timely option for receiving news and critical program information.
The technology improvements will allow users of FSA information to gain access
to easy-to-read data, including key features such as loan deficiency payment
rates, posted county prices, FSA news releases and AskFSA, the agency's online
self-help knowledge base.

A recently revised policy allows FSA to issue farm loan guarantees to
nontraditional lenders. A nontraditional lender is one that does not typically
hold deposit accounts and is not subject to oversight and supervision. The most
common nontraditional lenders are those who are funded under the U.S. Department
of Treasury's Community Development Financial Institutions Fund. Nontraditional
lenders can originate, hold and service guaranteed loans. The goal is to improve
and maintain the quality of rural communities. This goal is accomplished by
assisting rural communities, individuals, groups, and support organizations with
viable rural development enterprises. FSA has worked with traditional lenders in
the past, but is now expanding to work with both traditional and nontraditional
lenders.

FSA is currently operating a pilot project in digital signatures. The Electronic
Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act (Pub. L. 106-229) ensures that a
signature, contract, or other record relating to such transaction may not be
denied legal effect, validity, or enforceability solely because it is in
electronic form. It is an FSA policy decision whether a certain electronic
format is practicable for a certain transaction.

This digital signature pilot will allow FSA to evaluate the use of this
available technology, potential cost and time savings, and determine whether it
is practical for FLP and Farm Programs (FP) purposes. This will assist FSA to
develop policy to not only allow the use of digital signatures by FSA officials,
but by producers, FLP applicants, borrowers, and lenders as well. The pilot is
to be conducted in Indiana and Texas; digital signatures are only authorized for
certain FLP and FP documents.

FSA is requesting comments that will be used to develop recommendations for
pilot projects that will meet the intended goals to evaluate processes and
techniques that may improve the efficiency and effectiveness of real estate
loans, operating loans, emergency loans, and administrative provisions. The
pilot projects may diverge from program regulations at 7 CFR parts 761 through
767, but the pilot projects must be consistent with the existing statutory
provisions governing Real Estate Loans, Operating Loans, Emergency Loans, and
Administrative Provisions (see 7 U.S.C. Chapter 50, subchapters I through IV for
the details of these CONACT provisions). For example, a suggestion could be for
projects that provide financial and management assistance to eligible family
farmers for authorized loan purposes. Additional information on FLP policies and
procedures is available in FSA handbooks 1-FLP through 6-FLP at
http://www.fsa.usda.gov/FSA/webapp?area=home&subject=lare&topic=hbk.

The following questions provide examples of loan making and servicing concerns
that may be helpful to consider for your comment:

How can FSA better reach and serve veterans, especially returning veterans who
plan to start or return to farming?
    How can FSA encourage lending for urban agriculture?
    What pricing models can be developed or expanded to assist loan officers in
lending to producers who sell traditional and specialty agricultural products at
non-traditional markets?
    What types of borrower training systems can be explored to provide long term
economic benefits to agricultural producers?
    Should FSA explore the use of credit scores for small, streamlined loan
applications?
    Are there alternative lenders and financers (grocery chains, implement and
feed dealers, community development organizations) that could partner and
improve service to joint customers as well as strengthen their own business
needs?
    What type of consulting service could be developed to assist existing
borrowers to be more productive and successful?
    How can the role of a mentor be expanded beyond microloans?
    What are other methods that an applicant can successfully prove experience
and managerial ability?

In your comment it will be most helpful to:

Explain the proposed pilot project in as much detail as possible, including the
issue or concern to be addressed and the intended benefit(s);
    Provide specific examples to illustrate your points;
    Describe whether the project is intended to benefit any particular region,
type of agricultural producer (organic, direct market, wholesale, etc.), or end
customer; and
    Outline any potential costs or costs savings and the basis for the
assumptions.

At the conclusion of the comment period, FSA staff will review and consider all
of the suggestions in the comments.

As required by the 2014 Farm Bill, at least 60 days before initiating a pilot
project, the Secretary will submit notice of the proposed pilot project to the
Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on
Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate. FSA will also consider any
feedback provided to the Secretary in response to that notice.

FSA expects to select at least two to three pilot projects. FSA will announce
the pilot projects through news release.

FSA expects that one of the results of the pilot project will help expand
service to underserved producers. For example, in remote areas, such as Indian
Country, distance and travel time make it extremely difficult to establish the
network of contacts essential for effective outreach and to provide technical
assistance. FSA lacks the necessary knowledge and staff resources to overcome
language and cultural barriers for some minority communities and provide
effective outreach and technical assistance. In such situations, partnerships
with local organizations could use existing networks and expertise to provide
effective outreach and technical assistance and expand participation. This is
one example of how FSA may carry out some pilot projects.

In addition to this notice, general information about FSA's administration of
FLP is also available on the FSA Web site at
http://www.fsa.usda.gov/FSA/webapp?area=home&subject=fmlp&topic=landing.

Signed on September 30, 2014.

Val Dolcini,

Administrator, Farm Service Agency.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

As the 'Green Line' Advances, Some Farmers Still Lack Needed Funds

                            March 28, 1985, Thursday

By RICHARD RINGER

DATELINE: CHICAGO


A farmer writing a check for seed suddenly paused when he heard other farmers
near him moaning because they lacked the money to do the same.

''I better go check with my banker,'' the farmer told the seed dealer upon
hearing the sighs of his fellow farmers. ''I may be worse off than I thought I
was.''

That incident, retold by Richard Johnson, general manager of Minneapolis-based
Cargill Seeds, bespeaks the financial condition of many farmers as another
planting season approaches. Farmers either have obtained loans to buy the seed
and fertilizer to stay in business for another year, or they are trying
desperately to find financing.

Traditionally, March 1 is when farmers try to have their operating or production
loans arranged. The date is partly a psychological deadline for farmers. In most
parts of the country, soggy fields and inclement weather make planting
impossible for at least several more weeks. But if a farmer has his credit lined
up, a big worry is weeded out.

Yet with March almost gone, some farmers still have to worry about getting a
loan. For these farmers, the accumulated debt of the last several years and the
unlikelihood of making a profit this year erodes their chances of getting a loan
this spring.

Seed is among the first purchases farmers make after getting operating loans
approved, and seed dealers typically prefer to make cash sales. Any credit that
is extended is of the short-term variety. Early sales trends of seed, therefore,
provide a reasonable indication of just how tight credit conditions are, as well
as the number of farmers who qualify for or anticipate getting loans.

So far, seed companies report good sales volume. Early sales figures at Cargill
Seed are up several million dollars over the same time last year, said Mr.
Johnson, the company's general manager. Mr. Johnson attributed much of the gain
to discounts that are available to farmers who purchase seed early, a program
many of the large seed companies offer.

Uncollected Payments Up

At the same time, Mr. Johnson said uncollected payments carried over to this
year are double that of three years ago. And the fact that sale cancellations
are beginning to increase may be a strong indication that some farmers are
finding it difficult to get operating loans.

Farmers apparently can't get loans for purchases, or, if they rent land to farm,
are cutting back on the acreage they intend to plant this year, said Mr.
Johnson.

Pioneer Hi-Bred International Inc., a Des Moines company that is among the
largest sellers of corn seed, reports that early indications for sales volume of
all seeds during the company's quarter ending Feb. 28 was about equal to last
year's mark. However, the preliminary results show that the number of customers
is down a bit, said Jim Ansorge, the company's manager of financial relations.

That could mean fewer farmers may get loans for planting, but those farmers will
be planting all or nearly all their tillable acreage.

Some farmers, said Mr. Ansorge, may have delayed buying seed because they have
not yet satisfactorily completed the paperwork that commercial banks and other
lenders now require in applying for loans. The documentation is a ''new
experience for some,'' said Mr. Ansorge.

Whatever the case, the ''green line'' - or the line demarcating the region where
good weather has arrived to enable farmers to plant - is now in Oklahoma and
quickly moving northward. And unless the farmers without loan agreements soon
get them, it may be too late. ''It's going to be an interesting 30 days and a
tough 30 days for a lot of farmers who don't have financing arranged,''
Cargill's Mr. Johnson recently predicted.

Time Growing Short

''It's getting a little late'' if farmers don't have credit arranged, said James
D. Herrington, chairman and president of the Coldwater National Bank in
Coldwater, Kan., which is north of the Oklahoma border. The bank has assets of
$11 million, 90% of it in agricultural-related loans.

Land used for grazing cattle is already turning green, and farmers are beginning
to prepare the land for planting in the Coldwater area, said Mr.  Herrington.
Yet every week, two or three farmers who have been told by their previous
lenders that loans won't be extended this year stray into the Coldwater bank
hoping to get a loan. But Coldwater National isn't making loans to any new
customers, said Mr. Herrington.

Francis A. Voit, executive vice president of Citizens State Bank of Loyal, Wis.,
is expecting a rush of farmers in the next several weeks seeking operating
loans. With almost a month elapsed after the March 1 deadline, about 40% of the
bank's agricultural borrowers have not arranged operating credits.  The bank,
which has about 70% of its $38 million in assets in agricultural related loans,
is located in Wisconsin's dairy region. The difference between dairy and grain
farming allows operating loans for dairymen to be made later than those for
grain farmers.

Still, the number of farmers with operating loans not in place by the beginning
of March was higher than normal, said Mr. Voit.

Farmers applying for loans are finding more stringent credit standards.  There
is little lending being done on the basis of the appraised value of farm land.
Today, farmers must be able to show not only that they can make a profit but the
ability to repay their debts.

Closer Scrutiny in Dairy Country

The Bank of Osseo, Osseo, Wis., is taking a ''harder look'' than ever before at
farm borrowers, said Greg Le Gare, an agricultural representative at the bank,
also in the dairy region. Mr. Le Gare said that with about two-thirds of loan
analysis completed, his bank has concluded that about 3% of last year's
borrowers won't get credit this year. He characterized that number as being ''a
shade higher'' than normal.

Included in the tougher analysis, said Mr. Le Gare, is a statistical look of the
farm's operating expenses and income. ''Some people are looking at it real good,
and some people won't want to look at their mess,'' he said.

Gene Malone, assistant director of information for the American Farm Bureau
Federation, said that the number of farmers encountering problems qualifying for
operating loans has been increasing. He estimated that between 8% and 12% of the
nation's farmers are having a difficult time getting operating loans from
commercial banks, Production Credit Associations, and the Farmers Home
Administration.

A survey published earlier this month by the U.S. Department of Agriculture
found that 70,000 farms of all sizes, or 3.2% of the 2.2 million farms in the
country, were technically insolvent at the start of the year.

In addition, another 73,000 farms, or 3.3% of all farms, had debts equal to 70%
of assets. The report noted that at current levels of interest rates and farm
income, farmers with debts equaling 40% of total assets face cash flow problems
and financial stress.

Farm banks are ''not lending any more than they have to,'' said Steven R.
Schroll, an analyst with Dain Bosworth Inc. in Minneapolis. The banks are
restructuring prior loans and servicing existing loans but aren't making many
new loans, he said.

Farmers, too, aren't finding much help from the federal government, said Mr.
Schroll. He said that not much of the $650 million the government set aside for
farm operating loans has been disbursed to farmers.

SECTION: Agricultural Lending; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 1234 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                              35 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                     Agweek

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 23, 2009 Tuesday

FSA loan programs gain in tightening ag economy

BYLINE: Mikkel Pates, Agweek Magazine

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 936 words


Jun. 23--FARGO, N.D. -- Demand for the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Farm
Service Agency loans in the region is higher than normal and has overtopped the
available funds in some categories, although administrators expect those funds
to be available as a bill passes Congress.

Curt Thoreson, farm loan program director FSA in North Dakota, says his agency
since last December has changed its unofficial slogan from the "Lender of Last
Resort" to the "Lender of First Opportunity" to emphasize its beginning farmer
programs.

"Here in North Dakota, for sure, we think our niche is helping young folks get
started," Thoreson says. "That's why we say 'the lender of first opportunity.'"
"Overall, we're seeing, probably, is that our demand is higher -- especially in
the amount of dollars we've funded and stockpiled. That has shown a dramatic
increase over last year. The number of loans funded has also gone up."

There are generally three primary categories of FSA loans -- operating loans,
real estate ownership and guaranteed loans -- all with subgroups.

Here are summaries of the activities:

-- Operating loans: This year's direct operating loan funds lent so far stands
at about $26 million, involving 341 loans. As of May 6, there were loans
totaling another $2.2 million "stockpiled," or approved and waiting for funding.

Lent funds in this category already showed a 40 percent increase from last
year's total of $18.5 million, with about 300 loans last year.

"I'd say factors affecting the increase are that the livestock economy has hurt
a lot of our producers and they're coming to us for some funding," Thoreson
says. "Cattle prices took a drop and people were buying feed for their cattle
last fall, already, due to drought. Also, we have increased our limits from
$200,000 last year to $300,000 per borrower."

Thoreson also says some of the activity is a result of some farmers having
problems marketing crops -- just getting them off the farm to sell -- because of
spring flooding and infrastructure damage. Loans are not tracked county by
county, so more detail is not yet available.

Thoreson cannot confirm whether there is any local tightening in the private
sector lending, as Doug Caruso, administrator of the FSA discussed in a June 11
hearing in Congress.

He says that the May 6 date was significant because that's when national
officials directed states to take any money that had been allocated to the state
and return extra funds to a national "pool," which would be administrated from
Washington. At that time, North Dakota had $4 million in unused funds in the
operating loan category.

"We're seeing a very late year in operating loan applications," Thoreson says.
"That's part of the problem. For some reason, with the winter, the late spring,
we're seeing applications very late this year. We're still getting applications
in daily."

Thoreson expects direct operating loan applications to drop, however, through
the end of the fiscal year, which ends Sept. 30.

-- Farm ownership: Overall, Thoreson expects activity here to be about the same
as 2008, when $11.5 million were lent. This year, the FSA has lent $3.6 million,
but has about $9.1 million of stockpiled applications, which he expects will be
funded if a supplemental appropriations passes through Congress as originally
proposed.

"Actually, it looks like it will have more than we planned," Thoreson says.

Thoreson says this activity has been healthy, probably influenced by two good
crop and financial years in 2007 and 2008. Within this category there are four
major sub-categories: -- Direct standard farm ownership: These are for standard
borrowers, with an interest rate in the 4 percent to 5 percent range and fixed
over 40 years.

-- Beginning farmer loans: This has the same terms as the standard loans, but is
its own category to reserve funds for beginning farmers. Here, the agency has
funded more than $2 million already, with another 18 loans stockpiled. There had
been little use for this category in 2008.

-- Down payment program: Here, FSA provides 45 percent of the purchase price at
45 percent of the appraised value, or $225,000 maximum. This is at 4 percent
below the direct farm ownership rate, or a minimum of 1.5 percent, and a down
payment of 5 percent, with a maximum of a 20-year term.

-- Joint financing: This is where the borrower gets 50 percent of their real
estate loan from the FSA and 50 percent from some other private source, whether
it's some private lender, the Bank of North Dakota and North Dakota Rural Rehab
Corp.

-- Loan guarantees: None of these loans are stockpiled for the operating loans,
for the purchase of things like machinery and livestock.

"We're down about $14 million in applications for loan guarantees from the same
time, at about $38.8 million" Thoreson says.

The state handled $52 million in guarantees through the whole year 2008.

Here, the FSA offers a guarantee of up to 90 percent of the loan value if the
loan should default. This is for producers who want to continue to deal with
their private lender, but tend to be used when these loans are getting a little
riskier.

Farm ownership loan guarantees so far this year are about $10 million, less than
last year's $12.9 million total for this time of year.

To see more of Agweek, or to subscribe to the magazine, go to
http://www.agweek.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Agweek Magazine Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090623-AW-FARM-LOANS-20090623

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AW


                             Copyright 2009 Agweek


                              36 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Agriculture: Shopping Online for Tractors - and Mortgages

                           August 24, 2000, Thursday

BY CRAIG WOKER



Agricultural bankers like to boast about how well they know their customers, but
Larry J. Lanie, president of Farm Bureau Bank in Sparks, Nev., has never met
most of the 1,000-plus farmers who have accounts with his bank.

In fact, few of those customers have even visited the bank's sole branch.
That's because Farm Bureau Bank, with $156 million of assets, exists only in
cyberspace. Conceived by the nation's largest farm trade group, the one-year-old
bank is aiming to fill a void it believes has been left in rural markets where
big banks have acquired smaller ones.

"The Internet is the great equalizer in today's financial services environment,"
said Mr. Lanie, the bank's president and chief executive officer.  "You can be a
tiny community bank and have the ability to access customers all over the
country. We're reaching out to farm customers in rural areas that larger
institutions ignore."

As if to emphasize the irrelevance of distance in the Internet age, Mr.  Lanie
actually works two time zones away from Sparks, at the bank's operations center
in San Antonio.  Farmers and the Internet might seem like an odd mix, but the
"Hee Haw" image of agriculture has faded as farmers turn to computers and other
sophisticated technology to help run their businesses.  According to the
Department of Agriculture, 47% of the country's 1.9 million farms had computers
last year, and 29% of farms had Internet access in 1999 - more than double the
13% of two years earlier. And with farmers already buying everything from
tractors to bull sperm at sites such as Farmbid.com and Breednet.com, bankers
say that it is only logical that the nation's farmers - who owed $173 billion on
agricultural loans in 1999 - would start shopping around the Internet for
financial services.

"It's the wave of the future," said Ron Raney, an executive vice president of
$43 million-asset Hampton State Bank in Hampton, Iowa. "If farmers start to look
online for loans, we need to be ready." Mr. Raney's bank started a Web site four
years ago that provides information on agricultural loans and even includes a
calculator to help farmers estimate the payment on different types of loans. The
site also contains links to sites that provide information such as crop prices
at the Chicago Board of Trade and up-to-date weather forecasts.

But the boundaryless Internet has its limitations. Hampton State Bank, like most
agricultural banks with Web sites, does not offer online applications for
operating or real estate loans.

Bankers said they would like to sell these products online but are inhibited by
geography. For instance, most operating loans are designed for farmers to borrow
in the spring, before planting, and repay after harvest rather than monthly.

Bankers said they cannot make such loans out-of-area because to protect
themselves they must inspect the collateral to ensure that farmers have bought
and planted the seed they said they would.  Other agricultural loans, such as
those for land, also can pose a problem. Banks usually sell these long-term
loans to secondary-market firms such as Farmer Mac, but they often try to earn
fee income by servicing the loan - something they say is easier done with loans
close to home.  Even Farm Bureau Bank, which is affiliated with the five
million-member American Farm Bureau Federation and is designed to serve only
farmers, has limited its financial service offerings to simply structured
products such as money market accounts, car loans, and mortgages. The bank does
not plan to consider offering farm operating or real estate loans for at least a
couple of years.  "If you're going to use the Internet, how do you target it?
That's the million-dollar question for ag bankers," said Mike Cowley, an
assistant vice president in the agricultural department at First Victoria
National Bank in Victoria, Tex.  First Victoria, with $553 million of assets, is
one ag bank that has found a niche on the Web. Its Web site allows farmers to
fill out applications for one type of operating loan - cattle feedlot financing.

Most feedlots are in the arid Southwest. Dozens or even hundreds of farmers rent
pens from the lot owner and jointly raise their animals for slaughter,
benefiting from volume pricing on feed and veterinary care. (By contrast, in
such midwestern states as Illinois and Wisconsin, rich in pastureland, cattle
can graze economically on individual farms.) Because First Victoria can lend to
multiple farmers at these centralized feedlots, it conducts multiple collateral
inspections at a time - making Internet marketing feasible. The bank focuses on
feedlots in Texas, New Mexico, and Oklahoma but says it would go farther if a
large enough client came along.

"The geographic concerns aren't as pressing," Mr. Cowley said.  A longtime
supplier of risk management software for farm loans claims to have devised an
even broader solution to the geographic challenge.  In early July, Equity
Consultants Inc., which sells the Farm Equity Manager software used by more than
2,000 banks, launched a site called Onlineequity.com. The Glenwood, Iowa,
company said the site should help pair community banks with farm borrowers.

Onlineequity.com allows farmers to apply online for virtually any type of loan -
operating, real estate, or machinery. The company processes the loan application
and compares the borrowers' financial position to the credit-quality and
geographical of its participating bank.

The site returns up to eight banks that would be willing to make the loan, along
with their rates. To be listed on the site, banks pay $15 a month for the first
20 ZIP codes they want to target plus a referral fee based on the number of
leads they receive.  "This allows banks to expand a little outside of their
trade area, but not so far away that it's not economical," said Kevin Britten,
vice president of corporate alliances for Onlineequity.com. Mr. Britten hopes to
have 1,000 banks signed up within a year.  Royal Bank of Canada is also devising
a way over the geographic hurdle for Canadian farmers. But if the idea works,
the $280 billion-asset bank said other banks on both sides of the border are
sure to follow with a similar product

Royal Bank, which controls about 30% of the Canadian market for agricultural
loans, was preparing this summer to test-market a business credit card on the
bank's Web site. The card would offer farmers a credit limit of $100,000 - or
even more - and would be designated for agricultural operating expenses.

The bank said it believes the card could complement other agricultural products,
such as term loans for equipment, already available on its Web site.

The card would make it unnecessary for farmers going to fill out operating- loan
paperwork each year at a Royal Bank branch. Instead they would use the card for
their chemical, feed, fertilizer, and other expenses. The bank would mail a
suggested repayment schedule.  Because the card loans are unsecured, Royal Bank
plans to charge a higher rate - 2.75% above prime, versus 1% to 2% above prime
for traditional operating loans secured by collateral. The bank says that some
farmers would prefer to pay the extra amount rather than prepare operating
statements, financial forms, and loan applications each year.  "The card is more
akin to other behaviors people have on the Web - they want to deal with things
on their schedule rather than on ours," said Scott Manns, national manager for
farming and lifestyle agriculture at Royal Bank.

And this is only the beginning for farmers on the Internet, Mr. Manns predicts.

"The Web opens up this whole new world to them," he said. "They no longer have
to be near a large money-center - or even a town - to get all this information
on financial services and to find all these options."

Copyright c 2000 American Banker, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING ; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 1333 words

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo, Larry Lanie

                      Copyright 2000 American Banker, Inc.


                              37 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Many - but Not All - Midwest States Helping Farmers with Credit

                            April 30, 1985, Tuesday

By ANDREA BENNETT

DATELINE: CHICAGO


As the planting deadline nears, many Midwest states have put into place
emergency credit programs to make sure farmers will have money to plant crops
this year.

In recent weeks, Illinois, Indiana, Minnesota, Montana, North Dakota, Ohio, and
Wisconsin have either put into place new programs or expanded existing state
programs to get funds to farmers. Farm aid packages are also being considered in
Kansas, Michigan, and Missouri.

Farm states are making unprecedented forays into the area of farm credit - once
exclusively the preserve of the federal government - after deeming recent
federal efforts inadequate to help farmers this spring. Most programs at the
state level are meant to provide short-term help and make sure farmers are able
to get loans that will let them plant crops.

''It's going to take more than just a loan bill,'' said state Rep. Jerry Burch,
sponsor of a farm credit package in Missouri. But, he said, states must do
something, because ''the rug has been pulled out from under them on the federal
level.''

Farm credit has been one of the most hotly debated issues in several of the
states, with tempers running high. In the Missouri General Assembly, after the
state Senate killed a farm aid bill overwhelmingly passed by the House, the
entire membership of the House marched on the Senate to lobby for the bill. The
House hadn't stormed the Senate in that manner since 1961.

Those states still considering legislation for farm aid are expected to act
within the next few weeks, as farmers begin to head into the fields to plant.
The time when farmers actually do that varies from state to state, but most
should be in the fields by the end of April.

''We have missed some of the spring season,'' Rep. Burch said. Most Missouri
farmers begin planting at the end of April, but Mr. Burch pointed out that
Missouri is a double-crop state, with many farmers going back to the fields to
plant soybeans later in the summer. ''I don't think there's such a thing as too
late,'' he said.

However, it is believed to be too late for farm aid in the two states that are
often thought to be in the worst trouble because of the poor farm economy.
Bankers in Iowa and Nebraska said that they do not expect any help at the state
level for farmers in their states.

Wes Ehrecke, government relations director for the Iowa Bankers Association,
said the state ran out of time trying to implement various plans debated in the
General Assembly. He said there was a possibility that farm credit aid might be
put together next year.

Stan Matzke, executive vice president of the Nebraska Bankers Association, said
farm states like Nebraska are finding it difficult to come up with funds to help
farmers as the ailing farm economy reduces state revenues.

''We've been working the Farmers Home Administration program pretty hard and
having some successes,'' Mr. Matzke said. He said activity in the administration
program has picked up dramatically in recent weeks, and he was optimistic in his
thinking that most farmers would be able to get operating loans.

Among the actions taken or being considered by states:

* Illinois - In early February, the state allocated about $105 million for
low-interest farm loans. Under the program, the state deposits money in banks at
low interest rates. The banks then loan the money to farmers at no more than
2.5% above the rate paid to the state for the deposits. The state increased its
allocation by $50 million in mid-March, after receiving requests for $244
million in farm loans, the treasurer's office said.

In mid-April, the state also authorized a $25 million farm credit relief package
to reduce farmers' interest rates on operating loans to 6% or 7% by the state
paying half the interest. The relief package calls for the farmers to repay the
state over a five-year period.

* Indiana - The state has put together a ''linked'' deposit, low-interest
subsidy program similar to Illinois'. Indiana has set aside $50 million that it
will place in banks as low-interest certificates of deposit, and the bank will
reloan the money to farmers. Initial loan rates to farmers could range from 5.5%
to 8%.

* Kansas - The Kansas Senate has passed an interest subsidy bill that would
allow bankers to reduce interest rates on operating loans by up to 3%.  The
state would subsidize the writedown by allowing banks to take a credit against
the Kansas franchise tax over a five-year period. The bill would allow about $15
million in interest rates to be written down, said Harold Stones, executive vice
president of the Kansas Bankers Association. The bill has the support of the
governor, but the real test of its popularity should come in the House of
Representatives, Mr. Stones said. It may be considered by the House during its
''veto'' session at the end of April.

* Michigan - A bill authorizing a $70 million farm loan program was introduced
into the Legislature in mid-April after state hearings on farm aid.  The
legislation, supported by Gov. James J. Blanchard, would authorize a ''linked
deposit'' program for low-interest farm loans similar to programs in Illinois
and Indiana.

* Minnesota - The Legislature passed a $25 million interest rate subsidy plan
this year. Two programs are available. In one, the state and lender join to
reduce interest rates on farm operating loans, with the state paying for
two-thirds of the writedown and the lender for the other third. Under the second
program, the state will pay a subsidy equal to 60 days' interest on a loan if
the lender agrees not to foreclose on the loan for 90 days.

* Missouri - A bill to subsidize interest rates on farm loans by using
''linked'' state deposits overwhelmingly passed the House but was defeated in
the Senate. It would have made $200 million available to banks to make farm
loans at 3% below market rate.

* Montana - A bill that would allow a state agricultural agency to guarantee
farm loans made by private lenders was recently signed into law.  Another bill
that would have allowed the state to transfer money out of its coal tax trust
fund for farm loans was defeated.

* North Dakota - Gov. George Sinner recently signed a bill that makes
low-interest operating loans available and also helps buy down interest rates on
farm loans.

* Ohio - Gov. Richard F. Celeste recently signed into law a bill to provide $100
million in ''linked'' state deposits to help write down interest rates on farm
operating loans by about 3%. The program is expected to help 1,000 to 3,000 of
the state's 90,000 farmers.

* Wisconsin - The state has committed $10 million to guarantee about $50 million
in loans by private lenders. It has set aside another $1 million to subsidize
interest rates. Under the second program, if a lender lowers loan rates to 11%,
the state will subsidize a further 2% drop. Ron McCrea, press secretary for Gov.
Anthony Earl, said there has been ''considerable activity'' in these programs.
He estimated they could help several thousand farmers in the state.

SECTION: AGRICULTURAL LENDING; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 1172 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                              38 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 28, 2016 Tuesday

Ag Secretary Vilsack to Provide Additional $500 Million for Farm Loans

LENGTH: 390  words

DATELINE: New York



 Atlanta: Growing Georgia has issued the following news release:



   Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack has notified Congress that he plans to tap
a $500 million discretionary fund to cover a projected shortfall in demand for
guaranteed farm ownership loans for the fiscal year ending Sept. 30, according
to USDA's Farm Service Agency, which administers the loan program.





 Low commodity prices and a dramatic decline in farm income over the past two
years have caused banks to become more cautious in their lending practices,
hence there is a greater demand for USDA guaranteed loans. The department's Farm
Service Agency has just about run out of the $2 billion Congress approved for
the guaranteed loan program, three months before the end of the fiscal year. FSA
is also looking at a projected shortfall in federally assisted farm operating
loans.



 "USDA is entering a brief period where there is a gap in funding earlier than
normal," said FSA spokesman Kent Politsch, who added that the situation is not
unusual.



 "People forget this happens frequently where one of the funds, or all of funds,
start to dwindle as they get closer to the end of fiscal year," he said. "We
don't tell farmers we're out of money and they can't come to us anymore. We tell
them the opposite, to continue to apply for credit. In many case the producer is
put on waiting list and when appropriates happen, they are the first to get
funds."



 In early June, eight national farm and financial organizations asked Congress
to increase funding for operating loans for the current fiscal year in the FY
2017 agricultural appropriations bill.



 The groups, including the National Sustainable Agriculture Coalition and the
American Bankers Association and the National Farmers Union, said an additional
$16.5 million in the spending bill for 2017 would make available additional $300
million in direct FSA operating loans and $350 million in FSA guarantees of
private sector commercial loans. These amounts would allow USDA to cover the
estimated shortfall of available loan dollars. The legislation currently
includes the USDA-requested program level of $1.46 billion for direct operating
loans, and $1.432 billion for guaranteed operating loans.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Ivanhoe Times (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 24, 2014

Farm loan programs modified under new 2014 Farm Bill

BYLINE: Ivanhoe Times staff

LENGTH: 439  words


WASHINGTON, D.C.-The new 2014 Farm Bill signed into law by President Barak Obama
on February 7, updates certain requirements and modifies several loan programs
administered by the Farm Service Agency (FSA).

Several areas that FSA customers can expect to take effect immediately as a
result of the new 2014 Farm Bill that has been signed into law are as follows:

The percent of guarantee offered on all Conservation Loans (CL) will increase
from 75 percent to 80 percent. The percent of guarantee will increase to 90
percent for CLs made to socially disadvantaged and beginning farmers.

The interest rate charged on Direct Farm Ownership loans that are made in
conjunction with other lenders is set at two percent below the regular Direct
Farm Ownership rate, with a floor of 2.5 percent.

The requirement for FSA to appraise the value of oil, gas or other minerals to
be used as collateral for Farm Ownership loans has been removed.

The maximum loan amount for down payment Farm Ownership loans increased to
$300,000 from $225,000, consistent with all other Direct Farm Ownership loans.

The rural residency requirement for Youth Loans is removed. Previously, to
qualify for a Youth Loan an applicant had to live in a rural area.

Micro loans made to beginning and veteran farmers and/or ranchers are exempt
from direct term limits. Term limits still apply for non-microloan direct loans
(regular operating loans and Farm Ownership loans).

A limited resource rate is available to beginning and veteran farmers who
receive a Microloan. Borrowers will be given a choice to accept the limited
resource rate or regular operating loan rate.

The restriction that an applicant could receive a Guarantee Operating Loan (OL)
for no more than 15 years has been eliminated.

The definition of a qualified beginning farmer or rancher is modified to set the
average size of farmland owned at no greater than 30 percent of the average size
farm. Previously, this definition used the median farm size which eliminated
many otherwise qualified applicants.

Debt forgiveness will no longer preclude a former Youth Loan borrower from
obtaining additional loans from any U.S. government agency. Additionally,
borrowers with Youth Loan debt forgiveness or who are delinquent on Youth Loan
debt can receive student loans. The servicing and collection of Youth Loans is
not affected by the statute and will continue under the present regulation. FSA
is revising the definition of debt forgiveness to comply with this statute.

Additional information regarding FSA Farm Loans or other FSA programs can be
found by visiting a nearby FSA Service Center or online at fsa.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IVN

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2014 Ivanhoe Times


                              40 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Florala News (Alabama)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 25, 2012

FSA targets funds for socially disadvantaged farmers

BYLINE: The Florala News staff

LENGTH: 443  words


USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA) in Alabama has new funds available for Socially
Disadvantaged Applicants (SDA) who want to purchase or operate a family-size
farm.

In fiscal year 2011, which ended September 30, 2011, Alabama FSA made 112 SDA
loans totaling $3.7 million, and guaranteed 23 SDA loans totaling more than
$10.4 million. Alabama FSA has six farm loan teams located in Coffee, DeKalb,
Elmore, Lawrence, Monroe and Tuscaloosa counties. SDA farmers serviced by the
Coffee County FSA farm loan team benefited from $782,000.00 in farm loans
disbursed in Fiscal Year 2011. The Coffee County FSA farm loan team serves
Barbour, Bullock, Butler, Coffee, Conecuh, Covington, Crenshaw, Dale, Escambia,
Geneva, Henry, Houston and Pike counties.

"An SDA farmer, rancher or agricultural producer is one of a group whose members
have been subjected to racial, ethnic or gender inequality without regard to
their individual qualities. SDA members include women, African Americans,
American Indians, Hispan-ics, Asian Americans, Pacific Islanders and Alaskan
Natives," said John H. Dor-rill, III, Farm Loan Manager for the Coffee County
FSA farm loan team.

The SDA program provides direct and guaranteed assistance in the form of farm
operating and farm ownership loans. Direct loans are made by FSA. Guaranteed
loans are issued by lending institutions; however, typically 90 percent of the
loan is guaranteed by FSA.

Operating loans may be used to purchase livestock, equipment, feed, seed and
other business related expenses. Repayment terms run from one to seven years.

Ownership loans provide capital to purchase or enlarge a farm, construct or
improve buildings, promote soil and water conservation and pay closing costs.
Direct ownership loan terms are up to 40 years. Guaranteed loan terms are
established by the lender.

Qualified candidates are provided information and assistance to develop sound
management practices, analyze problems and utilize available resources essential
for successful farming operations to cope with the changing agricultural
environment.

SDA loan applicants do not receive automatic approval. Individuals must be U.S.
citizens with a satisfactory history of meeting credit obligations; have
significant education, training or experience managing or operating a farm;
possess legal capacity to incur debt; and be unable to obtain credit elsewhere.

Special loan funds are also available for beginning farmers and ranchers.

Contact the Coffee County FSA farm loan team at 334-894-5581 Ext. 4 or the local
FSA Service Center Office for more information. Local offices are found under
the blue or government pages of local telephone directories.

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FLR

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2012 The Florala News


                              41 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 31, 2016 Monday

Farm Lending Decline but Remains Elevated

LENGTH: 265  words

DATELINE: New York



 Atlanta: Growing Georgia has issued the following news release:



   Farm lending at commercial banks declined in the third quarter of 2016, but
remained elevated as lenders continued to assess the downturn in the U.S.
agricultural economy, according to the Federal Reserve's Agricultural Finance
Databook.





 The need for short-term financing in the farm sector remained high as profit
margins remained weak. The volume of farm loans originated in the third quarter
decreased about 19 percent from a year ago but remained elevated by historical
standards. Consistent with recent trends, loans for operating expenses continued
to drive the demand for new loans. So far in 2016, loans used to finance
operating expenses have comprised about 70 percent of all non-real estate farm
loans and nearly 60 percent of total loan volume.



 Alongside growing risk in the sector and slight declines in loan performance,
agricultural bankers made modest adjustments to loan terms. Bankers also
continued to rely more heavily on farm real estate as collateral. Most
prominently, the share of collateral on loans of more than $250,000 that was
comprised of farm real estate increased from 10 percent to 32 percent. The sharp
increase reversed a five-year decline in the use of farm real estate as a share
of total collateral on non-real estate loans.



 Farmland values continued to decline at a modest pace, which may put further
pressure on agricultural credit conditions for some borrowers



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 31, 2016 Monday

Farm Lending Decline but Remains Elevated

LENGTH: 265  words

DATELINE: New York



 Atlanta: Growing Georgia has issued the following news release:



   Farm lending at commercial banks declined in the third quarter of 2016, but
remained elevated as lenders continued to assess the downturn in the U.S.
agricultural economy, according to the Federal Reserve's Agricultural Finance
Databook.





 The need for short-term financing in the farm sector remained high as profit
margins remained weak. The volume of farm loans originated in the third quarter
decreased about 19 percent from a year ago but remained elevated by historical
standards. Consistent with recent trends, loans for operating expenses continued
to drive the demand for new loans. So far in 2016, loans used to finance
operating expenses have comprised about 70 percent of all non-real estate farm
loans and nearly 60 percent of total loan volume.



 Alongside growing risk in the sector and slight declines in loan performance,
agricultural bankers made modest adjustments to loan terms. Bankers also
continued to rely more heavily on farm real estate as collateral. Most
prominently, the share of collateral on loans of more than $250,000 that was
comprised of farm real estate increased from 10 percent to 32 percent. The sharp
increase reversed a five-year decline in the use of farm real estate as a share
of total collateral on non-real estate loans.



 Farmland values continued to decline at a modest pace, which may put further
pressure on agricultural credit conditions for some borrowers



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                              May 10, 2009 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Farmers hurt by bank loss to get aid Feds to offer loans in time for spring
planting after the closing of New Frontier.

BYLINE: Colleen O'Connor The Denver Post

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-02

LENGTH: 300 words


Hundreds of distressed family farmers hurt by the closure of New Frontier Bank,
which specialized in agriculture loans, will receive assistance from the Farm
Service Agency in time for spring planting.

U.S. Sens. Michael Bennet and Mark Udall, and Rep. Betsy Markey, all Colorado
Democrats, announced Saturday that the Farm Service Agency will free more money
in the form of direct operating loans.

The lawmakers had sent a letter requesting assistance to Agriculture Secretary
Tom Vilsack, who then authorized a transfer of unused FSA subsidized guaranteed
operating loan funds into the agency's direct operating fund.

"He made a quick decision," Bennet said. "It's not just about the change in
direct loan amounts. He also said that the USDA will send more personnel to help
farmers with the loan application process, which is tremendous.

"Lots of people are concerned with a very immediate problem, so all hands on
deck means that people's difficulties will be solved more quickly."

About 1,900 family farmers will receive direct operating loan assistance, and
620 family farmers will receive guaranteed operating loan funds.

"I'm glad to see that the agriculture secretary will be here on Monday," Bennet
said about Vilsack's planned meetings in Fort Morgan and Fort Collins.

Many farmers were left in a credit bind with the closure last month of Greeley's
New Frontier Bank, on top of a significant drop in prices for milk and other
farm products.

Dairies and other livestock companies struggled to secure bank credit to fund
spring planting, cow feed and farmhand labor costs.

There are more than 60 dairies in Colorado. More than a third depended on New
Frontier Bank loans, and many feared the bank closure would mean the end of
their family farms.

Colleen O'Connor: 303-954-1083

or coconnor@denverpost.com

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Moultrie Observer (Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              March 7, 2010 Sunday

Loans available for disadvantaged farmers

BYLINE: The Moultrie Observer, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 433 words


Mar. 7--ATHENS, Ga. -- The Georgia State Farm Service Agency (FSA) announced the
availability of $9.5 million in direct loan funds for socially disadvantaged
(SDA) individuals who want to purchase or operate a family-size farm in fiscal
year 2010.

In Fiscal year 2009, which ended Sept. 30, 2009, Georgia Farm Loan Programs made
116 direct SDA loans totaling more than $7.3 million.

"The special financing is for people who have been subjected to racial, ethnic
or gender inequality without regard to their individual qualities. SDA members
include women, African Americans, American Indians, Hispanic, Asian and Pacific
Islanders and Alaskan Natives," said Hobby Stripling, state executive director
of the Georgia Farm Service Agency.

The SDA program provides direct and guaranteed assistance in the form of farm
operating and farm ownership loans. Direct loans are made to applicants from
FSA. Guaranteed loans are issued by lending institutions, but typically 90 or 95
percent of the loan is guaranteed by FSA.

Operating loans may be used to purchase livestock, equipment, feed, seed, and
other business-related expenses. Repayment terms run from one to seven years.

Ownership loans provide capital to purchase or enlarge a farm, construct or
improve buildings, promote soil and water conservation and pay closing costs.
Direct ownership loan terms are up to 40 years. Guaranteed loan terms are
established by the lender.

Qualified candidates are provided information and assistance to develop sound
management practices, analyze problems and utilize available resources essential
for successful farming operations to cope with the changing agricultural
environment. SDA loan applicants do not receive automatic approval. Individuals
must be U.S. citizens with a satisfactory history of meeting credit obligations;
have sufficient education, training or experience managing or operating a farm;
possess legal capacity to incur debt; and be unable to obtain credit elsewhere.

Contact your local FSA County Office or USDA service Center for more loan
information. You may find the local office phone number listed under the blue or
government pages of your local telephone directory.

To see more of The Moultrie Observer or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.moultrieobserver.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Moultrie Observer, Ga.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100307-GJ-Loans-available-for-disadvantaged-farmers-0307

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GJ


                      Copyright 2010 The Moultrie Observer


                              45 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Moultrie Observer (Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 15, 2011 Tuesday

FSA targets funds for socially disadvantaged farmers

BYLINE: The Moultrie Observer, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 378 words


Nov. 15--ATHENS, Ga. -- The Georgia State Farm Service Agency (FSA) announced
the availability of direct and guaranteed loan funds for Socially Disadvantaged
(SDA) individuals who want to purchase or operate a family-size farm in fiscal
year 2012.

In Fiscal Year 2011, which ended September 30, 2011, Georgia Farm Loan Programs
made 178 direct and guaranteed SDA loans totaling more than $26.27 million.

"The special financing is for people who have been subjected to racial, ethnic
or gender inequality without regard to their individual qualities. SDA members
include women, African Americans, American Indians, Hispanic, Asian and Pacific
Islanders and Alaskan Natives," said Hobby Stripling, state executive director
of the Georgia Farm Service Agency.

The SDA program provides direct and guaranteed assistance in the form of farm
operating and farm ownership loans. Direct loans are made to applicants from
FSA. Guaranteed loans are issued by lending institutions, but typically 90
percent of the loan is guaranteed by FSA.

Operating loans may be used to purchase livestock, equipment, feed, seed, and
other business related expenses. Repayment terms run from one to seven years.

Ownership loans provide capital to purchase or enlarge a farm, construct or
improve buildings, promote soil and water conservation and pay closing costs.
Direct ownership loan terms are up to 40 years.

Guaranteed loan terms are established by the lender.

Qualified candidates are provided information and assistance to develop sound
management practices, analyze problems and utilize available resources essential
for successful farming operations to cope with the changing agricultural
environment.

SDA loan applicants do not receive automatic approval. Individuals must be U.S.
citizens with a satisfactory history of meeting credit obligations; have
sufficient education, training or experience managing or operating a farm;
possess legal capacity to incur debt; be unable to obtain credit elsewhere; and
meet certain other eligibility requirements.

For more information, contact the Colquitt County FSA office at 985-6509 ext. 2.

___ (c)2011 The Moultrie Observer (Moultrie, Ga.) Visit The Moultrie Observer
(Moultrie, Ga.) at www.moultrieobserver.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20111115-GJ-FSA-targets-funds-for-socially-disadvantaged-farmers-1115-20111115

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GJ


                      Copyright 2011 The Moultrie Observer


                              46 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Free Press (Kinstin, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 2, 2009 Wednesday

FSA targets funds for socially disadvantaged farmers

BYLINE: The Free Press, Kinston, N.C.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 447 words


Sep. 2--The North Carolina Farm Service Agency has announced the availability of
funds targeted for socially disadvantaged individuals who want to purchase or
operate a family-size farm in fiscal year 2009-10.

In Fiscal Year 2009, which ends Sept. 30, North Carolina Farm Loan Programs made
92 SDA loans totaling more than $10.8 million. This was 17 percent of the total
loans made, and 13 percent of the total dollars loaned. In Craven, Carteret and
Jones countids, SDA farmers benefited from $408,500 in farm loans disbursed to
date.

"This special financing is for people who have been subjected to racial, ethnic
or gender inequality without regard to their individual qualities. SDA members
include women, African Americans, American Indians, Hispanics, Asian and Pacific
Islanders and Alaskan Natives," said Sue A. Smithwick, manager of the Craven,
Carteret, Jones, Lenoir and Pamlico County FSA Farm Loan Program.

The SDA program provides direct and guaranteed assistance in the form of farm
operating and farm ownership loans. Direct loans are made to applicants from
FSA. Guaranteed loans are issued by lending institutions, but typically 90 or 95
percent of the loan is guaranteed by FSA.

Operating loans can be used to purchase livestock, equipment, feed, seed and
other business related expenses. Repayment terms run from one to seven years.

Ownership loans provide capital to purchase or enlarge a farm, construct or
improve buildings, promote soil and water conservation and pay closing costs.
Direct ownership loan terms are up to 40 years. Guaranteed loan terms are
established by the lender.

Qualified candidates are provided information and assistance to develop sound
management practices, analyze problems and utilize available resources essential
for successful farming operations to cope with the changing agricultural
environment.

SDA loan applicants do not receive automatic approval. Individuals must be U.S
citizens with a satisfactory history of meeting credit obligations; have
sufficient education, training or experience managing or operating a farm;
possess legal capacity to incur debt; and be unable to obtain credit elsewhere.

For more information, call Pat Williams at the Lenoir County FSA Office, (252)
523-0524 or Smithwick at (252) 946-1076.

To see more of The Free Press or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.kinston.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Free Press, Kinston, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090902-KI-FSA-targets-funds-for-socially-disadvantaged-farmers-0902

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KI


                  Copyright 2009 The Free Press, Kinstin, N.C.


                              47 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Clarendon Enterprise (Texas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 31, 2013

Microloans expand small farm options

BYLINE: The Clarendon Enterprise staff

LENGTH: 371  words


Donley County USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA) Farm Loan Officer Debbie Roberts,
announced that beginning farmers and ranchers in Texas now have a new Microloan
credit option to consider.

On January 17, FSA started offering Microloans which are designed to help
farmers and ranchers with credit needs of $35,000 or less. The loan features a
streamlined application process built to fit the needs of beginning and the
smallest of family farmers and ranchers.

"The microloan application process is simpler and requires less paperwork than
traditional operating loans," said Roberts. "This loan program will also be
useful to specialty crop producers and operators of community supported
agriculture," she said.

In 2012, the Farm Service Agency provided $196.4 million in farm loan assistance
to agricultural producers of all sizes in Texas. That year, operating loans
accounted for the majority of the loans extended totaling $129.4 million, while
farm ownership loans totaled more than $61 million. In 2012, $5.7 million in
emergency loans were made to producers in Texas recovering from natural
disasters.

"The current interest rate for Microloans is 1.25 percent and the maximum term
for microloans is seven years," according to Roberts. "Producers can contact
their local FSA farm loan office for details about the Microloan Program."

Microloans can be used to pay for initial start-up expenses such as hoop houses
to extend the growing season, essential tools, irrigation, delivery vehicles and
annual expenses such as seed, fertilizer, utilities, land rents and marketing
and distribution expenses. As financing needs increase, applicants can apply for
an operating loan up to the maximum amount of $300,000 or obtain financing from
a commercial lender under FSA's Guaranteed Loan Program.

In response to tighter financial markets, USDA has expanded the availability of
farm credit, helping farmers obtain loans across the U.S. Since 2009, USDA has
provided more than 128,000 loans to family farmers totaling more than $18
billion. In Texas, more than 70 percent of the loans went to beginning and
socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers.

For information on Microloans, contact The Donley County USDA service center at
806-874-3561.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CLR

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2013 The Clarendon Enterprise


                              48 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Volcker Outlines Fed's Farm Policies for Independent Bankers

                            March 12, 1985, Tuesday

By RICHARD RINGER

DATELINE: SAN ANTONIO, Tex.


Agricultural banks, which have traditionally been better capitalized than most
other institutions, will need that strength to recover from many of their
borrowers' problems, according to Federal Reserve Board Chairman Paul A.
Volcker.

Speaking Saturday at the close of the annual Independent Bankers Association of
America convention here, Mr. Volcker also outlined already-implemented changes
in a program to assure farm banks of needed liquidity to finance operating loans
this spring.

In his prepared remarks, and at a press conference later, Mr. Volcker also
expressed concern about bank holding companies pursuing loopholes in current
laws to circumvent interstate banking restrictions.

He hinted that the Fed may take action against Missouri-based Mark Twain
Bancshares Inc. for moving its Independence branch to Overland Park, Kan., about
16 miles across the state line.

At the press conference, Mr. Volcker said the Fed has not taken any ''action as
of yet'' concerning Mark Twain. He said a court ruling on one of two lawsuits,
both aimed at stopping Mark Twain from operating in Kansas, could come this
week.

The Fed has also sent a letter to Mark Twain officials asking for a legal
analysis of the relocation.

Mark Twain obtained approval from the Comptroller of the Currency to relocate
the Independence subsidiary to Kansas.

Mark Twains' application and the Comptroller's decision were based on a section
in the National Bank Act allowing national institutions to move anywhere within
30 miles.

Mr. Volcker also reiterated hopes that Congress passes legislation to close the
limited-service, or nonbank, bank loophole, and to give banks and holding
companies expanded powers so long as such authority doesn't jeopardize the
institutions' safety and soundness.

A limited-service bank either takes deposits or offers commercial loans, but not
both. As such, it is not subject to Bank Holding Company Act provisions
regulating interstate movements.

Efforts to assure farm banks' liquidity to finance agricultural operating loans
include allowing certain farm banks to borrow from the Fed's discount window
more cheaply and to obtain from the Fed a larger portion of their seasonal cash
needs for farm lending.

Both measures, said Mr. Volcker, are modifications in the Fed's seasonal credit
program which provides access to discount window borrowing for institutions
demonstrating recurring financing needs related to seasonal fluctuations in
deposit flows and loan demands.

Under the modifications, the Fed has reduced the amount a bank must fund from
its own liquidity.

The formula for computing the deductible has been changed from 4% to 2% of the
first $100 million in deposits and from 7% to 6% of the second $100 million in
deposits.

The interest rate on credit advanced under the modified program will be set at a
rate that will remain fixed during the time the credit is outstanding. The rate
was initially 8 1/2%, which is is between the basic discount rate, and the rate
on extended credit that is outstanding for more than 60 days.

Farm banks that can take advantage of the liberalized seasonal credit program
are those with deposits of $200 million or less, that have at least a 60% loan
-to-deposit ratio, and that have a ratio of loans to farmers or of farm real
estate to total loans of greater than 17%.

Farm banks today generally have sufficient liquidity to finance farm operating
loans. But Mr. Volcker said the changes were designed to ensure that liquidity
strains don't hamper the necessary credit flow in various regions.

The most severe problem facing farm banks is the ability of farmers to pay off
existing debts to qualify for new operating loans.

A new Agriculture Department report indicates that the problem is worse than
previously thought.

The report states that one-third of all family commercial farms will experience
financial difficulties this year, and that nearly 14% of those farms are either
insolvent or approaching insolvency.

The report states that 73,000, or 3.3%, of all farms have debts totaling 70% or
more of total assets. Another 10% of the farms, or 220,000, have debts equal to
40% to 70% of assets.

At current levels of farm income and interest rates, farmers with debts
amounting to 40% or more of assets are experiencing cash flow problems, the
report says.

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 725 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                              49 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     Western Kansas World (Wakeeny, Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 28, 2014

FSA Targets Funds to Minority, Women & Beginning Farmers

BYLINE: Western Kansas World staff

LENGTH: 426  words


Adrian J. Polansky, State Executive Director of the USDA Kansas Farm Service
Agency (FSA), announced that the FSA is reaching out to minority and women
farmers who want to purchase or operate a family-size farm.

"Each year, FSA targets a portion of its farm loan funding for socially
disadvantaged applicants (SDA)", Polansky said. The targeted funds are available
to socially disadvantaged applicants who include minority farmers, women
farmers, as well as beginning farmers.

For FSA farm loan purposes, FSA defines an SDA person as one of a group whose
members have been subjected to racial, ethnic, or gender prejudice because of
their identity as members of a group without regard to their individual
qualities. For additional information regarding FSA loans to minority or women
farmers, please visit www.fsa.usda.gov/ks.

A beginning farmer or rancher is defined as someone who:

Has not operated a farm or ranch for more than 10 years

Does not own a farm or ranch greater than 30 percent of the median size farm

Meets the loan eligibility requirements of the program to which he/she is
applying

Substantially participates in the operation; and

If applying for a farm ownership loan, must have participated in a farm for at
least three years

Polansky said that "while funding is targeted for loans to socially
disadvantaged applicants and beginning farmers, loan approval is neither
automatic nor guaranteed." Polansky stated that "in Fiscal Year 2013, Kansas
obligated $9,104,655 for a total of 135 loans to qualified farmers under the
Socially Disadvantaged Persons Loan Program. We also obligated $46,323,649.62
for a total of 418 loans to qualified farmers under the Beginning Farmer
Program."

"Applicants seeking credit through FSA must meet certain eligibility criteria,"
Polansky said. FSA applicants must be U.S. citizens, have a satisfactory history
of meeting credit obligations, have sufficient education, training or experience
managing or operating a farm, possess legal capacity to incur debt; and be
unable to obtain credit elsewhere.

Traditional operating loans may be used to purchase livestock, equipment, feed,
seed or pay other business related expenses. Operating loans are usually repaid
in one to seven years.

Ownership loans are available to provide capital to purchase or enlarge a farm,
construct or improve buildings, promote soil and water conservation and pay
closing costs. Direct ownership loan terms are up to 40 years.

For additional information, contact your local Farm Service Agency at the county
USDA Service Center nearest you.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WKW

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2014 Western Kansas World


                              50 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Moultrie Observer (Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 5, 2011 Saturday

FSA targets funds for socially disadvantaged farmers

BYLINE: The Moultrie Observer, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 410 words


March 05--ATHENS, Ga. -- The Georgia State Farm Service Agency (FSA) announced
the availability of direct and guaranteed loan funds for Socially Disadvantaged
(SDA) individuals who want to purchase or operate a family-size farm in fiscal
year 2011.

In Fiscal year 2010, which ended Sept. 30, 2010, Georgia Farm Loan Programs made
220 direct and guaranteed SDA loans totaling more than $34.1 million.

"The special financing is for people who have been subjected to racial, ethnic
or gender inequality without regard to their individual qualities. SDA members
include women, African Americans, American Indians, Hispanic, Asian and Pacific
Islanders and Alaskan Natives," said Hobby Stripling, state executive director
of the Georgia Farm Service Agency.

The SDA program provides direct and guaranteed assistance in the form of farm
operating and farm ownership loans. Direct loans are made to applicants from
FSA. Guaranteed loans are issued by lending institutions, but typically 90 or 95
percent of the loan is guaranteed by FSA.

Operating loans may be used to purchase livestock, equipment, feed, seed, and
other business related expenses. Repayment terms run from one to seven years.

Ownership loans provide capital to purchase or enlarge a farm, construct or
improve buildings, promote soil and water conservation and pay closing costs.
Direct ownership loan terms are up to 40 years.

Guaranteed loan terms are established by the lender.

Qualified candidates are provided information and assistance to develop sound
management practices, analyze problems and utilize available resources essential
for successful farming operations to cope with the changing agricultural
environment. SDA loan applicants do not receive automatic approval. Individuals
must be U.S. citizens with a satisfactory history of meeting credit obligations;
have sufficient education, training or experience managing or operating a farm;
possess legal capacity to incur debt; be unable to obtain credit elsewhere; and
meet certain other eligibility requirements.

Contact your local FSA County Office or USDA Service Center for more loan
information.

To see more of The Moultrie Observer or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.moultrieobserver.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Moultrie Observer, Ga.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110305-GJ-FSA-targets-funds-for-socially-disadvantaged-farmers-0305-20110305

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GJ


                      Copyright 2011 The Moultrie Observer


                              51 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Ottawa Herald (Kansas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 8, 2009 Tuesday

Farm aid available for women, minorities

BYLINE: The Ottawa Herald, Kan.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 504 words


Sep. 8--Women and members of minority groups who want to own or operate a farm
may be able to get a little help from the federal government.

"Each year, the Farm Service Agency earmarks a portion of its farm loan funding
for socially disadvantaged applicants, people who have been subjected to racial,
ethnic or gender inequality without regard to their individual qualities," Stacy
Kull, farm loan manager of the USDA Farm Service Agency for Anderson, Coffey,
Douglas, Franklin, Johnson, Linn, Miami, Osage and Shawnee counties, said.

Socially disadvantaged applicants may be women, African-Americans, American
Indians, Hispanics, Asian and Pacific Islanders and Alaska Natives.

Kull said that while funding is earmarked for loans to socially disadvantaged
applicants, loan approval is neither automatic nor guaranteed.

"Socially disadvantaged applicants must meet the same eligibility criteria as
other applicants," Kull said.

Applicants must be U.S citizens; have a satisfactory history of meeting credit
obligations; have sufficient education, training or experience managing or
operating a farm; possess legal capacity to incur debt; and be unable to obtain
credit elsewhere.

The agency can make direct loans to applicants who are unable to get commercial
credit or provide loan guarantees to commercial lenders.

Guaranteed loans may be made by any lending institution subject to Federal or
state supervision (banks, savings and loans, and units of the Farm Credit
System). FSA typically guarantees 90 or 95 percent of the loan against any loss
that might be incurred if the loan fails.

Applicants can use operating loans to purchase livestock, equipment, feed, seed
or pay other business-related expenses. Operating loans are usually repaid in
one to seven years.

Ownership loans provide capital to purchase or enlarge a farm, construct or
improve buildings, promote soil and water conservation and pay closing costs.
Direct ownership loan terms are for up to 40 years, while guaranteed loan terms
are established by the lender.

Qualified applicants receive information and assistance to develop sound
management practices, analyze problems and utilize available resources essential
for successful farming operations to cope with the changing agricultural
environment.

In fiscal year 2008, Kansas obligated $1,321,855 for a total of 48 loans to
qualified farmers under the Socially Disadvantaged Persons Loan Program.

"We also obligated $12,198,317 for a total of 198 loans to qualified farmers
under Beginning Farmer Program," Kull said.

For more information about the agency's loan programs, call Kull at (785)
242-3260.

To see more of The Ottawa Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.ottawaherald.com Copyright (c) 2009, The Ottawa Herald, Kan.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090908-IQ-Farm-aid-available-for-women-minorities-0908

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IQ


                                 Copyright 2009


                              52 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    March 15, 1978, Wednesday, Final Edition

House Panel Votes Bill on Farm Loans

SECTION: First Section; A2

LENGTH: 408 words


The House Committee yesterday approved, 39 to 5, a $4 billion emergency credit
bill to help farmers caught in a price squeeze to pay off home or operating
loans.

The bill would create a new program to be administered by the Farmers Home
Administration taht would make direct loans or guarantee loans in the private
money market up to $400,000 for estiablished farmers who can't get credit
through regualr channels because of depressed economic conditions and might
otherwise lose their farms.

Up to $2 billion could be loaned or guaranteed during each of the next two years
for the temporary program.  Family farms would be given preference, but the
loans would be available to larger farms in difficulty.

As usual this year, the meeting room was largerly filled with the visor-capped
farmers who marched on Washington in January and stayed to seek higher prices.
They wanted a $1 million loan limit.

The committee approved the bill with administration support to try to help the
pockets of farm distress caused by the farm price "roller-coaster" which has
seen farm income drop from $33 billion a year to $20 billion in the last five
years.

The loans could be used to repay or refinance farm mortgages or loans for
operating expenses made during that period.

The bill also would increase limits on loans that can be made under existing law
by the Farmers Home Administration to low-income farmers.  It would raise the
limit on home loans from $100,000 to $200,000 for direct loans and to $300,000
for guaranteed private loans.  The limit on operating expense loans would go up
from $50,000 to $100,000 for direct loans and $200,000 for guaranteed loans.

Rep. Harold L. Wolkmer (D-M.) protested that this could permit a farmera total
of $900,000 in loans from the two programs.  But committee staff members said
the same farmer probably could not qualify for a loan to low-income farmers from
the one program and to established farmers under the other.

At the request of Rep. W. R. Poage (D-Tex.), who said it would be a "gratuitous
insult" connoting criticism, the committee voted 18 to 6 to rescind a previous
action changing the name of the Farmers Home Administration of the Farm and
Rural Development Administration.  One reason for the change requested by the
Carter administration was thet the Farmers Home Administration sometimes gets
confused with the Federal Housing Administration, since both have the initials
FHA.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1978 The Washington Post


                              53 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Agriculture: Anger in Mich. About Farm Credit System's Gains

                           September 16, 1996, Monday

By TERENCE O'HARA


To hear farm banker Ernest Paulick tell it, Bad Axe, Mich., deep in the state's
flat, sugar beet-rich Thumb Peninsula area, is ground zero for banker pique at
the Farm Credit System.

"It's our biggest competition, and it's getting bigger," said the executive vice
president at Bad Axe-based Signature Bank. "They quote rates, terms, and
conditions we just can't quote."

To be sure, commercial bankers everywhere these days have problems competing
with farm credit banks, government-sponsored enterprises that have recently
sought new powers that could make them competitors in more than just
agriculture.

But the farm credit animus is running particularly strong in Michigan. According
to a recent Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago survey of farm lenders in the
region, 65% of Michigan's bankers reported a rise in farm operating and mortgage
lending by the state's four farm credit banks - located in Grand Rapids,
Lansing, Lapeer, and Adrian.

In the rest of the Chicago Fed district, about half of the 400 farm lenders
surveyed saw growth in Farm Credit System lending.

"That's not surprising," said Mike Singer, an economist and agriculture finance
expert at the Chicago Fed. "Farm Credit is a little stronger in Michigan than
the rest of the district. It's pretty strong in both land and operating loans."

With the Farm Credit System's fight for new powers almost over - the Farm Credit
Administration should decide on whether to expand its lending purview soon, if
not this week - farm bankers have their dander up.

"The farm credit banks are being so aggressive because they want to gain back
the market share they lost in the 1980s," said Randy Rice, first vice president
of agriculture lending at Bank of Lenawee in Morenci, Mich.

Mr. Rice, who worked at Farm Credit for eight years before moving to a
commercial bank, said, "I won't say a lot of their programs aren't good, but
they are making it a heck of a lot harder for farmers to say no."

He cited reduced requirements on farmers owning stock in farm credit banks when
they borrow as well as relaxed underwriting standards and offering subprime
rates on many operating loans.

Terry Harris, manager of the Lenawee County branch of Farm Credit Services of
Southeastern Michigan in Adrian, said there has been a substantial increase in
lending at his bank, especially in operating loans. Listening to him list the
specials, it's not hard to understand why.

Michigan farm credit banks are offering operating loans at 5% for the first 80
days, to celebrate the system's 80th birthday. The bank's Gear Up program offers
reduced down payments and other attractive terms for equipment loans. It also
offers a complementary initial tax evaluation for new customers to introduce
them to Farm Credit's increasingly popular ancillary services, such as
multiperil crop insurance and its proprietary farm record keeping computer
program.

"We're always coming up with new programs to spur interest from our members," he
said.

He added that the four Michigan banks and their various branch offices
throughout the state pool resources for marketing, product development, and
statewide advertising.

As tantalizing as they are for borrowers, such initiatives get at the craw of
rural bankers.

"I guess when you're not lending your own shareholders' money, it's easy to
lowball," said Paul Clabuesch, president of Thumb National Bank and Trust in
Pigeon, Mich., referring to Farm Credit's ability to borrow money cheaply based
on its quasigovernmental status. "You put capital at risk when you push the
underwriting standards down like they have been. I guess they don't have that
worry like we do."

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING

LENGTH: 611 words

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: includes chart: Farm Credit Foes

                      Copyright 1996 American Banker, Inc.


                              54 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            January 10, 2000 Monday
                                  City Edition

Ag briefs

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 527 words


DECEMBER AG PRICES SHOW GRAIN SLUMP

Mid-December measures of agricultural prices by the Nebraska Agricultural
Statistics Service show evidence of a continued slump from a year ago in grain
categories.

The average corn price received by the state's farmers stood at $1.70 a bushel,
down from $1.92 in December 1998. The average wheat price was down 72 cents to
$2. The average grain sorghum price was down 31 cents to $2.65. Soybeans were
down 98 cents to $4.20.

On the livestock side, average prices for market hogs were at 36 cents a pound,
compared to 18.8 cents a year ago. Market beef cattle were at 69.6 cents, up
from 60.6 cents last year. The milk price was at $12 a hundredweight, down from
$18 a year earlier.

FSA LOANS UP ABOUT $208 MILLION

The federal government's Farm Service Agency had a big year in Nebraska in
fiscal 1999 in its direct and guaranteed ownership and operating loans.

The overall total of money obligated for the year that ended Sept. 30 was about
$208 million. More than 1,900 loans were issued, up from about 1,130 the
previous fiscal year.

A breakdown of that total for the entire Farm Loan Program includes: $36.3
million in direct operating loans; $10.5 million in direct farm ownership loans;
$67.6 million in guaranteed operating loans; $49.5 million in the guaranteed
operating loans that carry an interest subsidy; and $42.7 million in guaranteed
farm ownership loans.

IBP DONATES $250,000 TO FOUNDATION

IBP, the world's largest processor of red meat, has donated $250,000 to the
American Meat Institute Foundation for use in a multiyear food safety
initiative.

The objective is to find and eventually eliminate dangerous bacteria from meat
products.

The nonprofit foundation has gathered $5 million so far for use by government,
university and private researchers over the next two years.

IBP also donated $150,000 in 1999 to the institute for a food safety education
program.

AG MARKETING PROGRAM TO AIR

Agricultural producers looking for the latest information on market news will
want to tune into a free weekly University of Nebraska Cooperative Extension
Internet and satellite program beginning this week.

"What's Shaping the Market This Week" runs Wednesdays through April 26. It will
be videostreamed live on the extension's Rural Routes Web site at
ruralroutes.unl.edu. The Institute of Agriculture and Natural Resources program
also will be transmitted to several extension offices across the state via
satellite.

Jim Kendrick is a nationally known NU agricultural economist who has taught
distance marketing classes three times a week since 1991. His audience members
have an edge in the agricultural industry and include producers in more than 35
states.

On ruralroutes.unl.edu and at downlink sites, viewers may call in toll-free at
(800) 755-7765, fax or e-mail Kendrick during the live program from 3 to 4 p.m.
CST. The Web site also will feature an archive that allows producers to view the
show anytime during the week.

To view the program via the Internet, participants should have a Pentium or
Power PC computer with a 56K modem and video and audio capacity. Videostreaming
software can be downloaded free at the Web site.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2000 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           March 12, 2008, Wednesday

USDA targets loans for women, minority farmers

SECTION: METRO WEST PUTNAM; Pg. P3

LENGTH: 335 words


Women and minority farmers interested in buying and operating family-sized farms
may be eligible for loans from the Farm Service Agency.

"The Farm Service Agency is interested in promoting greater involvement in
farming and ranching by women and minorities," said Robert Ferrebee, executive
director for the United States Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency.

"Each year, we reserve a portion of our farm loan funds especially for socially
disadvantaged applicants."

The loans available to women and minorities are the same as those for other
borrowers, as are the eligibility requirements. Applicants must be primarily and
directly engaged in farming and ranching on family-size operations.

A socially disadvantaged applicant is one of a group whose members have been
subjected to racial, ethnic or gender prejudice because of his or her identity
as members of the group without regard to his or her individual qualities.

For purposes of this program, socially disadvantaged groups are women, African
Americans, American Indians, Alaskan Natives, Hispanics, and Asian Americans and
Pacific Islanders.

Farm ownership loan funds may be used to purchase or enlarge a farm or ranch,
purchase easements or rights of way needed in the farm's operation, build or
improve buildings such as a dwelling or barn, promote soil and water
conservation and development, and pay closing costs.

Farm operating loan funds may be used to purchase livestock, poultry, farm
equipment, fertilizer, and other materials necessary to operate a successful
farm. Operating Loan funds can also be used for family living expenses,
refinancing debts under certain conditions, paying salaries for hired farm
laborers, installing or improving water systems for home, livestock, or
irrigation use, and other similar improvements.

Contact the local Farm Service Agency office located at 418 Goff Mountain Road,
Cross Lanes, W.Va. 25213 or call 776-5256 to obtain detailed information about
the Socially Disadvantaged Applicant loan program.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Charleston Newspapers


                              56 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 11, 2016 Monday

Washington: CED Comments

LENGTH: 1232  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has
issued the following news release:





 The weather as of late has given us hints of spring followed by the occasional
reminder that the winter hold does not want to let go.  Fieldwork has started in
some areas and it will not be long before things are green and lush.  The
Douglas County FSA Office invites you to complete your business within the
office NOW when you have time.  Our hope is that this will keep you in the field
when you need to be later this spring.





 Final Planting Dates



 All producers are encouraged to contact their local FSA office for more
information on the final planting date for specific crops. The final planting
dates vary by crop, planting period and county so please contact your local FSA
office for a list of county-specific planting deadlines. The timely planting of
a crop, by the final planting date, may prevent loss of program benefits.



 Farm Service Agency (FSA) and Risk Management Agency (RMA) to Prevent Fraud,
Waste, and Abuse



 FSA supports the RMA in the prevention of fraud, waste and abuse of the Federal
Crop Insurance Program. FSA has been, and will continue to, assist RMA and
insurance providers by monitoring crop conditions throughout the growing season.
FSA will continue to refer all suspected cases of fraud, waste and abuse
directly to RMA. Producers can report suspected cases to the county office
staff, the RMA office, or the Office of the Inspector General.



 ARC- County Payments by Physical Location County



 Producers with out of county land administered in Douglas County have until
April 15, 2016 to decide if they wish to have their 2014 and/or 2015
Agricultural Risk Coverage-County (ARC-CO) payments recalculated based on the
physical location county rates.   Form CCC-861-A would need to be signed by all
producers with an interest in the base acres on the farm by April 15, 2016.



 If you have purchased any land, please update our records in the Douglas County
Office.  Landowners and producers are also asked to inform the Douglas County
Office of any change in operator(s) on their farm(s). Producers who may have
transferred their land into a trust also need to report this ownership change to
the FSA County Office



 Please be safe this spring.  We want the opportunity to be able to work with
you for years to come.  Take the time to enjoy the wonderful occupation you all
are part of.  Thank you all for what you do each and every day.



 Steve Frericks

 Douglas County FSA CED



 USDA Removes Farm Program Payments to Managers Not Actively Engaged in Farming



 USDA finalized a rule to ensure that farm safety-net payments are issued only
to active managers of farms that operate as joint ventures or general
partnerships, consistent with the direction and authority provide by Congress in
the 2014 Farm Bill. The action, which exempts family farm operations, closes a
loophole where individuals who were not actively part of farm management still
received payments.



 Since 1987, the broad definition of "actively engaged" resulted in some general
partnerships and joint ventures adding managers to the farming operation,
qualifying for more payments, that did not substantially contribute to
management. The rule applies to operations seeking more than one farm manager,
and requires measureable, documented hours and key management activities each
year. Some operations of certain sizes and complexity may be allowed up to three
qualifying managers under limited conditions. The changes apply to payments for
2016 and subsequent crop years for Agriculture Risk Coverage (ARC) and Price
Loss Coverage (PLC) Programs, Loan Deficiency Payments (LDP) and Marketing Loan
Gains (MLG) realized via the Marketing Assistance Loan program.



 As required by Congress, the new rule does not apply to family farms, or change
regulations related to contributions of land, capital, equipment, or labor. The
changes go into effect for the 2016 crop year for most farms. Farms that have
already planted fall crops for 2016 have until the 2017 crop year to comply. For
more details, producers are encouraged to consult their local Farm Service
Agency office.



 Emergency Assistance for Livestock, Honeybee, and Farm-Raised Fish Program
(ELAP)



 The Emergency Assistance for Livestock, Honeybees and Farm-Raised Fish Program
(ELAP) provides emergency assistance to eligible livestock, honeybee, and farm
-raised fish producers who have losses due to disease, adverse weather or other
conditions, such as blizzards and wildfires, not covered by other agricultural
disaster assistance programs.



 Eligible livestock losses include grazing losses not covered under the
Livestock Forage Disaster Program (LFP), loss of purchased feed and/or
mechanically harvested feed due to an eligible adverse weather event, additional
cost of transporting water because of an eligible drought and additional cost
associated with gathering livestock to treat for cattle tick fever.



 Eligible honeybee losses include loss of purchased feed due to an eligible
adverse weather event, cost of additional feed purchased above normal quantities
due to an eligible adverse weather condition, colony losses in excess of normal
mortality due to an eligible weather event or loss condition, including CCD, and
hive losses due to eligible adverse weather.



 Eligible farm-raised fish losses include death losses in excess of normal
mortality and/or loss of purchased feed due to an eligible adverse weather
event.



 Producers who suffer eligible livestock, honeybee, or farm-raised fish losses
from October 1, 2015 to September 30, 2016 must file:



 o             A notice of loss the earlier of 30 calendar days of when the loss
is apparent or by November 1, 2016



 o             An application for payment by November 1, 2016



 The Farm Bill caps ELAP disaster funding at $20 million per federal fiscal
year.



 The following ELAP Fact Sheets (by topic) are available online:



 o             ELAP for Farm-Raised Fish Fact Sheet



 o             ELAP for Livestock Fact Sheet



 o             ELAP for Honeybees Fact Sheet



 To view these and other FSA program fact sheets, visit the FSA fact sheet web
page at www.fsa.usda.gov/factsheets.



 Guaranteed Loan Program



 FSA guaranteed loans allow lenders to provide agricultural credit to farmers
who do not meet the lender's normal underwriting criteria. Farmers and ranchers
apply for a guaranteed loan through a lender, and the lender arranges for the
guarantee. FSA can guarantee up to 95 percent of the loss of principal and
interest on a loan. Guaranteed loans can be used for both farm ownership and
operating purposes.



 Guaranteed farm ownership loans can be used to purchase farmland, construct or
repair buildings, develop farmland to promote soil and water conservation or to
refinance debt.



 Guaranteed operating loans can be used to purchase livestock, farm equipment,
feed, seed, fuel, farm chemicals, insurance and other operating expenses.



 FSA can guarantee farm ownership and operating loans up to $1,399,000.
Repayment terms vary depending on the type of loan, collateral and the
producer's ability to repay the loan. Operating loans are normally repaid within
seven years and farm ownership loans are not to exceed 40 years.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    March 26, 1981, Thursday, Final Edition

Farm Budget Doubts Sow Seeds of Anxiety

BYLINE: By Ward Sinclair, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A6

LENGTH: 991 words


Two weeks ago, Thomas Burrel and a handful of other black farmers took over a
Farmers Home Administration office in Covington, Tenn., staging a "wait-in" to
protest delays in handling of their requests for 1981 planting loans.

Their main complaint of racial discrimination soon vanished when white farmers
from Mississippi, Oklahoma, Missouri and Arkansas showed up to lend support.
Telephone calls from other white farmers in Iowa, Texas and Nebraska buoyed the
protesters still more.

Everyone, the callers and visitors told Burrell, was having identical problems:
processing delays and not enough loan money available at FmHA, a lending agency
designed to help farmers who cannot get credit in commercial markets.

Farmer Burrell and his dozen friends in the FmHA office considered the prospect
of staying a while longer to dramatize the problem they say small farmers all
over the country have with Farmers Home.

Their protest is a visible portion of something bigger: farmer uncertainty over
1981, spurred in part by the economic shock of last year's drought and
continuing increases in fuel and supply costs.

Members of Congress and small farmers around the country are expressing concern
that the Reagan administration's proposed sharp cuts in FmHA farm-loan money for
fiscal 1982 may make things worse.

FmHA, an outgrowth of resettlement and farm security programs of the 1930s, has
become a huge institution with 31 different loan and grant schemes for farming,
housing, community facilities and business and industrial development -- a sort
of onestop rural-assistance center.

The most controversial area, which the Reagan budget deals with by eliminating,
is the business and industrial development loan.  That program has helped
affluent individuals and profitable companies finance controversial projects
such as golf courses, resort facilities and shopping centers.

But the administration's proposals would have their most direct effect on
farmers by shaking up the operating and ownership loan programs that had their
roots in post-Depression efforts to shore up poor and dispossessed farm
families.

The program, admittedly a "high-risk" approach, as FmHA officials acknowledge,
continues in that vein, as an aid to farmers who cannot borrow money from
commercial lenders.

The 1982 Reagan budget would increase operating loans slightly, but would reduce
loans for farm purchases and, along the way, by requiring higher interest rates
on federal loans, abolish a program set up by Congress to help young people with
limited resources buy farms.

Some farmers and legislators contend that the inevitable result of higher
interest rates and fewer loans, as President Reagan is proposing, will be a
further reduction of small farm operations and expansion expansion by larger,
more profitable farmers waiting to gobble up their neighbors.

The House Agriculture Committee voted to restore some of the cuts as it drew up
its own budget proposals.  But Rep. Ed Jones (D-Tenn.) expressed uneasiness
about the direction of administration policy on farm loans, with higher interest
and less money available.

"It's Big Business talking when they say everyone ought to stand on their own
two feet.  This policy is doing the opposite of what governmernt should be
doing.  We should be making an extra effort to keep people on the farm," said
Jones, chairman of the conservation and credit subcommittee.

Reagan's budget would cut the fiscal 1982 fund for farm ownership loans from the
current $920 million to $825 million.  The Carter administration had proposed
$1.5 billion for fiscal 1982.  Reagan's operating loan fund would be $1.375
million, well above the current $875 million, but less than Carter's $1.5
billion.

The administration's proposals have jolted leaders of the American Agriculture
Movement, whose early enthusiasm for Reagan began waning with continuation of
the embargo on grain shipments to the Soviet Union.

"A lot of people think we are overreacting," said AAM national Chairman Marvin
Meek, "but if they stick to these budget cuts, we are going to lose from 20 to
30 percent of our producers.  On the heels of one of the worst droughts in
history, they simply can't cut the operating and ownership loans."

The release in January of the Carter administration's lengthy study of the
changing structure of U.S. farming touched on the issue of concentration of land
control in fewer hands each year -- a phenonmenon that is drawing increasing
attention on Capitol Hill.

"What the adminstration is talking about in the way of budget cuts is pretty
frightening," said Jay Sherman of the National Family Farm Coalition.

Sherman noted that the administration's plans to overhaul farm financing
programs also will have a sharp impact on a congressionally directed scheme to
earmark part of FmHA's money for special low-interest loans to minority and
beginning farmers with no other credit available.

By raising interest rates overall, the 5 percent and 7 percent increase "limited
resource" loans in this program would be doomed, Sherman said.  Jones, whose
subcommittee designed the program, agreed.

In fiscal 1980, some 12,000 of the 43,568 operating and ownership loans
authorized by FmHA were for young beginners in the limited resource program,
with Mississippi, Missouri, Louisiana, North Carolina and Arkansas leading the
list.

From his protest point in the FmHA office in west Tennessee, Thomas Burrell put
it this way: "We are citizens, we are peaceful and we want to be producers. . .
.We are asking a speed-up of the loan process.  Plowing has begun and it is
critical that farmers get the loan money they need."

"But more than that, we are saying that FmHA policies in general contribute to
the problem of the small family farmer.  Unless something is done, unless the
encouragement is provided, the whole structure of farming will change."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1981 The Washington Post


                              58 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Chronicle (Centralia, Washington)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 17, 2014 Thursday

Farm Loans Available for Minorities, Women, New Farmers and Veterans

BYLINE: The Chronicle, Centralia, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 283 words


April 17--The U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has a portion
of its farm loan program specifically available for minorities, women, novice
farmers and veterans, according to Jeff Peterson, senior farm loan officer in
Chehalis,

"This year, loan funds are also targeted for military veterans," Peterson said
in a news release. "While FSA farm loans are available to all qualified
applicants, by setting aside funds it ensures farmers and ranchers that have
traditionally had difficulty financing farm operations will receive a portion of
available funds."

Loan funds can be used to purchase farms, livestock and equipment and to operate
the farm, repair buildings, and pay for soil and water conservation practices,
according to the FSA.

FSA offer direct and guaranteed loans.

To purchase a farm with direct loans, the terms may be extend to 40 years with a
current interest rate of 4 percent, according to the FSA.

Special down payment programs are available for participation with a commercial
lender.

For rates and terms and down payment requirements, contact the local FSA office.

Direct operating loans can be made for one to seven years with a current
interest rate of 2 percent, which is subject to change.

FSA guaranteed loans are made by banks or other lenders. FSA guarantees up to 90
percent of any loss.

The guaranteed loan program includes both operating and real estate loan
programs.

For additional information, contact county U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm
Service Agency offices or visit the FSA website at www.fsa.usda.gov/wa.

___ (c)2014 The Chronicle (Centralia, Wash.) Visit The Chronicle (Centralia,
Wash.) at www.chronline.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140417-1CE-Farm-Loans
-Available-for-Minorities-Women-New-Farmers-and-Veterans-0417-20140417

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CE


                          Copyright 2014 The Chronicle


                              59 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

12% Default Rate On Minnesota Farm Loans Seen

                             August 5, 1988, Friday

By ANDREA BENNETT, Midwest Bureau

DATELINE: CHICAGO


Farmers will be unable to repay about 12% of outstanding operating farm loans in
Minnesota because of the drought, according to a survey of bankers in the state.

Results of the survey taken in mid-July provide some of the first estimates
about how the drought will affect farmers' ability to repay their bank loans.

Bankers also estimated at the time of the survey that if the drought persists,
the percentage of farm-loans defaults will skyrocket.

If drought conditions remain through Aug. 15, bankers said more than one-third
of all farm operating loans could not be repaid out of current farm income.

The survey found only one-third of the states' farmers judged to be either
moderately or severely affected by the drought have crop insurance.

The survey, commissioned by the Minnesota Bankers Association, polled 371
agricultural bankers and 92 county extension directors from July 11 through July
20.

The group said it received a 46% response rate and that the survey was
representative of conditions in the state.

Guide for Drought Aid

The trade group said the figures are expected to be helpful in deciding whether
state or federal drought assistance is necessary. A follow-up survey is planned
for late August.

Through early July, just before the survey was conducted, the Agriculture
Department judged the drought to be extreme through most of Minnesota and severe
in the rest of the state.

The drought has hit hardest in the central and west central parts of the
Minnesota, the survey found.  Results also show that through mid-July all of the
state's major crops had been significantly hurt by the drought. Corn yields, for
example, were estimated to be 40% below normal throughout the state.

According to the survey, 70% of Minnesota's farmers have been affected at least
slightly by the drought, with 30% of farm borrowers estimated to need some form
of credit assistance because of the drought.

In addition, bankers said an estimated 58% of operating loans have been
moderately to severely affected by the drought. Approximately 63% of loans in
this category are not believed to be covered by federal crop insurance.

The estimates of farm operating loans that cannot be repaid do not include the
effect of any federal or state farm assistance. Both the U.S. House of
Representatives and U.S. Senate recently approved separate drought-relief
packages that could provide $5 billion to $6 billion in assistance to struggling
farmers.

The bills have been sent to a conference committee to iron out differences
between them.

Minnesota bankers said the assistance package could ameliorate the worst of the
drought's impact on both themselves and farmers.

"I think it (the federal drought assistance) is adequate to generous if they can
target it for those who need it," said Leslie Peterson, president of the Farmers
State Bank of Trimont, Minn.

Mr. Peterson said the drought has worsened in Minnesota since the survey was
conducted. Some "pretty good rainfall" in the past two days is too little, too
late for most crops, he said.

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 512 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1988 American Banker, Inc.


                              60 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Chronicle (Centralia, Washington)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            April 1, 2015 Wednesday

Department of Agriculture Farm Loans Available for Minorities, Women

BYLINE: The Chronicle, Centralia, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 280 words


April 01--The U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has a portion
of its farm loan program funds specifically set aside for minority and women
producers.

"While FSA farm loans are available to all qualified applicants, by setting
aside funds specifically for minorities and women, it ensures that they will
receive a portion of available funds," said Judy Olson, state executive director
of the FSA.

Loan funds can be used to purchase farms, livestock and equipment. They may also
be used to operate the farm, build or repair farm buildings, pay for soil and
water conservation practices, and in some cases refinance debts.

FSA offers both direct and guaranteed loans. For direct loans made by FSA to
purchase a farm, the terms may extend to 40 years with a current interest rate
of 3.375 percent. Special programs are available for participation with a
commercial lender.

Direct operating loans may be made for one to seven years with a current
interest rate of 2.375 percent, which is subject to change. If the rate goes
above 5 percent, these loans could be made at a rate as low as 5 percent,
depending on a farm operation's cash flow.

The FSA guaranteed loans are made by banks or other lenders for which FSA
guarantees up to 90 percent of any loss. The guaranteed loan program includes
both operating and real estate loan programs.

For additional information concerning these programs, contact Jeff Peterson,
senior farm loan officer, at (360) 748-0083, ext. 2, or at the FSA office, 1554
Bishop Road, Suite 100, Chehalis.

___ (c)2015 The Chronicle (Centralia, Wash.) Visit The Chronicle (Centralia,
Wash.) at www.chronline.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150401-1CE-Department-of-Agriculture-Farm-Loans
-Available-for-Minorities-Women-0401-20150401

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CE


                          Copyright 2015 The Chronicle


                              61 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Agriculture: Upper-Midwest Banks Suffered in Quarter from '94 Farm Price Slump

                              May 15, 1995, Monday

By BARBARA F. BRONSTIEN


Community bankers in the Upper Midwest have been feeling the pinch from last
year's weak livestock and crop prices.

Farmers in the region had become more cautious about borrowing and slower to
repay debt, bankers told the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis.

The survey of 122 bankers on agricultural credit conditions during the first
quarter also found banks were making fewer farm loans than they would like, and
some bankers reported problems with fund availability.

Last year, cattle and hog prices sank, and high yields caused a decline in crop
prices.

Banks are "a little cautious about what the future may hold," said Edward
Lotterman, an agricultural economist at the Minneapolis Fed.

Wet conditions that have delayed planting in many areas have raised crop prices
already this year, he said. However, livestock prices will take a couple of
years to rebound, he said.

Still, some banks in the region were doing well. South Dakota bankers reported
some of the strongest farm-related loan demand in the region.

At $50 million-asset Dacotah Bank, Mobridge, S.D., farm operating loans have
been up 10% to 15%, said Darrell Schlepp, vice president. But demand for capital
purchases has been down about the same amount, he said.

In the near term, he said, farm lending is going to be "fairly positive."

Respondents in northwestern Wisconsin also reported positively on loan volume,
particularly on operating, machinery, and other intermediate categories.

However, in Montana, hit hard by low cattle prices, 73% of bankers said farm and
ranch incomes were below normal last winter. Most expected them to be worse in
the spring.

Volumes of some types of cattle, machinery, and other intermediate loans were
low in Montana. Real estate loans were about normal, and general operating loan
volumes were above normal, bankers reported.

Likewise, depressed grain prices hurt North Dakota, where livestock and
machinery loans were depressed and general operating loans were above normal,
bankers said.

In Minnesota, the state's bumper crop last year improved farm income and
spending somewhat, but nearly half the respondents said incomes would
deteriorate this spring.

The Minneapolis Fed, which serves the Ninth Federal Reserve District, also
covers Michigan's Upper Peninsula.

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 383 words

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1995 American Banker, Inc.


                              62 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                               May 5, 2000 Friday

Farm agency has money for operating loans

LENGTH: 310 words


MINOT (AP) -- For the first time in several years, the state Farm Service Agency
office expects to have enough money on hand for farm operating loans. The agency
had more than $23 million in direct loan money and $35 million in guaranteed
loan money as of April 27, farm credit specialist Rod Hogan said. In the past
several years, many farmers were forced to wait until June to get FSA operating
loans, which cover the cost of such things as seed, fuel and chemicals.

Farmers whose loans were "stockpiled" by the agency had to wait until surplus
money appropriated to other regions was freed up. "It's looking pretty good,
that's the easiest way to put it," Hogan said. "So far, we have no loans that
are being stockpiled. Everything that's coming in, as soon as it's approved,
it's funded. So it looks like we should be able to handle all our operating
loans for this year." Direct loans, in which the FSA acts as the lender, are in
very good shape, Hogan said. The agency has more than $22 million in loan funds
for regular farmers and another $1 million for beginning farmers. "Most of the
time, we would have used up our North Dakota allocation by this time of the
year," Hogan said. "We would have to wait until June or sometimes July to wait
for pooling (funds from other regions)." More farmers take advantage of the
agency's guaranteed loan program, in which the FSA promises to pay back a bank
loan should the farmer default. "The demand is coming mostly from the guaranteed
loans," Hogan said. "That's where the bank has already got an existing customer,
and because there has been a slide in equity or the cash flow is tight, they are
applying for a guarantee because they want to keep this guy as a customer." When
loans were delayed, farmers had to ask their suppliers for credit to get the
seed, fuel and chemicals they needed to put in their crop.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2000 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Market for High-Quality Farm Loans Touted at Conference;
Mabsco Agricultural Services, a Joint Effort by 15 State Bankers Associations,
Arranges Participations with Rabobank Nederland

                            December 2, 1985, Monday

By ANDREA BENNETT

DATELINE: DALLAS


In the current depressed agricultural economy, it sometimes seems there is no
way a farm bank can increase its profits.

But bankers attending the recent American Bankers Association agricultural
bankers conference were told that by reselling their loans in the secondary
market or by arranging loan participations, they can significantly increase
their banks' income. And they were told the markets for these loans already
exist.

Mabsco Agricultural Services Inc., or MASI, is an agricultural credit
corporation that allows farm banks to sell loan participations in their
short-term agricultural credits. Longer-term loans can be sold into a secondary
market that exists for loans guaranteed by the Farmers Home Administration, John
Birch, president of First National Bank in Tonkawa, Okla., told the bankers.

MASI is a joint effort by state bankers associations in 15 southern and
midwestern states. Bankers in those states can sell loan participations through
MASI to Rabobank Nederland, a $39 billion-asset agricultural bank based in the
Netherlands. Currently, MASI estimates about 175 banks are selling loans to
Rabobank.

States involved in MASI are Arkansas, Colorado, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas,
Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, North and South Dakota, Oklahoma,
Oregon, and Wisconsin.

With problems in the Farm Credit System, the nation's largest agricultural
lender, causing more farmers to turn to banks for loans, ''this program is
becoming even more important,'' James C. Potter, executive vice president and
chief operating officer of MASI, told the bankers.

He said MASI's purpose is to ''provide a dependable and competitive source of
funds for community bankers.''

But community bankers can also increase their profits by selling loans through
MASI, because the program allows banks to significantly enhance yields on loans
sold to Rabobank, Mr. Potter said.

Room for Yield Enhancement

Currently, a farm bank might be charging anywhere between 12% and 13.5% on a
short-term operating loans to its customers. The bank can then turn around and
sell up to 80% of the loan to Rabobank at a participation rate that is currently
at about 10.1% for short-term loans. That leaves ''substantial room'' for yield
enhancement, Mr. Potter said.

In addition to increasing profits, selling participations also allows farm banks
to serve larger farmers in their area who would otherwise have to go to banks
with higher credit limits, Mr. Potter said.

MASI also hopes to expand the program soon to let banks sell participations in
real estate loans. The credit corporation hopes to launch the program in
Oklahoma, Minnesota, Illinois, and South Dakota, where state laws regarding
alien farm ownership are less restrictive than some of the other states MASI
operates in, Mr. Potter said.

But bankers wanting to sell longer-term farm loans can use an existing market
for selling FmHA-guaranteed loans, Mr. Birch of First National Bank said.
Bankers using the program can sell the guaranteed portion of the loan - the FmHA
will guarantee up to 90% of farm loans - in the secondary market by assigning
the guarantee to the new buyer of the loan, he said.

He added that his bank, which currently has 68% of its farm loans under the FmHA
guarantee program, has used the secondary market frequently.

Reselling the loan helps give small community banks access to national money
markets and brings money from outside the area into often depressed farm
communities. It also serves both as a liquidity and asset management tool for
the bank, Mr. Birch said.

Fees and premiums that investors have paid for loans their banks have sold have
increased the yield on farm loans to as high as 20.5% over the life of the loan,
he said. Currently, the secondary market is strongest for longer-term loans, and
there ''is not much of a market for annual operating loans,'' Mr. Birch said.

Although a secondary market for farm loans already exists, whether farm banks
will be able to access it is another matter. Mr. Birch said the secondary market
for FmHA-guaranteed loans has diminished recently. In addition, he said
investors are not willing to pay premiums as high as they once did to buy the
loans.

And not all bankers will be able to sell their loans. Both the secondary market
and MASI will only buy high-quality farm loans, something that is becoming more
of a rarity for many bankers.

''I knew there was a catch here,'' one banker in the audience muttered to
himself on hearing that.

SECTION: AGRICULTURAL LENDING; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 753 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                              64 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      June 3, 1986, Tuesday, Final Edition

Pressure Building on Rural Bankers;
Colorado Mayor Tries to Balance Concerns of Farmers, Depositors

BYLINE: By T.R. Reid, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A11

LENGTH: 1009 words

DATELINE: YUMA, Colo.


"Hard times hit Yuma in the Dirty Thirties," notes this farm community's
official history, published as part of the town's centennial celebration this
year. "By 1934, one person in seven in the county was receiving some kind of
relief. Two out of three Yuma banks failed . . . the one bank surviving was the
Farmers State Bank."

Don Starnes was a child when the Depression and dust storms of the "Dirty
Thirties" swept over the high plains of eastern Colorado. But for him, those
events are hardly ancient history.

Now mayor and president of that "one surviving bank," Starnes said he is
determined to see that the Farmers State Bank of Yuma again survives hard times
in farm country.

"It's probably hard for people somewhere else to realize what's going on,
because the economy's going strong for them," Starnes said. "But the economy in
rural America is not good. Fact is, it's about as bad as it's been since the
Depression."

For bankers in rural America, the economic crisis has brought personal and
professional pressure unmatched in decades. Daily, men and women such as Starnes
find themselves in a vise between their anguish at the plight of troubled farm
borrowers and their obligations to depositors, investors and bank regulators.

"It's very -- well, very . . . unpleasant," Starnes said, groping for the right
adjective. "It's unpleasant and hard, real hard, when you have to go to a farmer
you've known for years and you have to foreclose, take away that fellow's home
and his livelihood.

"Fact is, though, we're loaning other people's money -- it's the depositors'
money. And you have protect that money, or there's no bank."

The task of serving these conflicting interests has become unbearable for some
rural bankers, at least two of whom committed suicide last winter in farm
communities, apparently because of job pressure. Hundreds have left the
industry. At banking conventions, training sessions on "stress management" are
jammed with officers of small country banks.

Most rural banks have managed to protect depositors' money during the last four
difficult years. Despite news media attention to failures of some banks, the
number of U.S. banks in trouble -- in cities and in farm country -- is a small
portion of the national banking community.

The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation's list of "problem banks," those whose
bad loans threaten to eat their equity, included 1,260 institutions in May --
8.5 percent of the 14,893 banks insured by the FDIC.

To avoid trouble with the FDIC and state or federal bank regulators, country
bankers all over have resorted to many of the techniques used here by Starnes to
keep his institution profitable while farm land values and farm product prices
have plummeted.

The business-school answer to this small bank's problems might be to diversify
its loan portfolio, but that is not a realistic alternative. Yuma is a farm town
-- a fact reflected on the town's official seal, which includes depictions of a
shock of wheat, an ear of corn, a center-pivot irrigation sprinkler and the big
cooperative elevator here that can hold enough wheat for 250,000 loaves of
bread.

Starnes, as mayor and bank president, said he would "love to bring some light
industry into this town." But all efforts have been unavailing, and agriculture
remains Yuma's only industry. Starnes' challenge, accordingly, is to keep his
bank healthy while serving a sick industry.

Most of the bank's loan portfolio consists of two kinds of farm loans. One sort
has a term of about five years for purchase of farm equipment. The other is the
traditional one-year "operating loan," in which a farmer borrows in the spring
to fund seed, fuel and labor expenses, then repays in the fall using proceeds
from the harvest.

Over the last five years, Starnes has markedly changed his loan requirements.
"It's no longer just collateral financing," he explained. "Now we're into
cash-flow financing. We have to figure out very carefully whether this fellow
can meet his loan payments."

To do that, the bank and each farm borrower meet each spring and complete a
detailed cash-flow analysis. The farmer estimates, to the dollar, his monthly
costs in 24 categories such as fertilizer, irrigation, feeder livestock and
mortgage payment. The bank's computer matches this against projected earnings to
determine how big an operating loan the farmer will receive.

"We get Joe Blow in here wanting a loan to plant 600 acres, and we have to tell
him, 'No, we don't think you can handle more than 300 this year,' " Starnes
said. "You know, we're restructuring the man's whole operation."

Some customers no longer qualify for loans. They were informed this spring that
they would receive no money to plant this year's crop.

Despite predictions last fall that tens of thousands of farmers would be denied
operating loans this spring, the number is evidently smaller. In Yuma, for
example, Starnes said he refused operating loans to only about two dozen of the
400-plus applicants.

Like almost every rural bank, the Farmers State Bank has "carried" some troubled
farmers for years in hopes they eventually will be able to pay back old loans.
"You give that man his operating loan this spring, maybe a little smaller loan
this time, even though he's behind on last year's," Starnes said.

Normally, that kind of decision would cause trouble with the regulators. But
when FDIC and Colorado examiners were here last month, Starnes said, they were
"pretty receptive" to his defense of loans that would not have passed muster
five years ago.

The bright spot in this generally bleak picture is that the approximately $45
million in deposits here, tiny by city bank standards, have held steady through
recent bad years. "People keep their money with us because they're not going to
spend it," Starnes said.

"Fact is, you probably make more on your money now just leaving it in the bank
than you would putting it into a farm operation. For a farm community, that fact
right there tells you how badly off we really are."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Map, Colorado

                       Copyright 1986 The Washington Post


                              65 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Midwest Farm Banks Catch Flak for Keeping Interest Rates High

                              May 6, 1986, Tuesday

By ANDREA BENNETT

DATELINE: CHICAGO


Small Midwest farm lenders are finding something in common with the big
credit-card issuing banks: a barrage of criticism that their rates are too high.

Critical borrowers and lawmakers contend that rates on farm loans remain too
high despite the recent plunge in the prime and other key interest rates.
Bankers are catching flak from both farmers and congressmen, who claim that the
average rate of 13% on farm operating loans is much too high when the prime rate
is only 8.5%.

''At this point, it seems to me there isn't any linkage at all between what's
going on with national indicators and what's going on in the country,'' said
Rep. Cooper Evans, R-Iowa, a member of the House Agriculture Committee.

Rep. Evans said he gets ''an awful lot of calls from farmers who are extremely
sound financially who say, 'If I were in a different industry in a different
part of the country, I'd be getting the prime rate.'

''I think they've got a good point,'' he added.

But bankers defend the rates they are charging, saying they need the extra
cushion generated by higher interest rates to offset mounting losses on farm
loans. In Iowa, for example, where banks have come under especially heavy fire,
lenders retort that their loan losses amount to more than $600 million in the
last two years alone.

''The only way to recover those losses is through earnings,'' said Neil Milner,
executive vice president of the Iowa Bankers Association. ''We've got to have
higher rates.''

Mr. Milner also said most banks in the state have a significant percentage of
long-term deposits of six months or more, which cost more than short-term money.

''We don't get a lot of short-term, hot money,'' he said.  That means ''as rates
are on their way up, we tend to lag. Conversely, that same phenomenon that keeps
our rates low on the way up, keeps them high on the way down.''

Bankers May Be Getting Bum Rap

Dick Todd, an economist for the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis, agrees that
farm bankers may be getting a bum rap.  In a recent speech, he said the
perception that farmers have not benefited from recent interest rate declines
may be erroneous.

''Farmers' current income and debt problems have not prevented interest rates on
farm operating loans from falling,'' Mr. Todd told the Spring Conference on
Financial Intermediation at St. Cloud State University, Minn.

Mr. Todd said the comparison between the prime rate and farm loan rates may not
be a good one because it doesn't take into account the size, length, or purpose
of loans, all of which influence interest rates. A better comparison, he
suggested, would be between small farm loans and small business loans, which
tend to have similar features.

A study of those two types of loans shows that interest rates on both have moved
in tandem and have shown strikingly similar declines since 1982, he told the
conference.

In an interview, Mr. Todd said, ''The averages at a minimum cast doubt that
there is anything special about agricultural loans compared with other business
loans.''

But he also said the situation has changed slightly in the last two quarters.
Where before there was almost no gap between the two types of loans, now rates
on farm operating loans are about 80 to 90 basis points higher than average
rates for small business loans.

''That starts to mean some money,'' he said.  But Mr. Todd added, ''There has
been a perception that the spread has been much wider than that.''

A February survey by the Fed shows current rates for farm operating loans under
$100,000 are 12.76%, compared with 11.87% for business loans under $100,000, Mr.
Todd said.

The higher interest rates can have a significant impact on farmers, to whom a
change in the rate can often mean the difference between success or failure.
One Iowa economist, for example, has estimated that a one-point fall in interest
rates would save farmers in the state $150 million a year.

The high rates have also angered congressmen such as Rep. Evans. He recently
hammered away at farm bankers in federal committee hearings, calling their
interest rates ''unconscionable'' in light of the declines in the cost of funds
for bankers.

In an interview, he acknowledged that some farm banks were having earnings
problems. But he added, ''There are an awful lot of banks that, in my judgment,
aren't bringing those rates down because they don't have to.''

Banks don't have to bring down rates because financial problems at the troubled
Farm Credit System, the nation's largest farm lender, have weakened competitive
pressures, he said.

A recent agricultural survey of credit conditions in the last three months of
1985 in five Midwest states by the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago also agreed
with that conclusion. The survey showed that loan rates in those states ranged
in that period from a low of 12.34% in Michigan to 13.14% in Iowa.  Peter J.
Heffernan, author of the survey, attributed the difference to both greater
earnings pressure at Iowa banks and lessened competitive pressure from the Farm
Credit System. The Omaha bank of the Farm Credit System, which serves Iowa, was
one of the hardest hit in the system.

But Mr. Milner of the Iowa Bankers Association doesn't buy this argument.
''When we've got 627-some banks in the state, its difficult to see how you don't
have any competition,'' he said.

He also denied that customers had been complaining about the rates. ''It has not
been a problem,'' he said. ''Most customers are concerned with having access to
funds, not rates.''

Despite the concern over high farm rates, Rep. Evans said that he does not
believe any legislative action will be taken. ''This country has been through
this business of legislating interest rates, and it doesn't work.''

SECTION: AGRICULTURAL LENDING; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 961 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1986 American Banker, Inc.


                              66 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Farm Credit Chief Says System Faces Breakup In 2 Years Without Contingency
Bailout Plans

                           September 6, 1985, Friday

Washington Bureau;
Reporter David Zigas of Munifacts News Wire Services contributed to this story

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Federal Farm Credit System could face piece-by-piece dismantling within 18
months to two years unless contingency plans for a federal bailout are in place
by then, Farm Credit Administration governor Donald E. Wilkinson said Thursday.

Speaking at a packed press conference at the agency's offices in McLean, Va.,
Mr. Wilkinson said that the entire agricultural community faces ''the most
severe crisis since the Depression.''

The federally chartered, privately owned credit system no longer has sufficient
resources to take care of its own problems unless ''major forces'' improve the
economy of the agricultural sector, he said.

At the same time, Mr. Wilkinson said the system currently is solvent and can
meet obligations to holders of the approximately $74 billion of bonds supported
by its portfolio of farm loans.

Mr. Wilkinson declined to put a dollar figure on the size of an aid package,
except to acknowledge that it would be ''a multibillion-dollar'' deal. However,
Rep. Cooper Evans, R-Iowa, a member of the congressional rural caucus, has
estimated that the system will require somewhere between $10 billion and $20
billion.

Several approaches are being considered to provide assistance, Mr.  Wilkinson
said. They include: creation of a new government-guaranteed security backed by
farm loans; establishment of an organization to acquire nonperforming loans; a
direct infusion of cash; or a buydown of interest rates to farmers.

The Farm Credit System has been informed by Agriculture Secretary John Block
that it must marshal and exhaust all of its own resources before approaching
Congress for a bailout, Mr. Wilkinson said.

The FCA, which regulates the system, has taken steps in this direction by
adopting new rules that will allow it to compel healthy member institutions to
share the losses of ailing banks. Mr. Wilkinson said the only intra-system
assistance package now under way is a $300 million to $400 million transfer to
the Omaha district, and that is being undertaken voluntarily by the members.

The 37 banks that compose the system are jointly and severally liable for all
borrowing done by member institutions.

FCA deputy governor Larry Edwards said the Farm Credit System still has $9.2
billion in reserves, half of which consists of members' capital stock, and
another $500 million in reserves among member banks.

Initial reaction by banking sources to the announced intentions of the Farm
Credit Administration was cautious.

Any government assistance plan to bail out the troubled Farm Credit System must
be broad enough to also aid the ailing commercial banking sector, which provides
shorter-term agricultural credit, an Independent Bankers Association of America
spokesman said.

Most 1985 Bank Failures Agricultural

More than half of this year's 77 failed banks so far have been agricultural
banks. In addition, more than 400 agricultural banks are on the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corp.'s problem bank list of more than 1,000 troubled institutions,
and the proportion is rising.

According to Weldon Barton, agriculture credit specialist for the Independent
Bankers Association, deterioration of the farm banking system will continue this
fall and next spring when farm refinancings occur.

Mr. Barton said that one of the options proposed by the Farm Credit
Administration is strongly supported by his banking group. ''We had initiated an
interest rate buydown feature which we recommended to Congress,'' he said.  In
the current general farm bill, pending House and Senate final approval, almost
$490 million is authorized for sharing in buydowns on farm loan interest rates,
Mr. Barton said. Structurally, this would involve a 2% buydown by the federal
government and a 2% buydown shared between a farm credit institution and a
commercial lender. Maximum buydowns on interest rates would not exceed 4%, Mr.
Barton said.

Mr. Barton said that a secondary market for agriculture loans was appealing to
banks, as long as loans held by commercial banks were included in any loan
packaging plans.

''The problem is that you also have a large backlog of financed operating farm
debt held by commercial banks. To have commercial banks extend operating credit
to farmers, we must first deal with this backlog of existing debt. For the
farmer to continue operating next year, the commercial banks must extend
operating credit.''

According to Mr. Barton, some $212 billion of total farm debt outstanding is
held by all lenders. The Federal Credit System holds $74 billion.  Commercial
banks hold $51 billion of farm debt. The Farmer Home Administation holds $25
billion to $30 billion. The Commodity Credit Corp. and insurance companies hold
significant long-term debt, and another $25 billion to $30 billion is held by
individuals largely in the form of loans between farmers.

The main difference between commercial banks and Farm Credit banks is that
commercial banks generally hold short-term operating credit and credit extended
for five to seven years for machinery or livestock. The Farm Credit System holds
short- and long-term loans, but the largest part is held by the Federal Land
banks, totaling about $50 billion in real estate credit.

SECTION: AGRICULTURAL LENDING; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 869 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                              67 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Columbia Basin Herald, Moses Lake, Wash.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 14, 2013 Sunday

New USDA loan program helps new, specialty farmers

BYLINE: Tiffany Sukola, Columbia Basin Herald, Moses Lake, Wash.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 438 words


April 14--EPHRATA -- Basin farmers can take advantage of a new funding program
through the U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency to help finance
start-up costs.

Libby Anderson, FSA farm loan manager for Grant and Adams counties, said the
Micro Loan program gives new farmers and specialty farmers more access to
credit.

"This is a new program we haven't had before," she said Thursday. "We're hoping
to reach some of those niche markets that can't get funding elsewhere."

Eligible applicants can get a Micro Loan for up to $35,000, according to an FSA
news release. The funds can be used to pay for initial start up costs; annual
expenses such as fertilizer, seed, rent and utilities; livestock or equipment
purchases or minor farm improvements like wells and coolers.

The repayment term of the loan may vary, according to the news release, but it
won't exceed seven years.

Anderson said she hopes the new loan program encourages people who are thinking
about starting a farm operation to take that next step.

"As long they have a mentor or someone to help them, they don't have to
necessarily have farmed in the past," said Anderson.

Smaller farming operations like specialty crop producers or operators of
community supported agriculture are also encouraged to apply for Micro Loans,
according to the release.

Funding typically goes to beginning and minority farmers first, but other
applicants are accepted as well, said Anderson.

She said the agency also has other loan programs for farmers in the area to
consider.

Direct Operating loans may be made for one to seven years with a current
operating interest rate of 1.375 percent, which is subject to change each month.
Eligible applicants can obtain a direct operating loan for up to $300,000.

The funds can be used to build or repair buildings, pay for soil and water
conservation practices or refinance debts, according to the release.

The agency also has Direct Farm Ownership loans for up to $300,000. The funds
can be used to purchase a farm, according to the news release.

The terms of the farm ownership loan may extend to 40 years with a current
interest rate of 3.5 percent.

Farmers can also apply for participation farm ownership loans, which are made
with FSA and a commercial lender, according to the release.

"We still have money available at very low interest rates," said Anderson. "We
want to help a lot of people who can't get funding elsewhere."

For more information on FSA loans, call 509-754-2463 ext. 2.

___ (c)2013 the Columbia Basin Herald, Wash. Visit the Columbia Basin Herald,
Wash. at www.columbiabasinherald.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130414-1CO-New-USDA-loan
-program-helps-new-specialty-farmers-0414-20130414

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CO


                      Copyright 2013 Columbia Basin Herald


                              68 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Hendricks Pioneer

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                February 4, 2009

CCC and FSA interest rates

BYLINE: submitted by Martin S. Wilson, County Executive Director for the Lincoln
County FSA Office, Ivanhoe, MN.

LENGTH: 217  words


USDA's Farm Service Agency provides Commodity Credit Corporation loans on
certain commodities to the farmers who produced the crops. For 2008 crop year
commodity and marketing assistance loans, the interest rate for loans disbursed
during February is 1.375, down from 1.625 in January.

March 31 is the final loan availability date for 2008-crop wheat,

barley, oats, and honey. May 31 is the final availability date for 2008-crop
corn and soybeans.

The current Loan Deficiency Payment rate for shorn wool and wool from unshorn
pelts is 29 cents per pound.

The interest rate for farm storage facility loans approved for February is 1.875
percent, down from 2.125 in January.

The interest rate for Farm Service Agency's Direct Farm Ownership loans is 3.75
percent for up to 40 years for qualifying applicants. The interest rate for
Begin-

ning Farmer and Socially Disadvantaged Applicant Downpayment Farm Ownership
loans is 1.5 percent for eligible applicants. The interest rate for annual
operating loans and youth loans is 2.125 percent. To apply for farm ownership
loans, farm operating loans, or youth loans, interest people should contact the
county FSA's farm loan program credit team at (507) 537-1401.

For answers to additional questions, people may contact USDA's Lincoln County
FSA Office at (507) 694-1644.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HND

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2009 Hendricks Pioneer


                              69 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           October 8, 1986, Wednesday

FARM CREDIT SURPLUS NEARING DEPLETION?

BYLINE: (AP)

SECTION: COMMODITIES, Pg. 18B

LENGTH: 573 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


As lawmakers hurry through a bill to keep the ailing Farm Credit System afloat,
a report forecasts that exhaustion of the system's surplus earnings ''in the
relatively near future seems inevitable."

''The near term outlook for the financial condition of the agricultural economy
and for interest rates provides little evidence that the causes of the system's
problems will reverse themselves at any time in the near future," says he report
from the General Accounting Office.

"What is important is that the causes of the system's problems are unlikely to
reverse themselves and for this reason exhaustion of system surplus in the
relatively near futureseems inevitable," says the report by the congressional
investigative agency.

As it pushes to clear its calendar and adjourn, Congress is working on
legislation that would allow interest-rate decisions to be made by the lending
cooperatives within the Farm Credit System themselves rather than the Farm
Credit Administration.

The FCA is the regulatory agency that supervises the system.

The bill sponsored by Rep. Ed Jones, D-Tenn., also would provide for accounting
changes that even the Farm Credit System's friends in Congress acknowledge would
amount to an unusual juggling act.

For example, the measure would enable the system's institutions to amortize
non-performing loans over 20 years rather than having to absorb the losses
immediately.

Rep. Edward R. Madigan, R-Ill., a co-sponsor of the Jones bill, has suggested
that two sets of books should be kept, one under traditional accounting methods
and the other under those envisioned by the legislation.

The legislation does not provide any shot of cash to revive the system and
Congress might have to take another look at the problem next year.

The GAO report details the mounting problems of the Farm Credit System and
predicts a $ 2.9 billion operating loss for 1986.

The report shows the system being squeezed on the one hand by a heavy increase
in bad loans and on the other by costs - primarily high interest costs under
arrangements cemented before rates went down.

"The system's financial condition deteriorated significantly during 1985," the
report said. "During that year, the system incurred an operating loss of $ 2.8
billion. The operating loss was absorbed by surpluses that were built up from
prior years' earnings."

But the payout reduced the surplus in the system from $ 6.2 billion at the close
of 1984 to $ 3.2 billion at the end of 1985.

"If these difficulties continue .  .  .  we project that the system could incur
an operating loss of $ 2.9 billion for 1986, which would essentially deplete the
system's remaining surplus. However, the system would still have $ 9.6 billion
in total capital."

In 1985, loans on which interest accruals have been suspended because they are
not considered fully collectible jumped from $ 1.8 billion to $ 5.1 billion. By
June 1986, the amount had grown to $ 7.6 billion.

The system's allowance, or reserve, to cover loan losses increased in 1985 from
$ 1.3 billion to $ 3.2 billion.

The report said that many of the system's problem loans are not being repaid
according to terms. It said many are not backed by full collateral.

"Because the system's loan portfolio is essentially related to the depressed
agricultural economy, there is little hope of relief for the system's loan
portfolio problems during the next few years."

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1986 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              70 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Evening Sun (Hanover, Pennsylvania)

                              May 20, 2011 Friday

News in brief for Saturday, May 21

SECTION: LOCAL; News

LENGTH: 656 words


FSA farm loans available

Richard Crouse for USDA's Farm Service Agency in Adams County reminds producers
that FSA offers specially targeted farm loans known as Socially Disadvantaged
(SDA) and Beginning Farmer loans are available. These loan programs are designed
to help farmers purchase and operate family farms.

According to Crouse, FSA reserves a portion of its loan funds each year for SDA
loans. USDA defines a socially disadvantaged farmer as one of a group whose
members have been subjected to racial, ethnic or gender prejudice because of
their identity as members of the group without regard to their individual
qualities. For purposes of this program, socially disadvantaged groups are
women, African Americans, American Indians, Alaskan natives, Hispanics, and
Asians and Pacific Islanders.

Direct loans are made to applicants by FSA and include both farm operating and
farm ownership loans. Repayment terms for direct operating loans depend on the
collateral securing the loan and usually run from one to seven years. Crouse
says that repayment terms for direct ownership loans can be as long as 40 years.
Interest rates for direct loans are set periodically according to the
government's cost of borrowing.

Applicants must meet the eligibility requirements for a given program before FSA
can extend program benefits. For more information or applications for all FSA
direct loan programs contact the local FSA Office at: USDA Farm Service Agency,
670 Old Harrisburg Road, Suite 203, Gettysburg, PA 17325, or call 717-334-4216.

Search on for 2011 Miss Hanover

The Hanover Area Jaycees are currently looking for contestants to participate in
the 2011 Miss Hanover pageant set for Monday, Oct. 24.

To participate, the girls must be seniors during the 2011-2012 school year and
must attend one of the following high schools: Delone, South Western, Hanover,
New Oxford, Spring Grove or Littlestown.

The girls will be judged in the areas of interview, evening gown and talent for
the chance to take home the title of Miss Hanover, as well as several
scholarships and cash awards. The winner of the pageant will also represent the
community at the 2011 Hanover Halloween Parade and at other local events
sponsored by the Jaycees throughout the year.

For more information, contact Trisha Weaver, 2011 Miss Hanover Pageant
Contestant Sub-chair, at 717-578-2548 or email shaffer_trisha@yahoo.com

Lincoln Highway group plans bus trip

The Lincoln Highway Heritage Corridor is sponsoring a one-day bus trip along
Lincoln Highway from Chambersburg to Columbia and back on Friday, June 24.

The trip will be guided by Dr. Fred Gantz, adjunct professor at Harrisburg Area
Community College. Dr. Gantz will share little known facts about this country's
first coast-to-coast route.

Trip includes a tour of the historical Shoe House, in Hellam, lunch at
Prudhomme's in Columbia, tour the Turkey Hill Experience, a guided tour of the
circa 1814 First National Bank Museum, dinner at the Altland House in
Abbottstown and Mister Ed's Elephant Museum.

The travel package, $110 per person, includes the guided tours of the Shoe House
and First National Bank Museum as well as admission to the Turkey Hill
Experience, lunch and dinner. No refunds.

Reservations are available at www.LHHC.org or call 724-238-9030.

Charter school to host info session

Commonwealth Connections Academy (CCA), a virtual charter school, will host a
local information session to educate parents and families about CCA's
curriculum, 6:30 p.m. Tuesday, May 31, at Days Inn Gettysburg, 865 York Road,
Gettysburg.

During the session, participants will explore CCA's individualized learning
approach, curriculum, the technology-enhanced learning environment and the
enrollment process. Curriculum samples and opportunities for questions and
answers will be available.

CCA now serves Pennsylvania students in grades kindergarten through 12 and is
currently enrolling students for the next school year.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 21, 2014 Sunday

Washington: Farm Bill Offers Increased Financing Opportunities for Producers

LENGTH: 332  words

DATELINE: Washington


Small Business Administration has issued the following news release:

The 2014 Farm Bill offers increased opportunities for producers including farm
loan program modifications that create flexibility for new and existing farmers.
A fact sheet outlining modifications to the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
(USDA) Farm Service Agency (FSA) Farm Loan Programs is available here.

The Farm Bill expands lending opportunities for thousands of farmers and
ranchers to begin and continue operations, including greater flexibility in
determining eligibility, raising loan limits, and emphasizing beginning and
socially disadvantaged producers.

Changes that will take effect immediately include:

Elimination of the 15 year term limit for guaranteed operating loans.
 Modification of the definition of beginning farmer, using the average farm size
for the county as a qualifier instead of the median farm size.
 Modification of the Joint Financing Direct Farm Ownership Interest Rate to 2
percent less than regular Direct Farm Ownership rate, with a floor of 2.5
percent. Previously, the rate was established at 5 percent.
 Increase of the maximum loan amount for Direct Farm Ownership Down Payment Loan
Program from $225,000 to $300,000.
 Elimination of rural residency requirement for Youth Loans, allowing urban
youth to benefit.
 Debt forgiveness on Youth Loans, which will not prevent borrowers from
obtaining additional loans from the federal government.
 Increase of the guaranteed percentage on Conservation Loans from 75 to 80
percent and 90 percent for socially disadvantaged borrowers and beginning
farmers.
 Microloans will not count toward direct operating loan term limits for veterans
and beginning farmers.

Additional modifications must be implemented through the rulemaking processes.
Visit the FSA Farm Bill website for detailed information and updates to farm
loan programs.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 14, 2014 Sunday

Washington: New Farm Bill Offers Increased Opportunities for Producers

LENGTH: 337  words

DATELINE: Washington


U.S. Small Business Administration, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

The 2014 Farm Bill offers increased opportunities for producers including farm
loan program modifications that create flexibility for new and existing farmers.
A fact sheet outlining modifications to the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
(USDA) Farm Service Agency (FSA) Farm Loan Programs is available here.

The Farm Bill expands lending opportunities for thousands of farmers and
ranchers to begin and continue operations, including greater flexibility in
determining eligibility, raising loan limits, and emphasizing beginning and
socially disadvantaged producers.

Changes that will take effect immediately include:

· Elimination of the 15 year term limit for guaranteed operating loans.

· Modification of the definition of beginning farmer, using the average farm
size for the county as a qualifier instead of the median farm size.

· Modification of the Joint Financing Direct Farm Ownership Interest Rate to 2
percent less than regular Direct Farm Ownership rate, with a floor of 2.5
percent. Previously, the rate was established at 5 percent.

· Increase of the maximum loan amount for Direct Farm Ownership Down Payment
Loan Program from $225,000 to $300,000.

· Elimination of rural residency requirement for Youth Loans, allowing urban
youth to benefit.

· Debt forgiveness on Youth Loans, which will not prevent borrowers from
obtaining additional loans from the federal government.

· Increase of the guaranteed percentage on Conservation Loans from 75 to 80
percent and 90 percent for socially disadvantaged borrowers and beginning
farmers.

· Microloans will not count toward direct operating loan term limits for
veterans and beginning farmers.

Additional modifications must be implemented through the rulemaking processes.
Visit the FSA Farm Bill website for detailed information and updates to farm
loan programs.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Easing the Farm Loan Interest Problem;
Two Iowa Banks Act on Their Own To Slash Cost of Agricultural Credit

                            March 7, 1985, Thursday

By ANDREA BENNETT

DATELINE: CHICAGO


Two banks in Iowa have taken matters into their own hands and slashed the
interest rates they will be charging on farm loans this year.

The Union Bank & Trust Co., Strawberry Point, and Farmers & Merchants Bank &
Trust, Burlington, said they are willing to take cuts in profits in order to
make sure that farmers in their area are able to plant this spring.

''Something had to be done, and we felt the likelihood of anything happening in
time, at least for our people, was pretty remote,'' said William Kuehn, vice
president and farm representative for Farmers & Merchants Bank & Trust.

Farmers & Merchants set aside $5 million for low interest loans to farmers who
need operating loans for the coming year. The bank will charge 10% interest, a
drop of 3.5 percentage points from the 13.5% it had been charging for operating
loans.

The Union Bank & Trust Co. also said it set aside $3 million to make 12%
operating loans to its customers. That rate is a decline of two percentage
points from its normal 14% rate.

Recent surveys show that many farmers are having a difficult time lining up
financing for this year's operations. Efforts are under way at both the state
and federal levels to help farmers get financing, but these efforts are running
up against a traditional March deadline when most farmers have to renew
operating loans.

On Wednesday, President Reagan vetoed a $1.85 billion farm debt relief bill
raising funding for federal guarantees of farm loans made by private lending
institutions to $2.5 billion from $650 million. It also would have provided $100
million to help rural banks lower interest rates on troubled farm loans.

Herbert M. Surom Jr., executive vice president of the Union Bank & Trust, said
the purpose of the low-interest loans was ''to try to get farmers in the field.
And maybe later the federal programs will be able to help.''

The bank began making the 12% loans on March 1 and expects to continue the
program through Dec. 1. The bank loaned about $100,000 in the first few days of
the program and expects the $3 million it has set aside ''to take care of all
our customers,'' Mr. Surom said.

Cutting loan rates will ''decrease [bank profits] somewhat,'' Mr. Surom said,
but he added that the bank decided to do it because ''we felt this is one way we
could help farmers in our area.''

Farmers & Merchants began making the low-interest loans in mid-February.
''We're going to get our customers through this season,'' Mr. Kuehn said, but he
added that he didn't know how long the bank could continue to offer low-interest
loans.

''It will have to be cut off sometime because we can't bear the costs forever,''
he said.

The $73.3 million-asset bank has been profitable in the past, he said, but
offering the low-interest loans may change that.

''We will probably not make the money [this year], but our farm customers aren't
going to be making any money either,'' Mr. Kuehn said. ''We're going to share
the load.''

Mr. Surom said other banks have also talked about cutting loan rates, and he
expected some might do so. Mr. Kuehn wasn't so sure.

''A lot of banks don't have any earnings to share,'' he said. ''Those that do
are scared to death what the next 18 months have in store for them.''

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 543 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                              74 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   Turtle Mountain Star (Rolla, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 4, 2011

Farm Service Agency offering guaranteed loans

BYLINE: Turtle Mountain Star staff

LENGTH: 248  words


The Farm Service Agency can make direct and guaranteed loans to socially
disadvantaged applicants to buy and operate family-sized farms and ranches.
Funds for these loans are reserved each year.

A socially disadvantaged applicant is one of a group whose members have been
subjected to racial, ethnic or gender prejudice because of his or her identity
as members of the group without regard to his or her individual qualities. For
purposes of this program, socially disadvantaged groups are women, African
Americans, American Indians, Alaskan Natives, Hispanics, Asian Americans and
Pacific Islanders.

Direct loans may be made to applicants by FSA for both farm operating and farm
ownership loans. Guaranteed farm loans also may be made for ownership or
operating purposes, and may be made by any lending institution subject to
federal or stale supervision (e.g., banks and units of the Farm Credit System)
and guaranteed by FSA. FSA typically guarantees 90 to 95 percent of a loan
against any loss that might be incurred if the loan fails.

Persons who are primarily and directly engaged in farming and ranching on
family-size operations may apply.

Socially disadvantaged loan applicants do not receive automatic approval.
Individual applicants under this program must meet all requirements for FSA's
regular farm loan program assistance.

Contact the Bottineau County FSA Office Farm Loan Program staff or USDA Service
Center for more information.

USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TUR

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2011 Turtle Mountain Star


                              75 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 28, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: New Farm Bill Offers Increased Opportunities for Producers

LENGTH: 308  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

The 2014 Farm Bill offers increased opportunities for producers including farm
loan program modifications that create flexibility for new and existing farmers.
A fact sheet outlining modifications to the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
(USDA) Farm Service Agency (FSA) Farm Loan Programs is available here.

The Farm Bill expands lending opportunities for thousands of farmers and
ranchers to begin and continue operations, including greater flexibility in
determining eligibility, raising loan limits, and emphasizing beginning and
socially disadvantaged producers.

Changes that will take effect immediately include:

· Elimination of the 15 year term limit for guaranteed operating loans.

· Modification of the definition of beginning farmer, using the average farm
size for the county as a qualifier instead of the median farm size.

· Modification of the Joint Financing Direct Farm Ownership Interest Rate to 2
percent less than regular Direct Farm Ownership rate, with a floor of 2.5
percent. Previously, the rate was established at 5 percent.

· Increase of the maximum loan amount for Direct Farm Ownership Down Payment
Loan Program from $225,000 to $300,000.

· Elimination of rural residency requirement for Youth Loans, allowing urban
youth to benefit.

· Debt forgiveness on Youth Loans, which will not prevent borrowers from
obtaining additional loans from the federal government.

· Increase of the guaranteed percentage on Conservation Loans from 75 to 80
percent and 90 percent for socially disadvantaged borrowers and beginning
farmers.

· Microloans will not count toward direct operating loan term limits for
veterans and beginning farmers.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Tyler Tribute

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                February 4, 2009

CCC and FSA interest rates

BYLINE: Tyler Tribute staff

LENGTH: 235  words


submitted by Martin S. Wilson, County Executive Director for the Lincoln County
FSA Office, Ivanhoe, MN.

USDA's Farm Service Agency provides Commodity Credit Corporation loans on
certain commodities to the farmers who produced the crops. For 2008 crop year
commodity and marketing assistance loans, the interest rate for loans disbursed
during February is 1.375, down from 1.625 in January.

March 31 is the final loan availability date for 2008-crop wheat, barley, oats,
and honey. May 31 is the final availability date for 2008-crop corn and
soybeans.

The current Loan Deficiency Payment rate for shorn wool and wool from unshorn
pelts is 29 cents per pound.

The interest rate for farm storage facility loans approved for February is 1.875
percent, down from 2.125 in January.

The interest rate for Farm Service Agency's Direct Farm Ownership loans is 3.75
percent for up to 40 years for qualifying applicants. The interest rate for
Beginning Farmer and Socially Disadvantaged Applicant Down payment Farm
Ownership loans is 1.5 percent for eligible applicants. The interest rate for
annual operating loans and youth loans is 2.125 percent. To apply for farm
ownership loans, farm operating loans, or youth loans, interest people should
contact the county FSA's farm loan program credit team at (507) 537-1401.

For answers to additional questions, people may contact USDA's Lincoln County
FSA Office at (507) 694-1644.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Education

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TYL

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2009 Tyler Tribute


                              77 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 28, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: New Farm Bill Offers Increased Opportunities for Producers

LENGTH: 308  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

The 2014 Farm Bill offers increased opportunities for producers including farm
loan program modifications that create flexibility for new and existing farmers.
A fact sheet outlining modifications to the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
(USDA) Farm Service Agency (FSA) Farm Loan Programs is available here.

The Farm Bill expands lending opportunities for thousands of farmers and
ranchers to begin and continue operations, including greater flexibility in
determining eligibility, raising loan limits, and emphasizing beginning and
socially disadvantaged producers.

Changes that will take effect immediately include:

· Elimination of the 15 year term limit for guaranteed operating loans.

· Modification of the definition of beginning farmer, using the average farm
size for the county as a qualifier instead of the median farm size.

· Modification of the Joint Financing Direct Farm Ownership Interest Rate to 2
percent less than regular Direct Farm Ownership rate, with a floor of 2.5
percent. Previously, the rate was established at 5 percent.

· Increase of the maximum loan amount for Direct Farm Ownership Down Payment
Loan Program from $225,000 to $300,000.

· Elimination of rural residency requirement for Youth Loans, allowing urban
youth to benefit.

· Debt forgiveness on Youth Loans, which will not prevent borrowers from
obtaining additional loans from the federal government.

· Increase of the guaranteed percentage on Conservation Loans from 75 to 80
percent and 90 percent for socially disadvantaged borrowers and beginning
farmers.

· Microloans will not count toward direct operating loan term limits for
veterans and beginning farmers.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Chronicle (Centralia, Washington)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 22, 2013 Tuesday

Farm Service Agency Allocates Funds for Minorities and Women

BYLINE: The Chronicle, Centralia, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 264 words


Oct. 22--The U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency on Monday
announced it has set aside a portion of its farm loan program funds specifically
for minority and women producers.

"While FSA farm loans are available to all qualified applicants, by setting
aside funds specifically for minorities and women, it ensures that they will
receive a portion of available funds," State Executive Director Judy Olson said.

According to the Department of Agriculture, loan funds can be used to purchase
farms, livestock and equipment. They also may be used to operate the farm, build
or repair farm buildings, pay for soil and water conservation practices, and in
some cases, refinance debts.

FSA offers both direct and guaranteed loans

For direct loans made by FSA to purchase a farm, the terms may extend to 40
years with a current interest rate of 4.125 percent.

Special programs are available for participation with a commercial lender.

For rates and terms and down-payment requirements, contact the local FSA office.

Direct operating loans may be made for one to seven years with a current
interest rate of 1.875 percent, which is subject to change.

The FSA guaranteed loans are made by banks or other lenders for which FSA
guarantees up to 90 percent of any loss.

The guaranteed loan program includes both operating and real estate loan
programs.

For additional information, contact Jeff Peterson, senior farm loan officer, at
(360) 748-0083, ext. 2

___ (c)2013 The Chronicle (Centralia, Wash.) Visit The Chronicle (Centralia,
Wash.) at www.chronline.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131022-1CE-Farm
-Service-Agency-Allocates-Funds-for-Minorities-and-Women-1022-20131022

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CE


                          Copyright 2013 The Chronicle


                              79 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Chronicle (Centralia, Washington)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 21, 2013 Monday

Farm Service Agency Allocates Funds for Minorities and Women

BYLINE: The Chronicle, Centralia, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 264 words


Oct. 21--The U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency on Monday
announced it has set aside a portion of its farm loan program funds specifically
for minority and women producers.

"While FSA farm loans are available to all qualified applicants, by setting
aside funds specifically for minorities and women, it ensures that they will
receive a portion of available funds," State Executive Director Judy Olson said.

According to the Department of Agriculture, loan funds can be used to purchase
farms, livestock and equipment. They also may be used to operate the farm, build
or repair farm buildings, pay for soil and water conservation practices, and in
some cases, refinance debts.

FSA offers both direct and guaranteed loans

For direct loans made by FSA to purchase a farm, the terms may extend to 40
years with a current interest rate of 4.125 percent.

Special programs are available for participation with a commercial lender.

For rates and terms and down-payment requirements, contact the local FSA office.

Direct operating loans may be made for one to seven years with a current
interest rate of 1.875 percent, which is subject to change.

The FSA guaranteed loans are made by banks or other lenders for which FSA
guarantees up to 90 percent of any loss.

The guaranteed loan program includes both operating and real estate loan
programs.

For additional information, contact Jeff Peterson, senior farm loan officer, at
(360) 748-0083, ext. 2

___ (c)2013 The Chronicle (Centralia, Wash.) Visit The Chronicle (Centralia,
Wash.) at www.chronline.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131021-1CE-Farm
-Service-Agency-Allocates-Funds-for-Minorities-and-Women-1021-20131021

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CE


                          Copyright 2013 The Chronicle


                              80 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Many Debt-Ridden Farmers Are Finding Loans for Spring Planting

                            May 15, 1985, Wednesday

By RICHARD RINGER

DATELINE: CHICAGO


Keith Schippers couldn't make the most recent payment on a $180,000 loan from a
federal land bank. Before that, a production credit association seized much of
his farm equipment because he couldn't make the loan payments. Both creditors
have threatened to foreclose, but Mr. Schippers has managed to forestall the
proceedings.

Despite all these seemingly insurmountable financial problems, Mr.  Schippers
will be back farming this year. As soon as the fields dry from recent rains, Mr.
Schippers will be planting 250 acres of corn and 100 acres of soybeans.

Farming since he was 22, Mr. Schippers, now 40, isn't about to give up - even
with staggering financial problems. He posted bond with the production credit
association to get back 12 pieces of farm equipment needed for planting. And his
seed, fertilizer, and fuel suppliers extended credit totaling about $45,000 so
that he could plant his crops.

''I'll be in business again at least this year,'' Mr. Schippers said recently as
he waited for his muddy fields to dry.

Mr. Schippers isn't alone. Many debt-ridden farmers, written off just weeks ago
as having no chance of getting production loans for this year, are beating the
odds. Like Mr. Schippers, these highly leveraged farmers have found sources of
financing needed for spring planting - and hopefully, another chance of a
turnaround that would keep them on the farm where they desperately want to stay.


Only a Few Won't Get Loans

As the planting season got into in full swing this month, experts estimated that
slightly less than 10% of the nation's financially troubled farmers would fail
to get production loans this spring. Officials at the Federal Reserve Bank of
Kansas City and the Department of Agriculture think the number may be even
smaller. Their projection is that 5% of farmers will not qualify for production
loans because they are considered to be already too highly leveraged. That is
only slightly above the historical average of about 3%. Only two months ago, the
estimates were that upwards of 15% of the debt-troubled farmers would not find
financing for this year.

For the farmers getting the financing, the timing couldn't be better.  Nearly
everywhere the weather has turned for the better, and plowing and planting has
begun or is about to begin.

The financing and credit so difficult to find in February, March, and early
April is now available from a variety of sources. Farm suppliers, such as in the
case of Mr. Schippers, are selling a considerable volume of goods on short-term
credit. Family members and neighbors are digging into life savings to help
younger farmers in many instances.

The Farmers Home Administration, the so-called lender of last resort for
farmers, has doled out a record $3 billion in operating loans since the fiscal
year began last October, topping last fiscal year's lending mark by $1 billion.
A number of states, particularly in the Midwest, have set up assistance programs
that subsidize interest payments on farm loans made by commercial banks.

Bankers, after some arm-twisting, are offering financing to farmers who are
willing to liquidate some of their assets, thus reducing their debt needs.
Bankers, too, are doing all they can to help their farm borrowers by introducing
some innovative financing techniques.

All these measures are being carried out in the hope that, with any luck at all,
the credit being extended this spring will put farmers back on track after five
of the most financially difficult years for them in recent history.

Misguided Hope?

Some experts, however, say the hope is misguided. And they are worried.

The fact that more financially troubled farmers than previously expected are
getting credit ''should not be interpreted as any easing of the overall economic
situation'' in the farm economy, warns Neil Harl, a respected and often quoted
economist at Iowa State University.

''The problem is still there. The basic elements'' that contributed to the
problems ''are still present,'' he said in a telephone interview.

Extending production credit this year keeps the farmers in business, but it
could all backfire, and quickly. For some farmers, the operating loans they get
this year are nothing more than a ''temporary delay'' in liquidating their
operations, said Neil Milner, executive vice president of the Iowa Bankers
Association.

Even if some financially troubled farmers eke out a living this year, the odds
aren't good that they will be in business next year. The danger, explains Mark
Drabenstoot, senior economist at the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City, is
that the larger than expected number of farmers in business this year will plant
all or most of their tillable acreage and produce a bumper crop. That would only
put more downward pressure on the prices farmers get for their products, thereby
reducing farm income. Mr. Drabenstoot estimates that net farm income this year
will fall to $23 billion from $31 billion last year.

With lower income, it's doubtful that many farmers will be able to repay the
mountain of debt accumulated during the five previous years that saw high
inflation, escalating interest rates, tumbling commodity prices, closed export
markets, and declining income.

Strain on Farm Banks

A drop in farm income next year would exert even more strain on farm banks,
which already are collapsing under the stress. Of the 29 banks that failed
during the first four months of this year, eight were in two of the largest farm
states. Five banks failed in Iowa between January and April - state officials
there say the number could rise to 19 by yearend - and three were closed in
Nebraska during the same time. Iowa and Nebraska banking officials blamed poor
farm loans as the reason for the failures.

Nationwide last year, 25 of the 79 banks that failed, or almost one-third, were
farm banks. This year, it's expected that farm banks will be even more
represented in the final tally of failed banks.

But providing operating loans for this year may be less risky than appears on
the surface. Production loans are short-term, generally secured, and typically
are paid back when the crop is harvested, said Mr. Harl, the Iowa State
University economist.

Bankers, too, apparently believe that they have no better alternative at this
time than to providing operating loans this year to even some marginal farmers.
Cutting off credit would force those farmers out of business, a move that would
add to the oversupply of farm equipment and land that is already on the selling
block. Bankers are hesitant to force marginal farm borrowers out of business all
at once for fear of starting a chain reaction of dumping more farm assets on the
glutted resale market, said Ken Lee, associate director of the agricultural
banking division of the American Bankers Associations.

Furthermore, putting more land and equipment up for sale would only reduce the
collateral value of other farm borrowers, thus risking a classification of their
loans by bank regulators.

Agreeing to an operating loan this year, it seems then, is a way for bankers and
other lenders to buy time to find a more orderly way of phasing out their
marginal farm borrowers.

''The adjustment,'' said Mr. Drabenstoot of the Kansas City Fed bank, ''has to
be paced.'' And that is what the bankers are doing by not forcing liquidations
all at once. ''It's going to go on for another couple of years,'' Mr.
Drabenstoot said.

In the meantime, the reprieve for farmers such as Mr. Schippers is much
welcomed. They hope that the short time given to them is all they will need to
prove themselves able to stay on the farm. But for some, time may have already
run out.

SECTION: AGRICULTURAL LENDING; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 1284 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                              81 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   Turtle Mountain Star (Rolla, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                December 5, 2011

Loans available for socially disadvantaged applicants

BYLINE: Turtle Mountain Star staff

LENGTH: 240  words


The Farm Service Agency can make direct and guaranteed loans to socially
disadvantaged applicants to buy and operate family-sized farms and ranches.
Funds for these loans are reserved each year.

A socially disadvantaged applicant is one of a group whose members have been
subjected to racial, ethnic or gender prejudice because of his or her identity
as members of the group without regard to his or her individual qualities. For
purposes of this program, socially disadvantaged groups are women, African
Americans, American Indians, Alaskan Natives, Hispanics, Asian Americans and
Pacific Islanders.

Direct loans may be made to applicants by FSA for both farm operating and farm
ownership loans. Guaranteed farm loans also may be made for ownership or
operating purposes, and may be made by any lending institution subject to
federal or state supervision (e.g., banks and units of the Farm Credit System)
and guaranteed by FSA. FSA typically guarantees 90 to 95 percent of a loan
against any loss that might be incurred if the loan fails.

Persons who are primarily and directly engaged in farming and ranching on
family-size operations may apply.

Socially disadvantaged loan applicants do not receive automatic approval.
Individual applicants under this program must meet all requirements for FSAs
regular farm loan program assistance.

Contact the Bottineau County FSA Office Farm Loan Program staff or USDA Service
Center for more information.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TUR

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2011 Turtle Mountain Star


                              82 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Gazette (Sterling, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 6, 2014 Saturday

Farm Service Agency programs available

BYLINE: Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 324 words


Sept. 06--The Farm Service Agency has a program to assist beginner farmers and
or members of socially disadvantaged groups to finance agricultural enterprises.

nder these designated farm loan programs, FSA can provide financing to eligible
applicants through either direct or guaranteed loans. FSA defines a beginning
farmer as a person who:

--Has operated a farm for not more than 10 years.

--Will materially and substantially participate in the operation of the farm.

--Agrees to participate in a loan assessment, borrower training, and financial
management program sponsored by FSA.

--Except for operating loan assistance, does not own farm acreage in excess of
30 percent of the county's average size farm, in the county where the farm is
located.

--Each member of an entity must meet the eligibility requirements. Loan approval
is also dependent on acceptable feasibility and security determinations..

Additional program information, loan applications, and other materials are
available at any local Farm Service Agency.

FSA also makes loans to individual youths to establish and operate
income-producing projects of modest size in connection with their participation
in 4-H clubs, FFA, and similar organizations. Each project must be part of an
organized and supervised program of work designed to provide practical business
and educational experience. The project must be planned and operated with the
help of the organization adviser and produce sufficient income to repay the
loan.

A youth loan is available to those between the ages 10 and 20 years.

The maximum loan amount is $5,000.

Money may be used to buy livestock, seed, equipment and supplies or buy, rent or
repair needed tools and equipment and pay operating expenses for the project.

For more information, call any FSA office and dial ext. 2.

___ (c)2014 the Daily Gazette (Sterling, Ill.) Visit the Daily Gazette
(Sterling, Ill.) at www.saukvalley.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140906-YG-Farm-Service-Agency-programs-available-0906-20140906

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YG


                          Copyright 2014 Daily Gazette


                              83 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cheney Free Press (Washington)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 17, 2014

Farm Service Agency allocates funds for minorities and women

BYLINE: Cheney Free Press staff

LENGTH: 245  words


SPOKANE - The U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has a portion
of its farm loan program funds specifically allocated for minority and women
producers.

Loan funds can be used to purchase farms, livestock and equipment.They may also
be used to operate the farm, build or repair farm service buildings, pay for
soil and water conservation practices and in some cases refinance debt. FSA
offers both direct and guaranteed loans.

"While FSA farm loans are available to all qualified applicants, by setting
aside funds specifically for minorities and women, it ensures that they will
receive a portion of available funds," FSA Washington state executive director
Judy Olson said in a news release.

For direct loans made by FSA to purchase a farm, the terms may extend to 40
years with a current interest rate of 4 percent. Special programs are available
for participation with a commercial lender. For rates and terms and down payment
re-quirements, contact the local FSA office.

Direct operating loans may be made for 1-7 years with a current interest rate of
2 percent, which is subject to change.

The FSA guaranteed loans are made by banks or other lenders for which FSA
guarantees up to 90 percent of any loss. The guaranteed loan program includes
both operating and real estate loan programs.

For additional information contact Houston Brack, FSA farm loan manager at
509-924-7350 or the FSA office in Spokane, 8815 E. Mission Ave., Suite B,
Spokane Valley WA 99212.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CFP

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2014 Cheney Free Press


                              84 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             July 21, 1984 Saturday

$86 million shortfall feared   Farm Credit Corp. posts record $13 million loss

BYLINE: KEVIN COX; GAM

LENGTH: 440 words


By  KEVIN COX
 The federal Farm Credit Corp. lost a record $13-million last year lending
 money to financially troubled farmers.

And the corporation estimates it will lose as much as $86-million on
 the $5-billion in farm loans it now has, because many farmers will not be
 able to stay in business with low commodity prices, high interest rates
 and declining land values.

Some of the financial difficulty of the Crown corporation came from
 farmers who got emergency low-interest loans to keep their farms going two
 or three years ago, but have since lost their farms, FCC chairman Eliv
 (Sonny) Anderson said in an interview yesterday.

The Crown corporation also ended the year owning 130 farms across
 Canada after taking over the enterprises during the fiscal year ended
 March 31, as farmers were unable to make payments or get money to carry on
 their operations.

The FCC had 91 farms on its hands at the end of the 1983 fiscal year
 and lost $8-million.

Mr. Anderson said that unless the Government agrees to subsidize the
 corporation's losses it will have to increase its interest rates. Farm
 groups have complained that the current rate of 14 per cent for new loans
 at FCC is too high.

Mr. Anderson said the corporation has tried to do everything possible
 to keep farmers in business, but a combination of low commodity prices,
 falling land values and high interest rates on farm operating loans has
 made it impossible for the corporation to keep some farmers going.

The high number of FCC foreclosures has angered some farm groups and
 the head of the Canadian Farmers Survival Association, Alan Wilford, said
 in a recent interview he is taking court action to block the FCC from
 seizing farms.

He said the FCC should negotiate with farmers and try to keep them on
 the land. But Mr. Anderson said the depressed farm economy has led to
 situations where banks have refused to give operating credit to farmers
 and some producers have simply walked away from their farms, leaving them
 for the FCC to dispose of.

The FCC offers mortgages and long-term loans to farmers who have been
 turned down for money at other financial institutions.
    "We don't like to turn farms over," Mr. Anderson said. "In many cases
 the farmer will just walk away from it if he gets turned down for
 operating credit at the bank. We are dealing with public funds and, as our
 losses increase, they have to be paid by other farmers who borrow money."
    He said the corporation has lost a great deal of money on selling farms
 it has repossessed, because land values in many parts of rural Canada have
 fallen by as much as 50 per cent in recent years because of the poor farm
 economy.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1984 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 30, 2017 Monday

Nebraska farmers face stressful loan renewal season

LENGTH: 598  words

DATELINE: New York



 Lincoln: University of Nebraska-Lincoln has issued the following news release:



  More than 77 percent of Nebraska producers are concerned that they may not be
able to obtain operating capital in 2017, according to the 2016 Farm Financial
Health Survey conducted by the University of Nebraska-Lincoln's Department of
Agricultural Economics.





 Nebraska Extension is increasing its efforts to help producers, who rely on
annual operating notes to finance day-to-day needs such as seed, chemicals,
fertilizer, feed and utilities.



 "Demand is on the rise for operating loans, which is leading to some difficult
conversations between producers and their bankers," said Jessica Groskopf,
assistant extension educator with Nebraska Extension.



 Low commodity prices have resulted in the fourth consecutive year of declining
net farm income, or the return that farmers and ranchers get for their input of
labor, management and capital. The decline has forced producers to use cash
reserves to service debt and to pay for non-farm expenses such as family living
that now exceed earnings. This reduces the operation's ability to make debt
payments, which makes it more difficult for banks to approve operating loans.



 So what can farmers and ranchers do to ensure a smooth farm loan renewal
season? Starting the process as soon as possible is critical, Groskopf said.



 "Producers need to talk to their loan officer early," she said. "Some banks
will work through your options with you if you are low on capital, which is why
you need to start the conversation early."



 If a producer's operating loan is turned down, their next steps will likely
involve trying to find another lender, restructuring debt and making changes to
their operations.



 Nebraska Extension is ramping up efforts to support the state's producers
through this process. In addition to its normal support team, more than 20
extension professionals across the state have been trained on financial
literacy. These professionals are available to help producers on an on-demand
basis or through workshops.



 The Quicken record-keeping workshop is designed to help producers use the
commercial software for farms and ranches. The tool can be flexible for ag and
non-ag business enterprises and separates family living expenses.



 Additionally, financial health check workshops focus on financial documents.
Extension educators will go through a balance sheet, cash flow and income
statement and show producers what ratios a banker will be looking at on those
documents.



 "The financial health check workshops can help producers identify potential
weaknesses on their statements, which allows them to create a proactive plan and
control the conversation with their banker," Groskopf said.



 For producers in need of immediate assistance, the State of Nebraska has a
dedicated farm/ranch hotline. Producers can call 1-800-464-0258 to find
financial, legal and counseling services and referrals.



 Producers across the nation are facing this issue, but the impact will be
greater in Nebraska, according to Groskopf.



 "With Nebraska's economy highly dependent on agriculture, we're going to see
this reflect on our state budget and on main street in our hometowns," she said.




 For more information on how Nebraska Extension can help producers through farm
loan renewal season, contact Groskopf at jgroskopf2@unl.edu or 308-632-1247.
Resources can also be found on the CropWatch website here and the BeefWatch
website here.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 30, 2017 Monday

Nebraska farmers face stressful loan renewal season

LENGTH: 598  words

DATELINE: New York



 Lincoln: University of Nebraska-Lincoln has issued the following news release:



  More than 77 percent of Nebraska producers are concerned that they may not be
able to obtain operating capital in 2017, according to the 2016 Farm Financial
Health Survey conducted by the University of Nebraska-Lincoln's Department of
Agricultural Economics.





 Nebraska Extension is increasing its efforts to help producers, who rely on
annual operating notes to finance day-to-day needs such as seed, chemicals,
fertilizer, feed and utilities.



 "Demand is on the rise for operating loans, which is leading to some difficult
conversations between producers and their bankers," said Jessica Groskopf,
assistant extension educator with Nebraska Extension.



 Low commodity prices have resulted in the fourth consecutive year of declining
net farm income, or the return that farmers and ranchers get for their input of
labor, management and capital. The decline has forced producers to use cash
reserves to service debt and to pay for non-farm expenses such as family living
that now exceed earnings. This reduces the operation's ability to make debt
payments, which makes it more difficult for banks to approve operating loans.



 So what can farmers and ranchers do to ensure a smooth farm loan renewal
season? Starting the process as soon as possible is critical, Groskopf said.



 "Producers need to talk to their loan officer early," she said. "Some banks
will work through your options with you if you are low on capital, which is why
you need to start the conversation early."



 If a producer's operating loan is turned down, their next steps will likely
involve trying to find another lender, restructuring debt and making changes to
their operations.



 Nebraska Extension is ramping up efforts to support the state's producers
through this process. In addition to its normal support team, more than 20
extension professionals across the state have been trained on financial
literacy. These professionals are available to help producers on an on-demand
basis or through workshops.



 The Quicken record-keeping workshop is designed to help producers use the
commercial software for farms and ranches. The tool can be flexible for ag and
non-ag business enterprises and separates family living expenses.



 Additionally, financial health check workshops focus on financial documents.
Extension educators will go through a balance sheet, cash flow and income
statement and show producers what ratios a banker will be looking at on those
documents.



 "The financial health check workshops can help producers identify potential
weaknesses on their statements, which allows them to create a proactive plan and
control the conversation with their banker," Groskopf said.



 For producers in need of immediate assistance, the State of Nebraska has a
dedicated farm/ranch hotline. Producers can call 1-800-464-0258 to find
financial, legal and counseling services and referrals.



 Producers across the nation are facing this issue, but the impact will be
greater in Nebraska, according to Groskopf.



 "With Nebraska's economy highly dependent on agriculture, we're going to see
this reflect on our state budget and on main street in our hometowns," she said.




 For more information on how Nebraska Extension can help producers through farm
loan renewal season, contact Groskopf at jgroskopf2@unl.edu or 308-632-1247.
Resources can also be found on the CropWatch website here and the BeefWatch
website here.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              87 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 30, 2017 Monday

Nebraska farmers face stressful loan renewal season

LENGTH: 598  words

DATELINE: New York



 Lincoln: University of Nebraska-Lincoln has issued the following news release:



  More than 77 percent of Nebraska producers are concerned that they may not be
able to obtain operating capital in 2017, according to the 2016 Farm Financial
Health Survey conducted by the University of Nebraska-Lincoln's Department of
Agricultural Economics.





 Nebraska Extension is increasing its efforts to help producers, who rely on
annual operating notes to finance day-to-day needs such as seed, chemicals,
fertilizer, feed and utilities.



 "Demand is on the rise for operating loans, which is leading to some difficult
conversations between producers and their bankers," said Jessica Groskopf,
assistant extension educator with Nebraska Extension.



 Low commodity prices have resulted in the fourth consecutive year of declining
net farm income, or the return that farmers and ranchers get for their input of
labor, management and capital. The decline has forced producers to use cash
reserves to service debt and to pay for non-farm expenses such as family living
that now exceed earnings. This reduces the operation's ability to make debt
payments, which makes it more difficult for banks to approve operating loans.



 So what can farmers and ranchers do to ensure a smooth farm loan renewal
season? Starting the process as soon as possible is critical, Groskopf said.



 "Producers need to talk to their loan officer early," she said. "Some banks
will work through your options with you if you are low on capital, which is why
you need to start the conversation early."



 If a producer's operating loan is turned down, their next steps will likely
involve trying to find another lender, restructuring debt and making changes to
their operations.



 Nebraska Extension is ramping up efforts to support the state's producers
through this process. In addition to its normal support team, more than 20
extension professionals across the state have been trained on financial
literacy. These professionals are available to help producers on an on-demand
basis or through workshops.



 The Quicken record-keeping workshop is designed to help producers use the
commercial software for farms and ranches. The tool can be flexible for ag and
non-ag business enterprises and separates family living expenses.



 Additionally, financial health check workshops focus on financial documents.
Extension educators will go through a balance sheet, cash flow and income
statement and show producers what ratios a banker will be looking at on those
documents.



 "The financial health check workshops can help producers identify potential
weaknesses on their statements, which allows them to create a proactive plan and
control the conversation with their banker," Groskopf said.



 For producers in need of immediate assistance, the State of Nebraska has a
dedicated farm/ranch hotline. Producers can call 1-800-464-0258 to find
financial, legal and counseling services and referrals.



 Producers across the nation are facing this issue, but the impact will be
greater in Nebraska, according to Groskopf.



 "With Nebraska's economy highly dependent on agriculture, we're going to see
this reflect on our state budget and on main street in our hometowns," she said.




 For more information on how Nebraska Extension can help producers through farm
loan renewal season, contact Groskopf at jgroskopf2@unl.edu or 308-632-1247.
Resources can also be found on the CropWatch website here and the BeefWatch
website here.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 30, 2017 Monday

Nebraska farmers face stressful loan renewal season

LENGTH: 598  words

DATELINE: New York



 Lincoln: University of Nebraska-Lincoln has issued the following news release:



  More than 77 percent of Nebraska producers are concerned that they may not be
able to obtain operating capital in 2017, according to the 2016 Farm Financial
Health Survey conducted by the University of Nebraska-Lincoln's Department of
Agricultural Economics.





 Nebraska Extension is increasing its efforts to help producers, who rely on
annual operating notes to finance day-to-day needs such as seed, chemicals,
fertilizer, feed and utilities.



 "Demand is on the rise for operating loans, which is leading to some difficult
conversations between producers and their bankers," said Jessica Groskopf,
assistant extension educator with Nebraska Extension.



 Low commodity prices have resulted in the fourth consecutive year of declining
net farm income, or the return that farmers and ranchers get for their input of
labor, management and capital. The decline has forced producers to use cash
reserves to service debt and to pay for non-farm expenses such as family living
that now exceed earnings. This reduces the operation's ability to make debt
payments, which makes it more difficult for banks to approve operating loans.



 So what can farmers and ranchers do to ensure a smooth farm loan renewal
season? Starting the process as soon as possible is critical, Groskopf said.



 "Producers need to talk to their loan officer early," she said. "Some banks
will work through your options with you if you are low on capital, which is why
you need to start the conversation early."



 If a producer's operating loan is turned down, their next steps will likely
involve trying to find another lender, restructuring debt and making changes to
their operations.



 Nebraska Extension is ramping up efforts to support the state's producers
through this process. In addition to its normal support team, more than 20
extension professionals across the state have been trained on financial
literacy. These professionals are available to help producers on an on-demand
basis or through workshops.



 The Quicken record-keeping workshop is designed to help producers use the
commercial software for farms and ranches. The tool can be flexible for ag and
non-ag business enterprises and separates family living expenses.



 Additionally, financial health check workshops focus on financial documents.
Extension educators will go through a balance sheet, cash flow and income
statement and show producers what ratios a banker will be looking at on those
documents.



 "The financial health check workshops can help producers identify potential
weaknesses on their statements, which allows them to create a proactive plan and
control the conversation with their banker," Groskopf said.



 For producers in need of immediate assistance, the State of Nebraska has a
dedicated farm/ranch hotline. Producers can call 1-800-464-0258 to find
financial, legal and counseling services and referrals.



 Producers across the nation are facing this issue, but the impact will be
greater in Nebraska, according to Groskopf.



 "With Nebraska's economy highly dependent on agriculture, we're going to see
this reflect on our state budget and on main street in our hometowns," she said.




 For more information on how Nebraska Extension can help producers through farm
loan renewal season, contact Groskopf at jgroskopf2@unl.edu or 308-632-1247.
Resources can also be found on the CropWatch website here and the BeefWatch
website here.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Evening Sun (Hanover, Pennsylvania)

                              July 18, 2008 Friday

Farm loans for disadvantaged

BYLINE: EVENING SUN ONLINE

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 197 words


The Farm Service Agency can make and guarantee loans to socially disadvantaged
applicants to buy and operate family-size farms and ranches. Funds specifically
for these loans are reserved each year.

A socially disadvantaged farmer is one of a group whose members have been
subjected to racial, ethnic or gender prejudice. For purposes of this program,
socially disadvantaged groups are women, African Americans, American Indians and
Alaskan natives, Hispanics and Asians and Pacific Islanders.

Direct loans are made to applicants by FSA and include both farm-operating and
farm-ownership loans.

Guaranteed loans also may be made for ownership or operating purposes.
Typically, FSA guarantees 90 or 95 percent of a loan against any loss that might
be incurred if the loan fails.

Individuals, partnerships, joint operations, corporations, and cooperatives
primarily and directly engaged in farming and ranching on family-size operations
may apply. A family-size farm is considered to be one that a family can operate
and manage itself.

For more information or to apply, contact Adams County Farm Service Agency, 670
Old Harrisburg Road, Suite 203, Gettysburg, PA 17325; (717) 334-4216, ext. 2.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              90 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Big Crops Spell Trouble for Farm Lenders;
Farmers Overplanted, Lenders Gambled; Now They May Reap What They've Sown

                             July 15, 1985, Monday

By RICHARD RINGER and ANDREA BENNETT

DATELINE: CHICAGO


As a bumper crop grows on the farmland across the country, so do the worries of
the farmers who planted it and the bankers who financed it.

Their concern is rooted in simple economics. A now imminent bin-busting harvest
will drive down crop prices, leaving many financially strapped farmers unable to
repay a staggering $212 billion debt. Much of the payment is due to small and
mid-sized commercial banks, precisely the kind of banks that have failed ever so
frequently this year because farm borrowers couldn't repay their loans. Another
large chunk of the debt is owed to the federal Farm Credit System. Already
reeling from unpaid loans to farmers, the system may be savaged by more losses.

Huge profits are needed to ease the farm financial crisis. But it appears now
that farm profits won't be as high as the hopes of the farmers or their lenders.

The latest disappointment came last Wednesday when the U.S. Department of
Agriculture released figures that project a bumper crop yield, although not
record one, for this year. The expected good yields, on top of grain and other
crops already held in storage from previous years, portends lower commodity
prices.

At the Chicago Board of Trade last Thursday, a day after the USDA report,
September corn closed at just above $2.52 a bushel. Analysts don't expect prices
to even hover near the $3.00 per bushel level that would cover production costs.
''You've got to have a very sharp knife to cut any profits below that'' amount,
said Mark Drabenstott, an economist at the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City.

At best, a farmer selling his crop in the futures market today might help cut
the loss.

At the now predicted commodity prices, it will be ''difficult for farmers to do
anything constructive about their debt problems'' this year, said Hugh Ulrich, a
grain analyst with Stotler & Co., Chicago. What can be expected, Mr.  Ulrich
said, is ''another round of farm failures this winter, like last winter.''

Reasons for Crop Yield

Favorable weather throughout the Midwest so far this year is one reason for the
expectation of a high crop yield. And so is the gamble that bankers and other
lenders took earlier this year with their farm borrowers.

Lenders extended production loans to a far greater number of farmers than had
been expected. Some lenders extended credit because they were convinced that the
new loans would enable farmers to prove that they have a viable business.

Other lenders extended credit as a defensive move. If the farmers were forced
out of business, even more farmland and equipment would have been dumped on the
already glutted markets. That would only erode the collateral value for some of
the less leveraged borrowers.

Finally, the Farmers Home Administration, under considerable pressure, hiked its
loan volume. The administration, which traditionally makes about 15% of the
nonreal estate farm loans, made almost 70,000 direct operating loans, totaling
$3.2 billion, in the nine-month period ending June 30. That was over $1 billion
more than the agency loaned during the entire previous fiscal year, when
operating loans totaled about $2 billion.

In the last nine months, the Farmers Home Administration also has guaranteed
another 7,344 operating loans, totaling $826.1 million, made by private lenders
under an emergency farm credit adjustment program instituted last fall.

In the final tally, all but 5% of the farmers got operating loans this year,
just slightly above the 3% historical average. The early estimate was that
upwards of 15% of the farmers would not get production loans.

Jumping to Conclusions

With the credit reprieve, farmers planted much of their tillable acreage
apparently in the hope that the more crops they planted, the better their
chances would be of reaping a profit. According to the USDA figures, farmers
planted 83.2 million acres of corn, up 3% from last year, and 80.4 million acres
of soybeans, down 7% from last year.

Those levels of planting will only add to the enormous carry-over stocks from
previous harvests. The soybean carry-over is expected to be at 609 million
bushels, compared to 472 million bushels last September; the corn carry-over is
expected to be 2.83 billion bushels, up from 2.15 billion bushels.

This means that farmers who planted large crops in hopes of digging themselves
out of debt and lenders who financed the planting will see the farm financial
crisis surface once again this fall.

Beginning with the fourth quarter, many farm banks will be face more problems
than they did last year, predicts Mr. Drabenstott of the Kansas City Fed. It
will be a ''very difficult period'' for those banks, and they can expect bigger
loan losses than last year, he said.

Problem loans will fall into two categories. First, there are the loans that
were extended so that farmers could plant this year. These are generally
short-term loans of a year or less. Lenders typically expect some pay down on
these loans once crops are harvested.

The other category includes previous loans that were rolled, renegotiated, or
restructured during the farm credit crunch earlier this year. And there was a
lot of that going on last spring among farmers and their lenders.  Bankers and
bank regulators will take a particularly hard look at this category.

Farmers and lenders pushed their problems into the future, and come fall they
will have to reckon with their decision. ''Farm loans will be reviewed in a very
austere environment this fall,'' said Mr. Drabenstott. ''The loans made this
spring on a tenuous basis will be reviewed rather harshly.''

A spokesman for the American Farm Bureau Federation said many farmers will be
looking for further loan extensions and renegotiations. But lenders may not be
willing or able to accommodate them. Pressure from regulators may force bankers
to deny many more loan rollovers or renegotiations.

Still other lenders will take the difficult step of voluntarily cutting off some
borrowers from any additional credit.

''Some farmers got all the chances they are going to get,'' said one farm banker
who pleaded for anonymity. ''They had a chance this year, albeit a slim one.
They are aware that if they don't make it this year, there won't be a next
year.''

Some banks have found ways to protect their farm loan portfolio and their farm
customers even during the trying times. The Watseka First National Bank in
Watseka, Ill., for example, has developed a marketing plan for its farm
borrowers that, among other things, lets them sell products in the futures
markets.  The use of the futures markets ''adds flexibility to the marketing
plan,'' said Kerry Bell, a vice president at the Watseka bank.

About 90% of the bank's farm borrowers use the futures market. Plans for selling
this year's crop were set in place late last summer and early last fall, when
the futures prices for this year's crop were considerably higher than prices
being quoted today.

As a result, those farmers will earn enough to cover production costs this year
that for them averaged $2.75 per bushel, said Mr. Bell.

About 150 banks have contacted Watseka First National Bank about its farm
lending and marketing program. Because of the enthusiasm, the bank plans to
detail its program during a seminar being planned for this fall.

But by then, if the experts are correct, some farm lenders may no longer be in
business.

SECTION: AGRICULTURAL LENDING; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1235 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                              91 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Moultrie Observer (Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 18, 2013 Friday

USDA finalizes new microloan program

BYLINE: The Moultrie Observer, Ga.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 740 words


Jan. 18--WASHINGTON, D.C. -- ??Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced this
week a new microloan program from the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
designed to help small and family operations, beginning and socially
disadvantaged farmers secure loans under $35,000. The new microloan program is
aimed at bolstering the progress of producers through their start-up years by
providing needed resources and helping to increase equity so that farmers may
eventually graduate to commercial credit and expand their operations. The
microloan program will also provide a less burdensome, more simplified
application process in comparison to traditional farm loans.

"I have met several small and beginning farmers, returning veterans and
disadvantaged producers interested in careers in farming who too often must rely
on credit cards or personal loans with high interest rates to finance their
start-up operations," said Vilsack."By further expanding access to credit to
those just starting to put down roots in farming, USDA continues to help grow a
new generation of farmers, while ensuring the strength of an American
agriculture sector that drives our economy, creates jobs, and provides the most
secure and affordable food supply in the world."

The new microloans, said Vilsack, represent how USDA continues to make
year-over-year gains in expanding credit opportunities for minority,
socially-disadvantaged and young and beginning farmers and ranchers across the
United States. The final rule establishing the microloan program will be
published in the Jan. 17 issue of the Federal Register.

Administered through USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA) Operating Loan Program,
the new microloan program offers credit options and solutions to a variety of
producers. FSA has a long history of providing agricultural credit to the
nation's farmers and ranchers through its Operating Loan Program. In assessing
its programs, FSA evaluated the needs of smaller farm operations and any
unintended barriers to obtaining financing. For beginning farmers and ranchers,
for instance, the new microloan program offers a simplified loan application
process. In addition, for those who want to grow niche crops to sell directly to
ethnic markets and farmers markets, the microloan program offers a path to
obtain financing. For past FSA Rural Youth Loan recipients, the microloan
program provides a bridge to successfully transition to larger-scale operations.

Since 2009, USDA has made a record amount of farm loans through FSA--more than
128,000 loans totaling nearly $18 billion. USDA has increased the number of
loans to beginning farmers and ranchers from 11,000 loans in 2008 to 15,000
loans in 2011. More than 40 percent of USDA's farm loans now go to beginning
farmers. In addition, USDA has increased its lending to socially-disadvantaged
producers by nearly 50 percent since 2008.

Producers can apply for a maximum of $35,000 to pay for initial start-up
expenses such as hoop houses to extend the growing season, essential tools,
irrigation, delivery vehicles, and annual expenses such as seed, fertilizer,
utilities, land rents, marketing, and distribution expenses. As their financing
needs increase, applicants can apply for an operating loan up to the maximum
amount of $300,000 or obtain financing from a commercial lender under FSA's
Guaranteed Loan Program.

USDA farm loans can be used to purchase land, livestock, equipment, feed, seed,
and supplies, or be to construct buildings or make farm improvements. Small
farmers often rely on credit cards or personal loans, which carry high interest
rates and have less flexible payment schedules, to finance their operations.
Expanding access to credit, USDA's microloan will provide a simple and flexible
loan process for small operations.

Producers interested in applying for a microloan may contact their local Farm
Service Agency office.

The Obama Administration, with Agriculture Secretary Vilsack's leadership, has
worked tirelessly to strengthen rural America, maintain a strong farm safety
net, and create opportunities for America's farmers and ranchers. U.S.
agriculture is currently experiencing one of its most productive periods in
American history thanks to the productivity, resiliency, and resourcefulness of
our producers.

___ (c)2013 The Moultrie Observer (Moultrie, Ga.) Visit The Moultrie Observer
(Moultrie, Ga.) at www.moultrieobserver.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130118-GJ-USDA-finalizes-new-microloan-program-0118-20130118

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GJ


                      Copyright 2013 The Moultrie Observer


                              92 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Federal Lenders To Agriculture

                            February 1, 1985, Friday

Wendell Cochran


Agricultural bankers have two major competitors connected with the federal
government that could be greatly affected by what Congress and the Reagan
administration decide about farm policy this year.

One is the Farmers Home Administration, an agency of the Department of
Agriculture. Although considered at one time the ''lender of last resort,'' it
has grown greatly over the past few years, outstripping this role entirely.

The agency's total farm portfolio is about $25.5 billion, or a little more than
12% of the national farm debt of $215 billion. The FmHa has three primary loan
categories: loans used to purchase land, farm operating loans, and emergency
loans that are a form of disaster assistance. This year, the FmHa also is
managing the administration's debt assistance plan.

The other major lender is the Farm Credit System, which is supervised by the
Farm Credit Administration. The system includes Federal Land Banks, the nation's
largest farmland lender; Federal Intermediate Credit Banks, which through local
Production Credit Associations make short-term operating loans; and the Bank for
Cooperatives, which makes capital loans and provides short-term financing for
local and regional cooperatives.

The Farm Credit System, once funded with federal money, today gets its capital
in the bond markets. Because of a high farm loan delinquency rate and reduced
land values, Congress may be forced to consider bolstering the system by such
means as direct capital infusions or guarantees to the system's bondholders.

SECTION: Pg. 7

LENGTH: 257 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                              93 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Times-News (Burlington, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 2, 2008 Wednesday

Government loan saves local farmer from default

BYLINE: Emily Hohenwarter, Times-News, Burlington, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 517 words


Jul. 2--Larry "Tater" Anderson is like a lot of farmers these days. Not only is
the work back-breaking, but the costs are, too.

Equipment and production expenses are putting family farms on the edge of
default.

But help for those in Anderson's spot is now available. Anderson, a
third-generation farmer who grows tobacco, hay and soybeans, became the first in
the state to take advantage of new farm loan limits Tuesday. He closed on a
$267,000 loan with the U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency at its
Alamance County offices on Graham-Hopedale Road.

Anderson and his wife, Annie, said they will use the money to manage operating
costs this year and finance new farm equipment.

"It came just at the right time," Larry Anderson said. "I'm grateful that
somebody stepped up and helped." The loan was possible because of higher limits
established by the farm bill, which Congress recently passed. Previously, loan
limits were set at $200,000, but the new legislation allows family farmers to
borrow as much as $300,000 from the FSA or from banks with the FSA's guarantee.

Keith Weatherly, the FSA state executive director, presented a ceremonial check
to Anderson.

"This is a special occasion today and we are here to commemorate the first loan
made in North Carolina, and one of the first nationally, frankly, under the new
limits for lending that Congress issued in the recent farm bill," Weatherly
said.

Anderson said his farm is struggling. He needed to borrow more than the previous
limit of $200,000 to stay afloat financially, but banks saw him as a risky loan
candidate. When the new legislation passed, FSA Loan Officer David Sharp, who
had worked with the Andersons previously, told them about the change.

"Tater puts his whole heart in farming," said Roger Dixon, a member of the FSA
state committee and longtime friend of the Andersons.

The Anderson's loan is direct from the FSA, with $100,000 as a one-year loan and
the remaining $167,000 to be paid over seven years. The interest rate on their
loan is 3.125 percent, but Sharp said rates were raised recently to 3.625
percent for new loans.

FSA makes direct and guaranteed farm ownership loans and operating loans to
smallscale farmers, like Anderson, who cannot obtain credit from other banks or
other sources. The agency also loans money to beginning farmers, youth farmers
and gives loans for help after natural disasters. In addition to its farm loans
program, the FSA also functions in the areas of commodity operations,
conservation and income support and disaster assistance.

To comment on this or any Times-News story online go to www.TheTimesNews.com,
find the story, go to the bottom and follow the directions

To see more of the Times-News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetimesnews.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Times-News, Burlington, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080702-BT-Government-loan-saves-local-farmer-from-default-0702

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BT


                           Copyright 2008 Times-News


                              94 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Heitkamp Announces Additional Federal Funding Made Available to
Support Farmers

LENGTH: 327  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Heidi Heitkamp has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Heidi Heitkamp announced additional federal funding of up to $185
million has been made available for farmers in the form of direct and guaranteed
farm operating loans made available through the U.S. Department of Agriculture
Farm Service Agency (FSA).





 "North Dakota's farmers and ranchers wake up every morning and do their jobs to
feed the world- even when the going gets tough," said Heitkamp. "The Farm
Service Agency plays a critical role in making sure our producers receive the
support they need in such downturns, and Aaron Krauter and his team in North
Dakota are doing a great job of making sure our state's farmers and ranchers
have the resources they need. The additional Farm Service Agency operating loan
funding will help our farmers and ranchers acquire the support they need to
continue to feed our state and the world."



 The FSA supports farmers and ranchers by implementing programs authorized in
the Farm Bill like the farm operating loans program that received the additional
revenue. Lower commodity prices have put added strain on the agricultural
industry and has created increased demand for operating loans that will keep
farmers and ranchers pushing forward.



 Heitkamp has been strong advocate for North Dakota's farmers and ranchers and
has consistently been in contact with North Dakota's FSA Executive Director,
Aaron Krauter, who plays a critical role in making sure farmers and ranchers
have the financial resources to continue operation despite the market
conditions. Recently, Heitkamp traveled throughout North Dakota in a two day
Farm Bill tour, meeting with local producers at the North Dakota's Farmers Union
where she discussed the importance of crop insurance as an important component
of the Farm Bill.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Heitkamp Announces Additional Federal Funding Made Available to
Support Farmers

LENGTH: 327  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Heidi Heitkamp has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Heidi Heitkamp announced additional federal funding of up to $185
million has been made available for farmers in the form of direct and guaranteed
farm operating loans made available through the U.S. Department of Agriculture
Farm Service Agency (FSA).





 "North Dakota's farmers and ranchers wake up every morning and do their jobs to
feed the world- even when the going gets tough," said Heitkamp. "The Farm
Service Agency plays a critical role in making sure our producers receive the
support they need in such downturns, and Aaron Krauter and his team in North
Dakota are doing a great job of making sure our state's farmers and ranchers
have the resources they need. The additional Farm Service Agency operating loan
funding will help our farmers and ranchers acquire the support they need to
continue to feed our state and the world."



 The FSA supports farmers and ranchers by implementing programs authorized in
the Farm Bill like the farm operating loans program that received the additional
revenue. Lower commodity prices have put added strain on the agricultural
industry and has created increased demand for operating loans that will keep
farmers and ranchers pushing forward.



 Heitkamp has been strong advocate for North Dakota's farmers and ranchers and
has consistently been in contact with North Dakota's FSA Executive Director,
Aaron Krauter, who plays a critical role in making sure farmers and ranchers
have the financial resources to continue operation despite the market
conditions. Recently, Heitkamp traveled throughout North Dakota in a two day
Farm Bill tour, meeting with local producers at the North Dakota's Farmers Union
where she discussed the importance of crop insurance as an important component
of the Farm Bill.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Mail Tribune (Medford, Oregon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 27, 2008 Saturday

Mail Tribune, Medford, Ore., business briefs column

BYLINE: Mail Tribune, Medford, Ore.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 362 words


Sep. 27--GRANGE CO-OP BUYS RAY'S IN KLAMATH FALLS: range Co-op said Friday it
has purchased the former Ray's Food warehouse at 2525 Washburn Way in Klamath
Falls.

The location is about five times larger than Grange Co-op's present Klamath
Falls store just down the street. The Central Point-based co-op hasn't set an
opening date for its new location.

In September 2005, Grange Co-op acquired American Feed & Farm Supply stores in
Klamath Falls and Grants Pass.

LIFE SKILS COUNSELING CENTER OPENS IN MEDFORD: Neways Counseling & Life Skills
LLC has opened a Medford location at 107 E. Main St., Suite 4.

Mary Martin specializes in treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity
disorder, trauma, anxiety and depression with a Christian perspective. She is
trained in eye movement desensitization and reprocessing and biofeedback.

Martin can be reached at 941-9246. The firm's Ashland office is at 385 E. Main
St., Suite 1.

FSA INCREASES LIMIT FOR GUARANTEED LOANS: The Farm Service Agency in Oregon has
announced that effective Oct. 1, the maximum loan limit for FSA's guaranteed
loan program will be $1,094,000. The limit had been $949,000.

Earlier it was announced that the new Farm Bill also raised FSA's direct loan
limit to $300,000, up from the prior $200,000 limit. The increased guarantee and
direct loan limits reflect rising costs affecting farmers and ranchers.

Operating loans may be used to purchase livestock, farm equipment, feed, seed,
fuel, farm chemicals, insurance and other operating expenses. Operating loans
also can be used to pay for minor improvements to buildings, costs associated
with land and water development, family living expenses and to refinance debts
under certain conditions.

For information, contact Joe Hess at 776-4270, ext. 2.

To see more of the Mail Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.mailtribune.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Mail Tribune, Medford, Ore.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080927-ME-BIZ-BRIEFS-20080927

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ME


                          Copyright 2008 Mail Tribune


                              97 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                October 19, 1992

Legislation Will Create FmHA Beginning Farmer Program

SECTION: FARM AND RURAL MORTGAGES; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 701 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Congress has passed legislation that will create a Farmers Home Administration
program to help beginning farmers buy farms and ranches.

Principal support came from the House where Reps. Tim Penny, D., Minn., and
Glenn English, D., Okla., have long been sponsoring beginning farmer and farm
credit legislation.

The Senate finally passed the legislation in the waning hours of the legislative
session that recently ended.

Several unrelated filibusters threatened to leave the Senate with too little
time to address the bill, however.

The legislation will help beginning farmers obtain downpayment, farm ownership
and farm operating loans with the help of FmHA.

The Administration had supported the bill, and President Bush was expected to
sign the measure.

Downpayment loans of up to 30% of the property's purchase price will help
beginning farmers qualify for the rest of the long-term financing needed to make
a purchase.

Under the legislation, the interest rate on the downpayment loans will be 4%.
The program is limited to properties with a purchase price of no more than $
250,000.

Participation in the direct loan program will be limited to ten years and in the
guaranteed loan program to 15 years.

The bill requires recipients to develop financial plans that will help them make
the transition to fully commercial credit.

The legislation also includes provisions to streamline FmHA approval for
guaranteed loans.

In fiscal 1991, FmHA guaranteed $ 365 million in farm ownership loans and $ 1
billion in farm operating loans made by commercial lenders.

Congress had authorized almost $ 2 billion in guaranteed operating loans and $
490 million in guaranteed ownership loans in fiscal 1992, although FmHA did not
use the full amount appropriated.

As an incentive to encourage interest in the FmHA guaranteed loan program, the
bill includes a provision that directs FmHA to simplify the paperwork on loans
of less than $ 50,000.

Ron Ence, director of agricultural and rural affairs for the Independent Bankers
Association of America said that if the bill's streamlining provisions work, it
will encourage more lenders to use the program.

"I think it will make participation a lot less painful.  One of the purpose of
this bill is to reduce the red tape and the amount of delays," he said.

The legislation also calls for FmHA to develop a program for "certified lenders"
who would be able to obtain expedited loan guarantees covering 80% of eligible
loan amounts.

However, Mr. Ence said many lenders may lack interest in the certified lender
program as envisioned in the final legislation.

In FmHA's current guarantee program, lenders receive a 90% guarantee on the
loans they make.

The certified lender program does not provide enough incentive for lenders to
accept the guarantee reduction to 80%, he said.

"I just don't see bankers lining up to sign up for this new program," he said.

The lenders will still have to get approval from FmHA before attaching a
guarantee to a loan under the program,he said.

The bill also eases the FmHA's debt service margin requirement.

Under the new bill, a borrower may qualify for a FmHA guarantee as long as his
or her income is sufficient to make principal and interest payments, to cover
their family living expenses, and to pay off all other obligations.

The bill also will try to create partnerships between the Federal and state
programs designed to serve beginning farmers.

The legislation will not provide any new money for the beginning farmer program,
however.

Because of tight budget constraints, the bill directs money from FmHA's existing
budget to be earmarked for the new beginning farmer programs.

Supporters of the legislation have long said that barriers to purchasing a farm
are preventing many potential young farmers from entering the business.

In recent years, the farm population has grown older, and in many states the
average farm owner is nearly 60 years old.

"It was critical that we got this through this session because young farmers
need this kind of assistance as soon as possible," Rep. Penny said in a
statement.

"This will enable the new generation to carry on their family farming
tradition."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 National Thrift News, Inc.


                              98 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Nebraska Seeks Nod For Farm Loan Plan

                           February 25, 1985, Monday

By ANDREA BENNETT

DATELINE: CHICAGO


Nebraska is asking the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. to approve a plan that
would provide operating loans to many of the state's farmers.

Under the plan, the state's offices of the Farmers Home Administration (FmHA)
would free up about $40 million to make operating loans to farmers on the
condition that the new loans will take precedence over existing debts the
farmers may have with banks and other financial institutions.

If the FmHA loans money to a farmer to plant this season, the FmHA will be first
in line to be paid back when the crop comes in - ahead of other loans the farmer
may have with a bank.

The state's bankers want the FDIC to approve the plan before they go along with
it to make sure their loans to farmers are not classified as nonperforming, said
Dean Reid, acting chief of the farm program division at the FmHA.

State banking director Roger Beverage has been talking to FDIC officials about
the plan, the banking department said.

''It hasn't been finalized yet,'' said Rob Raun, director of the state
Department of Agriculture. ''Conversations are still going on with the FDIC and
regulators.''

Mr. Reid said the plan could be implemented quickly if final approvals are
given. ''Some of our offices have already been doing it. We want to make it a
larger, coordinated effort.''

He said the plan is a ''turn around'' from the typical situation existing in
less troubled times, when the bank would probably make the operating loan and be
first in line to be paid off when the crop is harvested.

The FmHA could help up to 1,000 farmers, Mr. Reid said. ''It's an attempt to
utilize the limited amount of money in the limited amount of time we've got,''
he said of the plan.

He said he hadn't heard any objections from bankers to the plan, but added, ''It
must have their full endorsement to work.''

Mr. Raun said most bankers had expressed cautious approval.

Nebraska's plan is the latest in a series of efforts by farm states to provide
operating loans to farmers this spring in light of recent studies that show that
up to 15% of all farmers will not get such loans. While Nebraska's plan
emphasizes federal aid, several other states in the Midwest are looking at ways
to provide state aid.

Legislators in Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, North and South Dakota, and Wisconsin
are considering setting up state corporations to make low interest loans, buy
down interest rates, or provide loan guarantees on farm loans made by private
lenders.

The Nebraska Legislature is also considering a bill to have a state agency issue
up to $1 billion in bonds to purchase farm loans from failed banks or from
production credit associations.

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 445 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                              99 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Farm Banks Will Need Higher Standards To Compete With New Secondary Market

                            January 22, 1988, Friday

By Richard Gotcher

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Jan. 21


Farm Credit System banks will need to adopt more efficient operating methods, or
they will be unable to compete with the newly created farm loan secondary market
for investors, a federal regulator said today.

The new market, created as part of last year's Agriculture Credit Act, will deal
in securities backed by loans from commercial banks and insurance companies, as
well as Farm Credit System banks. Investors who ordinarily would purchase the
debt of system banks also are likely to be attracted to the secondary-market
securities.

Frank Naylor, chairman of the Farm Credit Administration, told reporters that
the new market is "targeted at quality credit." He added that the new market, by
dealing only in the best loans, "poses for the system a new level of competition
that it has never faced before."

The secondary market, backed with a $1.5 billion line of credit from the
Treasury, will be a new channel for "reliable and long-term sources of credit,"
Mr. Naylor said, but there is no reason for system banks to think of it as a
"monster." It is up to institutions within the system, he said, to adopt
efficiency and loan underwriting standards sufficient to take advantage of the
"stringent" credit standards that will be demanded by the secondary market.

Asked if institutions within the system will have to pay more interest on their
individual issues than the pooled securities in the secondary market will offer,
Mr. Naylor said there "might be a slight differential," but the system should be
able to compete.

He noted that the secondary market's pooled farm loan securities will be
registered with the "corporate desk" of the Securities and Exchange Commission,
placing them at a slight disadvantage. Corporate bonds normally trade at a
higher rate than government agency securities.

Further, Mr. Naylor said, the House Energy and Commerce Committee will hold
hearings after the secondary market begins operating to determine if the Farm
Credit System has been placed in an unfair position. Rep. John Dingell, D-Mich.,
and chairman of the committee, was instrumental in forcing Congress to agree
that securities offered in the secondary market should be registered with the
appropriate agencies.

Mr. Naylor said the secondary market is scheduled to be in operation within six
to 18 months. "But I think most people see a pretty quick start... It could be
operating by this fall," he added.

The secondary market will be administered by the Federal Agriculture Mortgage
Corp., also known as Farmer Mac. Only loans for farm land and buildings made in
rural communities with a population of 2,500 or less will qualify for
secondary-market pooling. In addition, annual limits, based on the volume of
loans outstanding, will be placed on the loans that can be pooled.

Mr. Naylor said the Farm Credit System will soon release its fourth quarter
financial figures. He said preliminary indications suggest that the number of
nonperforming loans held by the system should continue to fall. The system
reported $12 billion of bad loans for the third quarter, out of a total loan
volume of about $50 billion.

For the third quarter of 1987, the system reported a net gain of $4 million and
a net loss of $197 million for nine months. The system lost $1.53 billion for
the same period in 1986.

"The system has worked through 75% of its problem loans," Mr Naylor said.
"Barring any unexpected economic problems, by 1990 it will have cleared up the
rest."

Much of 1987's improvement came from reductions in loan loss reserves totaling
$1.43 billion. System banks had increased those reserves in previous years to
help absorb costs associated with loan problems. Mr. Naylor said he expects the
fourth-quarter report to show further reductions in banks' reserve levels.

Mr. Naylor also said $4 billion of federally backed bonds authorized by the
Agriculture Credit Act to aid troubled banks may not be needed. The Farm Credit
System holds a revolving assistance fund of around $250 million, Mr. Naylor
noted.

That money, combined with increased efficiency and mergers of troubled banks,
could be enough to eliminate the need for those bonds, he said. The system and
the Treasury would split interest costs for the proposed 15 year securities.

That follows the intent of the aid legislation, which was written to "minimize"
potential outlays of hard cash by the government, Mr. Naylor added.

SECTION: Pg. 22

LENGTH: 743 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1988 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             100 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                            April 19, 2006 Wednesday

Farm Service Fee Proposal Alarms Lawmakers

BYLINE: Ben Jackson

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 5 Vol. 171 No. 74

LENGTH: 777  words


Encouraged by bankers, some Farm Belt legislators are blasting the

President's plan to fund the Farm Service Agency with user fees, arguing that

it would only jack up loan costs for borrowers who can least afford it.

Rep. Jerry Moran, R-Kan., sent a letter Monday to his House colleagues

asking them to sign a letter to Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns opposing a

proposal in the Bush administration's fiscal 2007 budget to fund the Farm

Service Agency's loan programs with user fees instead of a congressional

appropriation. Eight senators signed a similar letter sent to Mr. Johanns

last week.

"If an administration user fee proposal goes through, farmers

participating in the Farm Service Agency guaranteed farm loan program could

see their costs for credit rise by three, four, or five times what they are

today," Rep. Moran wrote.

The Farm Service Agency, a division of the Department of Agriculture,

runs programs designed to help keep farm income stable, help farmers conserve

land and water resources, provide credit to new or disadvantaged farmers and

ranchers, and help farmers recover from disasters.

The program of most interest to bankers is the guaranteed loan program,

which covers up to 95% of the loss of principal on farm loans. Through April

5, the agency had guaranteed $473 million of farm ownership loans and $526

million in operating loans this fiscal year, which began Oct. 1.

Over all, the Farm Service Agency plans to guarantee about $3.4 billion

of loans next fiscal year. It is seeking a budget of $113 million to support

its lending authority, versus the $150 million it requested for this fiscal

year; it would fill the gap by increasing user fees.

Teresa Lasseter, the administrator of the Farm Service Agency, said that

all government agencies not related to defense have been asked to find ways

to trim their budgets. Her agency has proposed increasing the origination

costs on farm mortgages and operating loans from 1% to 1.5% of the loan

amount. It has also proposed adding a 75-basis-point annual continuation fee

to operating loans.

"We hesitate to increase any of our fees, but in times of tight budgets

we are looking anywhere for a place to save the taxpayers a dollar and still

provide services," she said.

The fee increase would bring the agency's loan fees in line with those

the Small Business Administration charges for guaranteeing loans, Ms.

Lasseter said. Over the protests of many borrowers, lenders, and lawmakers,

the SBA raised its fees in 2004 to replace a $100 million congressional

appropriation. The fee hike did not drive borrowers away, as many predicted;

the SBA guaranteed a record $18.9 billion in the fiscal year.

But Michael Jorgensen, the president of the $33 million-asset Nebraska

State Bank in Oshkosh, said that even though many small-business owners can

simply pass fee hikes on to the customer, farmers cannot, because the

commodities markets control how much they can get for their crops.

"A small-business owner is not going to go out and change a $5 item to

$40, but they can change to $5.25 and still be competitive," he said.

Jeff Wolfgram, a vice president at the $605 million-asset First Dakota

National Bank in Yankton, S.D., called the proposal an attempt to balance the

budget on the backs of farmers who are least able to afford a fee increase.

Bankers say the increased cost of credit could drive some farmers out of

business, and they have voiced their concerns to bank trade groups and their

representatives in Congress.

Last week eight Farm Belt senators sent a joint letter to Secretary

Johanns; Sen. Robert Bennett, R-Utah, the chairman of the Senate

Appropriations subcommittee on agriculture; and Sen. Herbert H. Kohl of

Wisconsin, the subcommittee's ranking Democrat. In the letter, the eight

senators said they are most concerned about farmers just getting started in

business, or those who have been through drought or disaster.

"The purpose of the guaranteed loan program is to facilitate the delivery

of credit to these borrowers, not drive up their costs," the letter said. It

was signed by Sens. James M. Talent, R-Mo.; Tim Johnson, D-S.D.; Charles E.

Grassley, R.-Iowa; Pat Roberts, R-Kan.; Byron L. Dorgan, D-N.D.; Blanche L.

Lincoln, D-Ark.; Michael D. Crapo, D-Idaho; and Christopher S. Bond, R-Mo.

John M. Blanchfield, the director of the American Bankers Association's

Center for Agricultural and Rural Banking, said bankers are urging Congress

to pass a budget amendment that would prohibit the Farm Service Agency from

raising fees.

If such an amendment does not pass, the Farm Service Agency would be able

to increase fees on its own through the rulemaking process.

http://www.americanbanker.com http://www.sourcemedia.com

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo, Lasseter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: a


                        Copyright 2006 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             101 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 16, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Agriculture Secretary Vilsack Addresses Access to Credit for Veterans,
Young and Beginning Farmers in Texas

LENGTH: 990  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Agriculture, The State of Utah has issued the following news
release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack talked with veterans, young, beginning and
socially-disadvantaged producers today at a community center in San Antonio,
Texas, about USDA's work to expand credit for their farming operations. USDA is
hearing from excited producers all across the country about USDA's new microloan
program, designed to help small and family operations secure loans under
$35,000. Since 2009, said Vilsack, USDA has continued to expand the overall
number of loans to beginning farmers and ranchers as well as its lending to
socially-disadvantaged producers by significant margins.

"In his recent State of the Union Address, President Obama laid out a vision for
reigniting America's engine of growth and good-paying jobs--the American middle
class," said Vilsack. "As a bright spot in our nation's economy, agriculture
must continue to attract the smartest, hardest-working people in the nation so
we can continue to feed our nation and the world. By further expanding access to
credit to those just starting to put down roots in farming, USDA continues to
help grow a new generation of farmers, while ensuring the strength of an
American agriculture sector that drives our economy, creates jobs, and provides
the most secure and affordable food supply in the world."

USDA announced the new microloan program in January to help small and family
operations, beginning and socially disadvantaged farmers secure loans under
$35,000. The new microloan program is aimed at bolstering the progress of
producers through their start-up years by providing needed resources and helping
to increase equity so that farmers may eventually graduate to commercial credit
and expand their operations. The microloan program will also provide a less
burdensome, more simplified application process in comparison to traditional
farm loans. The interest rate for microloans changes monthly and is currently
1.25 percent.

While USDA continues to introduce new products that are more responsive to the
credit needs of its diverse customer base, the Department continues to expand
its traditional farms loans. In fact, since 2009 USDA has made a record amount
of farm loans--more than 134,000 loans totaling nearly $18 billion. USDA has
increased the number of loans to beginning farmers and ranchers from 11,000
loans in 2008 to 15,000 loans in 2011. More than 40 percent of USDA's farm loans
now go to beginning farmers. In addition, USDA has increased its lending to
socially-disadvantaged producers by nearly 50 percent since 2008.

Through USDA's Strike Force Initiative, the Department is also helping to
relieve persistent poverty in high poverty counties by improving access to
programs and services. Since Strike Force began, farm loans have helped hundreds
of minority producers in high-poverty counties in states with large populations
of minority farmers and ranchers, including Arkansas, Colorado, Georgia,
Mississippi, Nevada, and New Mexico.

For example, in fiscal year 2011, USDA made 959 loans totaling $79 million, with
76 percent going to beginning and socially-disadvantaged producers. In fiscal
year 2012, USDA made 1,144 direct farm loans totaling nearly $91 million to
producers in these high-poverty counties, with 79 percent of the loans going to
beginning and socially-disadvantaged producers--a marked improvement.

These snapshots demonstrate how USDA continues to make year-over-year gains in
expanding credit opportunities for minority, socially-disadvantaged and young
and beginning farmers and ranchers across the United States.

Administered through USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA) Operating Loan Program,
the new microloan program offers credit options and solutions to a variety of
producers. FSA has a long history of providing agricultural credit to the
nation's farmers and ranchers through its Operating Loan Program. In assessing
its programs, FSA evaluated the needs of smaller farm operations and any
unintended barriers to obtaining financing. For beginning farmers and ranchers,
for instance, the new microloan program offers a simplified loan application
process. In addition, for those who want to grow niche crops to sell directly to
ethnic markets and farmers markets, the microloan program offers a path to
obtain financing. For past FSA Rural Youth Loan recipients, the microloan
program provides a bridge to successfully transition to larger-scale operations.

Producers can apply for a maximum of $35,000 to pay for initial start-up
expenses such as hoop houses to extend the growing season, essential tools,
irrigation, delivery vehicles, and annual expenses such as seed, fertilizer,
utilities, land rents, marketing, and distribution expenses. As their financing
needs increase, applicants can apply for an operating loan up to the maximum
amount of $300,000 or obtain financing from a commercial lender under FSA's
Guaranteed Loan Program.

USDA farm loans can be used to purchase land, livestock, equipment, feed, seed,
and supplies, or be to construct buildings or make farm improvements. Small
farmers often rely on credit cards or personal loans, which carry high interest
rates and have less flexible payment schedules, to finance their operations.
Expanding access to credit, USDA's microloan will provide a simple and flexible
loan process for small operations.

Producers interested in applying for a microloan may contact their local Farm
Service Agency office.

The Obama Administration, with Agriculture Secretary Vilsack's leadership, has
worked tirelessly to strengthen rural America, maintain a strong farm safety
net, and create opportunities for America's farmers and ranchers. U.S.
agriculture is currently experiencing one of its most productive periods in
American history thanks to the productivity, resiliency, and resourcefulness of
our producers.

For further information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             102 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 18, 2013 Monday

Washington: Agriculture Secretary Vilsack Addresses Access to Credit for
Veterans, Young and Beginning Farmers in Texas

LENGTH: 990  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack talked with veterans, young, beginning and
socially-disadvantaged producers today at a community center in San Antonio,
Texas, about USDA's work to expand credit for their farming operations. USDA is
hearing from excited producers all across the country about USDA's new microloan
program, designed to help small and family operations secure loans under
$35,000. Since 2009, said Vilsack, USDA has continued to expand the overall
number of loans to beginning farmers and ranchers as well as its lending to
socially-disadvantaged producers by significant margins.

"In his recent State of the Union Address, President Obama laid out a vision for
reigniting America's engine of growth and good-paying jobs--the American middle
class," said Vilsack. "As a bright spot in our nation's economy, agriculture
must continue to attract the smartest, hardest-working people in the nation so
we can continue to feed our nation and the world. By further expanding access to
credit to those just starting to put down roots in farming, USDA continues to
help grow a new generation of farmers, while ensuring the strength of an
American agriculture sector that drives our economy, creates jobs, and provides
the most secure and affordable food supply in the world."

USDA announced the new microloan program in January to help small and family
operations, beginning and socially disadvantaged farmers secure loans under
$35,000. The new microloan program is aimed at bolstering the progress of
producers through their start-up years by providing needed resources and helping
to increase equity so that farmers may eventually graduate to commercial credit
and expand their operations. The microloan program will also provide a less
burdensome, more simplified application process in comparison to traditional
farm loans. The interest rate for microloans changes monthly and is currently
1.25 percent.

While USDA continues to introduce new products that are more responsive to the
credit needs of its diverse customer base, the Department continues to expand
its traditional farms loans. In fact, since 2009 USDA has made a record amount
of farm loans--more than 134,000 loans totaling nearly $18 billion. USDA has
increased the number of loans to beginning farmers and ranchers from 11,000
loans in 2008 to 15,000 loans in 2011. More than 40 percent of USDA's farm loans
now go to beginning farmers. In addition, USDA has increased its lending to
socially-disadvantaged producers by nearly 50 percent since 2008.

Through USDA's Strike Force Initiative, the Department is also helping to
relieve persistent poverty in high poverty counties by improving access to
programs and services. Since Strike Force began, farm loans have helped hundreds
of minority producers in high-poverty counties in states with large populations
of minority farmers and ranchers, including Arkansas, Colorado, Georgia,
Mississippi, Nevada, and New Mexico.

For example, in fiscal year 2011, USDA made 959 loans totaling $79 million, with
76 percent going to beginning and socially-disadvantaged producers. In fiscal
year 2012, USDA made 1,144 direct farm loans totaling nearly $91 million to
producers in these high-poverty counties, with 79 percent of the loans going to
beginning and socially-disadvantaged producers--a marked improvement.

These snapshots demonstrate how USDA continues to make year-over-year gains in
expanding credit opportunities for minority, socially-disadvantaged and young
and beginning farmers and ranchers across the United States.

Administered through USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA) Operating Loan Program,
the new microloan program offers credit options and solutions to a variety of
producers. FSA has a long history of providing agricultural credit to the
nation's farmers and ranchers through its Operating Loan Program. In assessing
its programs, FSA evaluated the needs of smaller farm operations and any
unintended barriers to obtaining financing. For beginning farmers and ranchers,
for instance, the new microloan program offers a simplified loan application
process. In addition, for those who want to grow niche crops to sell directly to
ethnic markets and farmers markets, the microloan program offers a path to
obtain financing. For past FSA Rural Youth Loan recipients, the microloan
program provides a bridge to successfully transition to larger-scale operations.

Producers can apply for a maximum of $35,000 to pay for initial start-up
expenses such as hoop houses to extend the growing season, essential tools,
irrigation, delivery vehicles, and annual expenses such as seed, fertilizer,
utilities, land rents, marketing, and distribution expenses. As their financing
needs increase, applicants can apply for an operating loan up to the maximum
amount of $300,000 or obtain financing from a commercial lender under FSA's
Guaranteed Loan Program.

USDA farm loans can be used to purchase land, livestock, equipment, feed, seed,
and supplies, or be to construct buildings or make farm improvements. Small
farmers often rely on credit cards or personal loans, which carry high interest
rates and have less flexible payment schedules, to finance their operations.
Expanding access to credit, USDA's microloan will provide a simple and flexible
loan process for small operations.

Producers interested in applying for a microloan may contact their local Farm
Service Agency office.

The Obama Administration, with Agriculture Secretary Vilsack's leadership, has
worked tirelessly to strengthen rural America, maintain a strong farm safety
net, and create opportunities for America's farmers and ranchers. U.S.
agriculture is currently experiencing one of its most productive periods in
American history thanks to the productivity, resiliency, and resourcefulness of
our producers.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             103 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  September 29, 1984, Saturday, Final Edition

FmHA Policies Speed Black Farmers' Ruin, Say Jackson, Activists

BYLINE: By Ward Sinclair, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A2

LENGTH: 516 words


Jesse L. Jackson and a group of black southern rural activists charged yesterday
that Reagan administration policies have speeded a trend that, in about 15
years, could result in no blacks owning land they farm.

Their criticism was focused on lending policies of the Agriculture Department's
Farmers Home Administration (FmHA), which, they said, has reduced dramatically
farm operating and ownership loans to blacks since 1980.

Jackson described the situation as "a travesty" and Joseph Brooks, president of
the Emergency Land Fund, said Agriculture Secretary John R. Block has failed to
put into effect reforms proposed a year ago by a USDA task force on problems and
needs of black farmers.

The USDA has been under nearly constant fire since 1982, when the U.S. Civil
Rights Commission criticized Block and urged major policy changes to help black
farmers. The commission warned that, without help, the country's 57,000 black
farmers face gradual extinction.

More recently, the department has been probed by a House Judiciary subcommittee,
following a USDA inspector general's report that civil-rights and
equal-opportunity enforcement is at a standstill.

FmHA statistics show that, in fiscal 1981, whites received 87 percent of the
agency's loans for farm ownership, operating and rural housing. By 1984, whites
were receiving 91 percent of the loans.

Larger disproportions occurred in the area of farm-purchase and operating loans.
In 1981, minorities received 10 percent of operating loans and 6 percent of
ownership money. By 1984, it was 7 percent for operating and 4 percent for
ownership.

Jackson, an unsuccessful candidate for the Democratic presidential nomination,
said the "doom" facing black farmers "must be put in a context beyond race" -- a
context he described as Reagan tax and spending policies aimed at helping
corporations and the wealthy at the expense of the poor.

In agriculture, he said, the administration's payment-in-kind (PIK) program to
reduce grain surpluses was "a program for the rich that paid workers not to
work. It was a pickpocket program for the poor."

Jackson was joined by Rep. Edolphus Towns (D-N.Y.), Brooks and officials of the
Federation of Southern Cooperatives in criticizing the administration. The
Emergency Land Fund and the federation work to help blacks retain or acquire new
farm land and develop new markets for their farm products.

Brooks said the USDA task force suggested "some chance of reversing this crisis
. . . but we've heard nothing since September 1983 on what the secretary of
agriculture intends to do . . . . We call on the secretary to come forward with
what he intends to do and not wait until after the general election."

Federation Director Ralph Paige said, "USDA is doing business as usual. We made
recommendations to the department, but nothing has been done. It is a case of
too little, too late. We're asking for action now."

Jackson added: "This is classic vintage Reagan antiblack, antipoor behavior . .
. . One remedy to offset illegal negative action is to legally enforce
affirmative action."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Jackson: "classic vintage Reagan antiblack, antipoor
behavior." By James. K.W. Atherton--The Washington Post

                       Copyright 1984 The Washington Post


                             104 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

States Look for Ways to Help Farmers;
Urgent Need for Spring Planting Loans Spurs Search for Aid Plan in Midwest

                           February 22, 1985, Friday

By ANDREA BENNETT

DATELINE: CHICAGO


Efforts to form state credit corporations to help struggling farmers are gaining
momentum in the Midwest as states in the region seek ways to supplement the
lagging farm aid programs of the federal government.

Last week, the Minnesota Senate approved a $25 million interest rate subsidy
plan that would repay lenders for making low-interest loans to farmers. It was
one of the first concrete actions to emerge from a number of state legislatures
that are debating how to use state funds to help farmers make it through the
coming year.

However, no state has yet enacted a farm aid plan. And the Minnesota Senate's
bill must still be considered by the House.

Recent studies predict that as many as 15% of all farmers are in such precarious
financial shape that they will be unable to get the loans they need to plant
this spring.

Farm aid programs from the federal government - which has said it will guarantee
up to $650 million in farm loans made by private lenders - are seen by some as
inadequate to meet the need.

Farm states are trying to make up the difference by setting up credit
corporations that would use state funds to help farmers get operating loans.

Among the states currently considering forming credit corporations are Iowa,
Kansas, Minnesota, Nebraska, North and South Dakota, and Wisconsin.

So far, most of the enthusiasm has been generated for setting up state
corporations that would either buy down the interest rates charged farmers, make
low-interest loans, or provide guarantees on farm loans made by private lenders.

''We're coming more and more to the realization that for the 1985 crop year we
need a buy-down, a pool of loan funds, a guarantee, or a combination of the
three,'' said Neil Milner, executive vice president of the Iowa Bankers
Association.

Most of the states are under pressure to come up with some solution in early
March so that farmers can get loans in time to plant.

In Iowa, almost daily meetings and conferences on the subject were being held in
early February.

''Farmers need operating loans within 30 days,'' said Mr. Milner in early
February. ''Any plan must be simple and easily understood'' so it can be
implemented quickly, he added.

But in Kansas, though debate is going on, the pace was less frenzied.  James S.
Maag, director of research at the Kansas Bankers Association, explained that
because Kansas' main crop is winter wheat, most of its operating loans are not
made until fall. Pressure for a state credit corporation could pick up then.

Currently, many states are trying to build a consensus about what form the
relief should take. In Iowa, legislators have been debating which type of
program to favor.

No real consensus on the best way to help farmers exists, Mr. Milner said.
''The legislators have shown a strong willingness to get the consensus of
lenders and farmers. Once they get that, I think they'll move very fast,'' he
added.

Late last week, the Iowa Senate was considering a proposal to set up a state
agency to sell $60 million in tax-exempt bonds to subsidize farm loans.  Other
recent activity included the approval by the Iowa House agriculture committee of
a measure calling for spending $65 million to subsidize interest rates on spring
operating loans. In addition, the state secretary of agriculture urged the
formation of a ''security fund'' that would guarantee loans.

Funding Debated

Almost as intense as the debate about what form the relief should take is the
debate on how it is to be funded.

Estimates on how much the various plans will cost range from about $3.8 million
in North Dakota (''It's a heavy amount for our state,'' said Harry J.  Argue,
executive director of the North Dakota Bankers Association) to $150 million for
a Nebraska proposal to purchase farm loans at failed banks.

It will be difficult for legislators to squeeze that money out of already tight
state budgets. Other ways of financing the corporations have been considered,
ranging from backing plans with employee pension funds to backing them with the
reserves of state-chartered banks.

Iowa and Nebraska are also considering proposals to sell bonds to raise the
money. Plans to raise income taxes to fund the corporations have been coolly
received, especially in Iowa where the governor has said he will probably veto a
tax increase and the Senate majority leader said such a proposal probably would
be unconstitutional.

States are also considering setting up credit corporations that would help farm
customers hurt by banng a bill that would set up an emergency guarantee fund
that would provide farmers with lines of credit if their financial institution
fails.  State banking officials say the recent upheaval in Verdigre, Neb., where
the closing of a bank left many farmers in the area without credit, provided the
impetus for the bill.

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 808 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                             105 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Courier (Freeman, South Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 15, 2010

Farm loan program options at FSA;
FSA Notes Turner County Farm Service Agency Parker - 297-5564

BYLINE: by Richard Hotter, FLM

LENGTH: 572  words


The Farm Service Agency (FSA) offers loans for farmers and ranchers to purchase
farmland and finance agricultural operations. FSA loan programs are designed to
help producers who are temporarily unable to obtain private or commercial
credit. In many cases, applicants are beginning farmers who have insufficient
net worth to qualify for financing through a commercial lender. In other
instances, borrowers might have suffered setbacks from natural disasters or
might be persons with limited resources.

Farm ownership loans or farm operating loans may be obtained as direct loans for
a maximum of up to $300,000. Guaranteed loans can reach a maximum indebtedness
of $1,094,000. Emergency loans are always direct loans for fanners who may have
suffered physical or production losses in disaster areas designated by a
Presidential or Secretarial disaster declaration. Rural youth loans, loans to
beginning farmers and loans for socially disadvantaged applicants are also
available through FSA.

For detail information loan eligibility or the different available loan
programs, just contact the county office staff for an appointment with a farm
loan officer.

Down payment loan program

FSA has a special loan program to assist socially disadvantaged and beginning
farmers in purchasing a farm. Retiring farmers may use this program to transfer
their land to future generations.

To qualify:

The applicant must make a cash down payment of at least 5 percent of the
purchase price.

The maximum loan amount does not exceed 45 percent of the least of (a) the
purchase price of the farm or ranch to be acquired; (b) the appraised value of
the farm or ranch to be acquired; or (c) $500,000 (Note: This results in a
maximum loan amount of $225,000).

The term of the loan is 20 years. The interest rate is 4 percent below the
direct Farm Ownership Loan rate, but not lower than 1.5 percent.

The remaining balance may be obtained from a commercial lender or private party.
FSA can provide up to a 95 percent guarantee if financing is obtained from a
commercial lender. Participating lenders do not have to pay a guarantee fee.

Youth loans

The Farm Service Agency makes loans to rural youths to establish and operate
agricultural income-producing projects in connection with 4-H clubs, FFA and
other agricultural groups. Projects must be planned and operated with the help
of the organization advisor, produce sufficient income to repay the loan and
provide the youth with practical business and educational experience. The
maximum loan amount is $5000.

Youth loan eligibility requirements:

Be a citizen of the United States (which includes Puerto Rico, the Virgin
Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands)
or a legal resident alien

Be 10 years to 21 years of age

Live in a rural area or in a town of 50,000 people or fewer

Must obtain a written recommendation and consent from a parent or guardian if
the applicant has not reached die age of majority under state law

Comply with FSA's general eligibility requirements

Conduct a modest agricultural income-producing project in a supervised program
of work as outlined above

Demonstrate capability of planning, managing and operating me project under
guidance and assistance from a project advisor. The project supervisor must
recommend the project and me loan, along with providing adequate supervision.

Please call me office with questions or to make an appointment at 605-297-5564.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FRE

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                  Copyright 2010 Freeman, South Dakota Courier


                             106 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                              March 8, 2010 Monday
                         State Edition; Coastal Edition

Farm Service Agency offers loan program

SECTION: Pg. B3

LENGTH: 102 words

DATELINE: MACHIAS


The Farm Service Agency has funding for socially disadvantaged applicants to buy
and operate family-size farms.

The program provides farm operating and farm ownership loans. Operating loans
may be used to purchase livestock, equipment, feed, seed and other
business-related expenses. Repayment terms run from one to seven years.
Ownership loans are used to purchase or enlarge a farm, construct or improve
buildings or promote conservation practices and pay closing costs. Terms for
ownership loans can run up to 40 years.

To apply for Farm Service Agency assistance, call the Washington County FSA at
255-3612, ext. 2.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Bangor Daily News


                             107 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

               Copyright 2017 Hoover's Inc., All Rights Reserved

                  Hoover's Company Records - In-depth Records

                                 March 29, 2017

                            Farm Credit Mid-America

                                  1601 Ups Dr
                           Louisville,  KY 40223-4023
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 502-420-3700
FAX: 502-420-3788
URL: www.farmcreditnetwork.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
HOOVER ID: 110528

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
LEGAL STATUS: Private - Cooperative

EMPLOYEES:  325

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *

OFFICER                 TITLE             AGE     SALARY      BONUS TOTAL_COMP
                                                                      ENSATION
MATT (Matty) NEAL       Regional Vice       -          -          -          -
                        President
Paul C. Bruce           SVP Financial       -          -          -          -
                        Operations and
                        CFO
Gordon (Gordy) Hanson   Senior Vice         -          -          -          -
                        President and
                        Chief Risk
                        Officer
Bill Johnson            President and       -          -          -          -
                        CEO
Richard (Dick) Poe      Senior Vice         -          -          -          -
                        President
                        Financial
                        Services
Mike (Mikey) Keen       Regional Vice       -          -          -          -
                        President
Bill (Billy) Medley     Vice President      -          -          -          -
John (Jack) Carpenter   Vice President      -          -          -          -
                        Credit
Greg Freck              Vice President      -          -          -          -
                        Of Marketing
Dan Wagner              SVP and CIO         -          -          -          -
Derrick (Ric) Sparkman  Regional Vice       -          -          -          -
                        President
Randie Barnard          Senior Vice         -          -          -          -
                        President Risk
                        Management
Matthew (Matt) Monteiro Vice President      -          -          -          -
                        Finance and
                        Treasurer
Chuck (Chucky)          Vice President      -          -          -          -
Millhollan              of Process
                        Improvement and
                        Execution
Rick (Ricky) Nelson     Vice President      -          -          -          -
                        Agribusiness
Heather (Heath)         Vice President      -          -          -          -
Hornback
Phil Kimmel             Senior Vice         -          -          -          -
                        President Busn
                        Dev
Jonathan (Jon) Carrico  Assistant Vice      -          -          -          -
                        President
                        Business
                        Applications
Keith Lane              SVP AgriBusiness    -          -          -          -


DIRECTOR                    TITLE                AGE
Kevin Cox                   Chair                  -

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *


   If Old McDonald's farm is in Indiana, Kentucky, Ohio, or Tennessee, he might
have a loan-loan-here and a loan-loan-there from Farm Credit Services of
Mid-America. The cooperative association, one of the largest in the National
Farm Credit System, provides lending and other financial services to these
states' farmers and rural homeowners. Borrowers use Farm Credit's products to
purchase real estate, homes, livestock, and farming equipment, to fund capital
improvements, and to cover operating and living expenses. The cooperative more
than $21 billion in assets under management and serves about 100,000 customers
through 95-plus offices located throughout its service area.

   Operations

   Farm Credit Mid-America provides more than 150,000 loans to its customers in
Indiana, Ohio, Kentucky, and Tennessee. Of these, the bank finances more than
6,000 rural homes annually.

   Nearly 70% of the bank's $18.8 billion loan portfolio is made up of real
estate mortgages, while just over 15% is made up of production and immediate
term loans. The remainder of the portfolio is made up of agribusiness, rural
residential real estate, finance leases, and other loans.

   In addition to providing loans and leases, Farm Credit Services of
Mid-America also offers life and crop insurance, as well as farm cash management
services. The association also has a financing program that offers credit for
new and used machinery through equipment dealerships.

   Geographic Reach

   Farm Credit Services of Mid-America has nearly 100 sales offices in Indiana,
Kentucky, Ohio, and Tennessee. Roughly 50% of its loan business is generated in
Ohio and Indiana, while another 20% is generated in Tennessee. Nearly 15% of
loan business comes from Kentucky.

   Sales and Marketing

   Farm Credit Services of Mid-America provides more than $191 billion in credit
and related services to farmers, agribusinesses, and rural home owners, as well
as agricultural and rural utility cooperatives. The company serves almost
100,000 customer-members.

   Financial Performance

   The cooperative's revenue jumped by 8% to $856.3 million in 2014, thanks to
growth in interest income as the bank increased its loan assets, and thanks to
growth in fee-based and other income from its financial services. Higher revenue
and lower income taxes also pushed net income up 1% to $311.07 million in 2014.

   Cash levels also grew by 7%, with operations providing $375.03 million in
2013, as the company enjoyed higher earnings and wrote off more in loan loss
provisions.

   The bank's owned and managed assets grew by 3% to $21.4 billion in 2014. Its
loan assets rose by 6%, and have grown steadily over the years, from $12 billion
in 2008 to $18.8 billion in 2014.

   Company Background

   In 2013 Farm Credit Services of Mid-America was named the 2013 Agribusiness
of the Year by the Agribusiness Industry Network. Judging criteria included
community involvement, growth and financial stability, economic impact, employee
relations, leadership and contributions to the agribusiness community in
Louisville (Kentucky) and surrounding areas.

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
522291 - Consumer Lending
522293 - International Trade Financing
SIC CODES:
6141 - Personal credit institutions
6159 - Misc. business credit institutions
MARKETS:

   2014 Loan Portfolio by Geographic Area

   % of total

   Indiana 26

   Ohio 24

   Tennessee 19

   Kentucky 14

   Other 17

   Total 100

     ·    2014 Loan Portfolio
     ·    % of total
     ·    Real estate 69
     ·    Production and intermediate term 17
     ·    Agribusiness 6
     ·    Rural residential real estate 5
     ·    Leases & other 3
     ·    Total 100
     ·    Selected Products
     ·
     ·    Farm Loans
     ·    AgriBusiness Financing
     ·    Business Loans
     ·    Crop Insurance
     ·    Equipment Loans
     ·    Equity Loan
     ·    Farm Cash Management
     ·    Farm Leasing
     ·    Farm Real Estate Loans
     ·    Funds Held
     ·    Operating Loans
     ·    Home Loans
     ·    Construction Financing
     ·    Home Site Financing
     ·    Log Home Financing
     ·    Refinancing


COMPETITORS:

     ·    AgFirst
     ·    Rabo AgriFinance
     ·    Farmer Mac


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December, 2013

(Millions U.S. Dollars)               2013              2012              2011
Revenue                             $793.1            $793.7            $783.7
Net Income                          $308.4            $288.6            $278.6
Net Profit                           38.9%             36.4%             35.5%

     ·    One Year Sales Growth: (0.1%)
     ·    One Year Income Growth: 6.9%


                                                       2013
Debt Ratio                                           497.3%
Return on Equity                                       9.3%
Return on Assets                                       1.5%
Long-term debt                              $16,479,100,000

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2017


                             108 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 19, 2016 Monday

Mississippi: Farm crisis quietly looms in rising costs, low prices

LENGTH: 1068  words

DATELINE: New York



 Jackson: Mississippi State University Extension has issued the following news
release:



 A farm crisis may have silently begun in the United States, an agricultural
economist with the Mississippi State University Extension Service concluded
after careful consideration of commodity prices and farm costs.





 "2013 was the last year of relatively high commodity prices. At that same time,
during the run-up of commodity prices from the mid-2000s to 2013, input costs
went up," said Bryon Parman, Extension agricultural economist. "Now, commodity
prices have come down, but input costs have not come down nearly as fast."



 "We've had a couple years in a row now of negative returns for farmers," he
said. "They've lost money per acre, especially those who are renting land."



 Whether or not people realize it, the financial viability of farms matters to
everybody.



 "The countries of the world try to grow enough food to sustain their
populations, but the U.S. grows far more food than we need," Parman said. "If
you ever are at the mercy of war, politics or something similar, that causes
food shortages.



 "The most vulnerable farms are those that are highly leveraged, with most farms
still in decent financial shape. However, should enough vulnerable farms be
forced into bankruptcy, it could very easily put farms previously considered
financially sound in jeopardy through rapid asset devaluation," he said.



 Agriculture is a significant Mississippi industry, and if that sector is hurt,
many jobs and local economies will be in big trouble, Parman said.



 Parman recently completed his annual study of farm revenues and profitability,
which is published through the MSU Extension Service. That study shows a lot of
red in the financial columns of Mississippi farms.



 First, Parman calculated the cost of production for corn, cotton and soybeans,
with separate calculations for irrigated and nonirrigated crops and production
in the Delta and non-Delta areas. He also calculated the cost of production for
rice, sorghum, wheat, peanuts and sweet potatoes. Parman tallied typical land
costs and average yield expectations, and he based his figures on forecasted
prices for each commodity.



 Parman's charts show a high potential for negative returns -- what regular
folks call losses.



 "We're not covering the all-in, all-expenses cost of farming. We're barely
covering expenses," he said. "Where we really get into the danger zone is when
you can't cover the costs. That's when it's better to leave the field fallow and
not even plant."



 For example, consider a scenario in which cotton brings 60 cents a pound. When
all expenses are added in -- including irrigation and land costs -- growers
would have to yield 1,430 pounds an acre to make a profit. However,
Mississippi's average yield for irrigated cotton is 1,100 pounds per acre.



 Or consider irrigated soybeans grown in the Delta at an expected price of $8.98
a bushel. Growers would have to harvest an unrealistic 78 bushels an acre to
come out ahead. An average of 54 bushels an acre is typical.



 "Commodity prices and operating costs are such that it's difficult to make any
profit now," Parman said. "One of the challenges we face in Mississippi is a lot
of farmers aren't aware of what it actually costs to produce their crops, and
they get a shock when they go to the bank."



 Producers see their bankers each spring to get operating loans, which is cash
borrowed to produce the next crop. Growing a crop is extremely expensive, and it
is an accepted part of farming to pay off in the fall the money borrowed in the
spring.



 "On a typical Delta farm with 3,000 acres of cotton, corn and soybeans, you
could have an operating line of up $2.33 million for all costs to carry you
through harvest," Parman said. "You sell your grain in the fall, pay off the
operating line, and your living expenses come out of what is left.



 "In farming, you have to keep getting the operating loans, and to do that, you
have to have paid off the previous year's operating loan and be current on all
long-term debt to get the next year's loan," he said.



 If a farm ends up in the red one year, a common practice is to transfer the
shortfall into long-term debt by borrowing against the land. In years past, land
prices have always gone up, making it possible to borrow significantly against
that asset.



 "There's a lot of young people in the lending and farming communities who have
never seen land values and equipment values decline," Parman said. "In the
1980s, land values dropped by as much as 60 percent or more of the overall value
in a very short time. Since then, land has gone no direction but up. But land is
only worth what it can generate in income."



 So at a time when low commodity prices are making low or no profits, farmers
are having a hard time paying off their operating loans.



 "According to my survey, on average, 21 percent of Mississippi farms from 2015
to 2016 were unable to pay off their operating loan from crop sales," Parman
said.



 Compounding the problem is the fact that when commodity prices were high in the
last few years, many farmers borrowed money for new equipment purchases. At the
time, it seemed like a good idea for tax depreciation purposes, but when
commodity prices dropped, producers still had to make the payments on that
equipment.



 "Farmland is in recession right now," Parman said. "The last couple of years,
there's actually been a decline in land values, and there are few land sales
going on right now. Borrowing against land when it is highly valuable is not a
big deal, but it will also decline in value if you have to keep borrowing
against it."



 Keith Coble, head of the MSU Department of Agricultural Economics, said farm
programs, defined in every farm bill passed by Congress, mitigate some, but not
all, of the red ink.



 "What we expect to get from farm programs varies greatly by farm crop," Coble
said. "For anybody covered by the Agriculture Risk Coverage program, it has been
a significant level of protection, but the structure of the program will lead to
less protection in 2017 and beyond.



 "The bottom line is that there's been a shift away from traditional programs
towards crop insurance," he said. "This will help but will not turn that red ink
into black ink completely."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             109 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 16, 2016 Friday

Mississippi: Farm crisis quietly looms in rising costs, low prices

LENGTH: 1068  words

DATELINE: New York



 Jackson: Mississippi State University Extension has issued the following news
release:



 A farm crisis may have silently begun in the United States, an agricultural
economist with the Mississippi State University Extension Service concluded
after careful consideration of commodity prices and farm costs.





 "2013 was the last year of relatively high commodity prices. At that same time,
during the run-up of commodity prices from the mid-2000s to 2013, input costs
went up," said Bryon Parman, Extension agricultural economist. "Now, commodity
prices have come down, but input costs have not come down nearly as fast."



 "We've had a couple years in a row now of negative returns for farmers," he
said. "They've lost money per acre, especially those who are renting land."



 Whether or not people realize it, the financial viability of farms matters to
everybody.



 "The countries of the world try to grow enough food to sustain their
populations, but the U.S. grows far more food than we need," Parman said. "If
you ever are at the mercy of war, politics or something similar, that causes
food shortages.



 "The most vulnerable farms are those that are highly leveraged, with most farms
still in decent financial shape. However, should enough vulnerable farms be
forced into bankruptcy, it could very easily put farms previously considered
financially sound in jeopardy through rapid asset devaluation," he said.



 Agriculture is a significant Mississippi industry, and if that sector is hurt,
many jobs and local economies will be in big trouble, Parman said.



 Parman recently completed his annual study of farm revenues and profitability,
which is published through the MSU Extension Service. That study shows a lot of
red in the financial columns of Mississippi farms.



 First, Parman calculated the cost of production for corn, cotton and soybeans,
with separate calculations for irrigated and nonirrigated crops and production
in the Delta and non-Delta areas. He also calculated the cost of production for
rice, sorghum, wheat, peanuts and sweet potatoes. Parman tallied typical land
costs and average yield expectations, and he based his figures on forecasted
prices for each commodity.



 Parman's charts show a high potential for negative returns -- what regular
folks call losses.



 "We're not covering the all-in, all-expenses cost of farming. We're barely
covering expenses," he said. "Where we really get into the danger zone is when
you can't cover the costs. That's when it's better to leave the field fallow and
not even plant."



 For example, consider a scenario in which cotton brings 60 cents a pound. When
all expenses are added in -- including irrigation and land costs -- growers
would have to yield 1,430 pounds an acre to make a profit. However,
Mississippi's average yield for irrigated cotton is 1,100 pounds per acre.



 Or consider irrigated soybeans grown in the Delta at an expected price of $8.98
a bushel. Growers would have to harvest an unrealistic 78 bushels an acre to
come out ahead. An average of 54 bushels an acre is typical.



 "Commodity prices and operating costs are such that it's difficult to make any
profit now," Parman said. "One of the challenges we face in Mississippi is a lot
of farmers aren't aware of what it actually costs to produce their crops, and
they get a shock when they go to the bank."



 Producers see their bankers each spring to get operating loans, which is cash
borrowed to produce the next crop. Growing a crop is extremely expensive, and it
is an accepted part of farming to pay off in the fall the money borrowed in the
spring.



 "On a typical Delta farm with 3,000 acres of cotton, corn and soybeans, you
could have an operating line of up $2.33 million for all costs to carry you
through harvest," Parman said. "You sell your grain in the fall, pay off the
operating line, and your living expenses come out of what is left.



 "In farming, you have to keep getting the operating loans, and to do that, you
have to have paid off the previous year's operating loan and be current on all
long-term debt to get the next year's loan," he said.



 If a farm ends up in the red one year, a common practice is to transfer the
shortfall into long-term debt by borrowing against the land. In years past, land
prices have always gone up, making it possible to borrow significantly against
that asset.



 "There's a lot of young people in the lending and farming communities who have
never seen land values and equipment values decline," Parman said. "In the
1980s, land values dropped by as much as 60 percent or more of the overall value
in a very short time. Since then, land has gone no direction but up. But land is
only worth what it can generate in income."



 So at a time when low commodity prices are making low or no profits, farmers
are having a hard time paying off their operating loans.



 "According to my survey, on average, 21 percent of Mississippi farms from 2015
to 2016 were unable to pay off their operating loan from crop sales," Parman
said.



 Compounding the problem is the fact that when commodity prices were high in the
last few years, many farmers borrowed money for new equipment purchases. At the
time, it seemed like a good idea for tax depreciation purposes, but when
commodity prices dropped, producers still had to make the payments on that
equipment.



 "Farmland is in recession right now," Parman said. "The last couple of years,
there's actually been a decline in land values, and there are few land sales
going on right now. Borrowing against land when it is highly valuable is not a
big deal, but it will also decline in value if you have to keep borrowing
against it."



 Keith Coble, head of the MSU Department of Agricultural Economics, said farm
programs, defined in every farm bill passed by Congress, mitigate some, but not
all, of the red ink.



 "What we expect to get from farm programs varies greatly by farm crop," Coble
said. "For anybody covered by the Agriculture Risk Coverage program, it has been
a significant level of protection, but the structure of the program will lead to
less protection in 2017 and beyond.



 "The bottom line is that there's been a shift away from traditional programs
towards crop insurance," he said. "This will help but will not turn that red ink
into black ink completely."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             110 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 16, 2016 Friday

Mississippi: Farm crisis quietly looms in rising costs, low prices

LENGTH: 1068  words

DATELINE: New York



 Jackson: Mississippi State University Extension has issued the following news
release:



 A farm crisis may have silently begun in the United States, an agricultural
economist with the Mississippi State University Extension Service concluded
after careful consideration of commodity prices and farm costs.





 "2013 was the last year of relatively high commodity prices. At that same time,
during the run-up of commodity prices from the mid-2000s to 2013, input costs
went up," said Bryon Parman, Extension agricultural economist. "Now, commodity
prices have come down, but input costs have not come down nearly as fast."



 "We've had a couple years in a row now of negative returns for farmers," he
said. "They've lost money per acre, especially those who are renting land."



 Whether or not people realize it, the financial viability of farms matters to
everybody.



 "The countries of the world try to grow enough food to sustain their
populations, but the U.S. grows far more food than we need," Parman said. "If
you ever are at the mercy of war, politics or something similar, that causes
food shortages.



 "The most vulnerable farms are those that are highly leveraged, with most farms
still in decent financial shape. However, should enough vulnerable farms be
forced into bankruptcy, it could very easily put farms previously considered
financially sound in jeopardy through rapid asset devaluation," he said.



 Agriculture is a significant Mississippi industry, and if that sector is hurt,
many jobs and local economies will be in big trouble, Parman said.



 Parman recently completed his annual study of farm revenues and profitability,
which is published through the MSU Extension Service. That study shows a lot of
red in the financial columns of Mississippi farms.



 First, Parman calculated the cost of production for corn, cotton and soybeans,
with separate calculations for irrigated and nonirrigated crops and production
in the Delta and non-Delta areas. He also calculated the cost of production for
rice, sorghum, wheat, peanuts and sweet potatoes. Parman tallied typical land
costs and average yield expectations, and he based his figures on forecasted
prices for each commodity.



 Parman's charts show a high potential for negative returns -- what regular
folks call losses.



 "We're not covering the all-in, all-expenses cost of farming. We're barely
covering expenses," he said. "Where we really get into the danger zone is when
you can't cover the costs. That's when it's better to leave the field fallow and
not even plant."



 For example, consider a scenario in which cotton brings 60 cents a pound. When
all expenses are added in -- including irrigation and land costs -- growers
would have to yield 1,430 pounds an acre to make a profit. However,
Mississippi's average yield for irrigated cotton is 1,100 pounds per acre.



 Or consider irrigated soybeans grown in the Delta at an expected price of $8.98
a bushel. Growers would have to harvest an unrealistic 78 bushels an acre to
come out ahead. An average of 54 bushels an acre is typical.



 "Commodity prices and operating costs are such that it's difficult to make any
profit now," Parman said. "One of the challenges we face in Mississippi is a lot
of farmers aren't aware of what it actually costs to produce their crops, and
they get a shock when they go to the bank."



 Producers see their bankers each spring to get operating loans, which is cash
borrowed to produce the next crop. Growing a crop is extremely expensive, and it
is an accepted part of farming to pay off in the fall the money borrowed in the
spring.



 "On a typical Delta farm with 3,000 acres of cotton, corn and soybeans, you
could have an operating line of up $2.33 million for all costs to carry you
through harvest," Parman said. "You sell your grain in the fall, pay off the
operating line, and your living expenses come out of what is left.



 "In farming, you have to keep getting the operating loans, and to do that, you
have to have paid off the previous year's operating loan and be current on all
long-term debt to get the next year's loan," he said.



 If a farm ends up in the red one year, a common practice is to transfer the
shortfall into long-term debt by borrowing against the land. In years past, land
prices have always gone up, making it possible to borrow significantly against
that asset.



 "There's a lot of young people in the lending and farming communities who have
never seen land values and equipment values decline," Parman said. "In the
1980s, land values dropped by as much as 60 percent or more of the overall value
in a very short time. Since then, land has gone no direction but up. But land is
only worth what it can generate in income."



 So at a time when low commodity prices are making low or no profits, farmers
are having a hard time paying off their operating loans.



 "According to my survey, on average, 21 percent of Mississippi farms from 2015
to 2016 were unable to pay off their operating loan from crop sales," Parman
said.



 Compounding the problem is the fact that when commodity prices were high in the
last few years, many farmers borrowed money for new equipment purchases. At the
time, it seemed like a good idea for tax depreciation purposes, but when
commodity prices dropped, producers still had to make the payments on that
equipment.



 "Farmland is in recession right now," Parman said. "The last couple of years,
there's actually been a decline in land values, and there are few land sales
going on right now. Borrowing against land when it is highly valuable is not a
big deal, but it will also decline in value if you have to keep borrowing
against it."



 Keith Coble, head of the MSU Department of Agricultural Economics, said farm
programs, defined in every farm bill passed by Congress, mitigate some, but not
all, of the red ink.



 "What we expect to get from farm programs varies greatly by farm crop," Coble
said. "For anybody covered by the Agriculture Risk Coverage program, it has been
a significant level of protection, but the structure of the program will lead to
less protection in 2017 and beyond.



 "The bottom line is that there's been a shift away from traditional programs
towards crop insurance," he said. "This will help but will not turn that red ink
into black ink completely."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             111 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     Western Kansas World (Wakeeny, Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 10, 2015

Emergency Loans Available from FSA

BYLINE: Western Kansas World staff

LENGTH: 428  words


"Farmers in Rooks and Graham Counties, who suffered crop losses due to drought,
winter kill, and insect infestation occurring January 1, 2015 and continuing may
now apply for Farm Service Agency (FSA) emergency loans," FSA Farm Loan Manager,
Randal R. Thiel, said today. Applications for assistance will be accepted by FSA
until April 26, 2016.

"Loans covering physical and/or production losses are scheduled for repayment as
rapidly as feasible, consistent with the applicant's reasonable ability to pay,"
said Thiel. The current interest rate is 3.625 percent but is subject to monthly
changes until the loan is approved.

FSA's Farm Loan Programs staff is committed to new and existing customers, FSA
customer goals and our rural communities. FSA's service extends beyond the
typical loan, offering FSA customers ongoing consultation, advice and creative
ways to make your farm business thrive. At the Farm Service Agency, we want to
be your lender of first opportunity to overcome these adverse weather conditions
and rebuild your operation to get back on track. FSA's loan staff can refer
customers to other public and commercial financing sources that can serve as a
blend with FSA's farm loan programs.

FSA loans covering physical losses may be used to replace installations,
equipment, livestock, or buildings (including homes), lost through this
disaster.

FSA loans covering production losses may be used to buy feed, seed, fertilizer,
livestock, or to make payments on real estate and chattel debts. "Funds can also
be used for other essential operating and living expenses," Thiel said.

To be eligible for an emergency disaster loan, an applicant must be operating a
family size farm or ranch, must be unable to get credit elsewhere, and must have
suffered a qualifying physical and/or production loss from the disaster.

Farmers who suffered at least a 30 percent reduction to at least one cropping
enterprise, may have a qualifying production loss. Emergency disaster production
loss loans cover 100 percent of qualifying losses.

Farmers and ranchers that think they may eligible should contact the FSA County
Office in Hill City, Kansas or call 785-421-2115 for additional information and
how to apply. USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer. To file a
complaint of discrimination, write: USDA, Office of the Assistant Secretary for
Civil Rights, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Ave., SW, Washington, DC
20250-9410 or call (866) 632-9992 (Toll-free Customer Service), (800) 877-8339
(Local or Federal relay), (866) 377-8642 (Relay voice users).

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WKW

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2015 Western Kansas World


                             112 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             India Investment News

                         May 9, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Farmland Partners Reports Results for Quarter Ended March 31, Announces First
Quarter AFFO Per Share of $0.11 - a 186% Year-Over-Year Increase

LENGTH: 1348  words


May 9 -- Farmland Partners Inc. (NYSE: FPI) (the "Company") today reported
financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2016.

First Quarter Highlights

* Reported Adjusted Funds from Operations ("AFFO") per fully diluted weighted
average share of $0.11 for the quarter ended March 31, 2016, a 186% increase
over the same period last year

* Reported operating revenues of $4.7 million for the quarter ended March 31,
2016, a 123% increase over the same period last year

* Reported Adjusted EBITDA of $3.7 million for the quarter ended March 31, 2016,
a 224% increase over the same period last year

* Completed acquisitions of 32,785 acres for an aggregate purchase price of
$239.5 million, including 2,608,695 common units in the Company's operating
partnership ("OP Units") and $117 million of preferred units in the Company's
Operating Partnership ("Preferred Units")

* Entered into a loan agreement with Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, which
provides a total of $127.0 million of term loans

* Declared a dividend of $0.1275 per share ($0.51 annualized) for the first
quarter of 2016 - a 4.46% distribution rate based on the Company's closing stock
price on Monday, May 9, 2016

"Our large Paris, Illinois acquisition highlighted a transformative quarter for
our Company," said Paul Pittman, the Company's CEO. "Our first quarter operating
revenues more than doubled year-over-year, which is indicative of the scale that
we have achieved in a relatively short period of time."

Other Recent Highlights

* Completed acquisitions of a total of 1,111 acres for an aggregate purchase
price of $3.8 million since the end of the first quarter

* Entered into contracts to acquire seven farms totaling 2,944 acres for an
aggregate purchase price of $14.8 million in cash since the end of the first
quarter

Second Quarter 2016 Dividend Declaration

The Company also announced that its Board of Directors has approved a quarterly
cash dividend of $0.1275 per share to be paid on July 15, 2016 to stockholders
of record at close of business on July 1, 2016. The annualized dividend of $0.51
per share represents an annual distribution rate of 4.46% based on the Company's
closing stock price on Monday, May 9, 2016.

New Indebtedness

On March 29, 2016, the Company entered into a loan agreement with Metropolitan
Life Insurance Company ("MetLife"), which provides up to a total of $127 million
of term loans, comprised of (i) a ten-year $90 million term loan with an
interest rate of the greater of (a) three-month LIBOR plus an initial floating
rate spread of 1.75% or (b) 2.00%, (ii) a ten-year $16.0 million term loan with
an initial interest rate of 2.66%, and (iii) a ten-year $21.0 million term loan
with an initial interest rate of 2.66% (collectively, the "MetLife Term Loans").
The MetLife Term Loans are currently fully drawn.

On February 29, 2016, the Company entered into a term loan agreement with MSD
FPI Partners, LLC, an affiliate of MSD Partners, L.P., that provided for a loan
of $53.0 million (the "Bridge Loan"), the proceeds of which were used primarily
to fund the cash portion of the consideration for the acquisition of the
Forsythe farms comprised of approximately 22,128 acres in Paris, Illinois, which
was completed on March 2, 2016. The Bridge Loan had an interest rate equal to
the one-month LIBOR plus 3.00%, as well as a one-time additional interest of
4.00%, or $2.1 million, in the form of a discount on issuance. The Bridge Loan
was paid in full, including accrued interest and without prepayment penalty, on
March 29, 2016 using proceeds from the MetLife Term Loans.

Acquisition Activity

In the first quarter of 2016, the Company acquired 125 farms in five states as
follows:

* One farm in Michigan totaling 265 acres for a purchase price of $1.6 million

* One farm in Texas totaling 2,056 acres for a purchase price of $6.1 million

* One farm in Louisiana totaling 7,400 acres for a purchase price of $31.8
million

* Two farms in Georgia totaling 816 acres for an aggregate purchase price of
$1.8 million

* 120 farms in Illinois totaling 22,248 acres for an aggregate purchase price of
$197.1 million, including $50.0 million in cash, 2,608,695 OP Units and $117
million of Preferred Units

During the first quarter of 2016, the Company entered into contracts for the
acquisition of three farms totaling 1,111 acres in Georgia and Mississippi for
an aggregate purchase price of $3.8 million, all of which closed subsequent to
March 31, 2016.

In addition, subsequent to March 31, 2016, the Company entered into contracts
for the acquisition of seven farms in Colorado, Florida, Illinois, South
Carolina, and Texas totaling 2,944 acres for an aggregate purchase price of
$14.8 million, all of which are expected to close in the second quarter of 2016,
subject to customary closing conditions.

Adjusted Funds from Operations and Adjusted EBITDA

AFFO was $1.8 million for the first quarter of 2016, as compared to $0.4 million
for the first quarter of 2015. AFFO per fully diluted share was $0.11 for the
first quarter of 2016, as compared to $0.04 for the first quarter of 2015.

Adjusted EBITDA was $3.7 million for the first quarter of 2016, as compared to
$1.1 million for the first quarter of 2015.

See "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for complete definitions of AFFO and Adjusted
EBITDA and the financial tables accompanying this press release for
reconciliations of net income to AFFO and Adjusted EBITDA.

Operating Results

The Company owns or has under contract 265 farms in Arkansas, Colorado, Florida,
Georgia, Illinois, Kansas, Louisiana, Michigan, Mississippi, Nebraska, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Texas and Virginia totaling approximately 111,107
acres, including seven farms totaling 2,944 acres under contract.

The majority of our tenants pay at least 50% of their annual rent in advance of
each spring planting season. Consistent with industry practice for cash rents,
when we make new acquisitions in the first half of the year, we often will
receive 100% of the year's rent at closing. However the Company recognizes
revenues on a straight-line basis throughout the entire multi-year term of the
lease, as required by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP").
Actual cash rent receipts for the three months ended March 31, 2016 were $10.7
million, as compared to $6.5 million for the three months ended March 31, 2015.

The Company recorded rental income of $4.4 million and net loss of $1.9 million
for the three months ended March 31, 2016, an increase of $2.4 million, or 118%,
as compared to the same period in 2015. During the three months ended March 31,
2016, the Company recognized a net loss of $1.9 million, as compared to a net
loss of $0.2 million for the same period in 2015. Excluding the one-time $2.1
million additional interest in connection with the Bridge Loan, the Company's
net income was $0.2 million for the three months ended March 31, 2016.

For the three months ended March 31, 2016, the average annual cash rent for the
entire portfolio increased to $193 per acre from $192 per acre for the same
period in 2015.

Conference Call Information

The Company has scheduled a conference call on Tuesday, May 10, 2016 at 11:00
a.m. (Eastern Time) to discuss its financial results for the first quarter ended
March 31, 2016 and provide a company update. The conference call can be accessed
live over the phone toll-free by dialing (866) 262-6804, or for international
callers, by dialing (412) 902-4107. Participants can reference the Farmland
Partners Inc. First Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. The conference call will also be
available via a live listen-only webcast and can be accessed through the
Investor Relations section of the Company's website, www.farmlandpartners.com. A
replay of the conference call will be available beginning May 10, 2016 at 1:00
p.m. (Eastern Time) until May 24, 2016 at 11:59 p.m. (Eastern Time), by dialing
(877) 344-7529 (U.S.) or (412) 317-0088 (International); passcode: 10085771. A
replay of the webcast will also be accessible on the Investor Relations website
for one year following the event.

Source: Farmland Partners

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             113 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                            August 4, 2005 Thursday

Today in Local History - 1916

SECTION: WHAT'S NEWS; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 178 words


AZTEC INDEPENDENT

August 4, 1916

Farm Loan Act

[cut: System for Lending Money on Farm Lands at Reasonable Interest for
Relatively Long Periods]

The Federal farm loan act, popularly called the "Rural credits law," was signed
by the President the [sic] became a law on July 17, 1916.

The primary purpose of this act is to promote agriculture prosperity by enabling
farmers to borrow money on farm-mortgage security at a reasonable rate of
interest and for relative long periods of time. To attain this object, two farm
-mortgage systems are provided: (1) A system operating through regional land
banks, and (2) a system operating through joint-stock land banks.

To attract money to the farm-loan field the act provides a method whereby those
who have money to lend can find safe investment in the form of debentures or
bonds, of small and large denominations, issued by the banks and based on the
security of mortgages on farm lands.

These two systems are to be under the general supervision of a Federal Farm Loan
Board in the Treasury Department. ...

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2005 The Daily Times (Farmington, NM)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             114 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     The Prairie Post (White City, Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 18, 2010

Deadline for FSA emergency disaster loan applications

BYLINE: The Prairie Post staff

LENGTH: 415  words


The expiration dates for filing applications for Emergency Disaster (EM) loans
by farmers and ranchers in Chase, Greenwood, Lyon, Marion, Morris, Wabaunsee and
Woodson Counties are February 25, 2010, for those needing farm credit as a
result of severe storm's, flooding, winds and tornadoes from April 14-May 16,
2009; and February 24, 2010, for those needing farm credit as a result of severe
winter storm with snow from March 26-29, 2009, and who think they are eligible
for FSA assistance. They should make their applications at the FSA County
Office, 3020 W. 18th Avenue, Emporia, KS 66801, before the expiration date.

According to Jane Armitage, Farm Loan Manager, for the FSA, "Loans covering
physical and/or production losses may be made at 3.75 percent interest rate, and
are scheduled for repayment as rapidly as feasible, consistent with the
applicant's reasonable ability to pay.

FSA's Farm Loan Programs staff is committed to new and existing customers, FSA
customer goals and our rural communities. FSA's service extends beyond the
typical loan, offering FSA customers ongoing consultation, advice and creative
ways to make your farm business thrive. At the FSA, they want to be your lender
of first opportunity to overcome these adverse weather conditions and rebuild
your operation to get back on track. FSA's loan staff can refer customers to
other public and commercial financing sources that can serve as a blend with
FSA's farm loan programs.

FSA loans covering physical losses may be used to replace installations,
equipment, livestock, or buildings (including homes), lost through this
disaster.

FSA loans covering production losses may be used to buy feed, seed, fertilizer,
livestock, or to make payments on real estate and chattel debts; they can also
be used for other essential operating and living expenses.

To be eligible for an emergency disaster loan, an applicant must be operating a
family size farm or ranch, must be unable to get credit elsewhere, and must have
suffered a qualifying physicu and/or production loss from the disaster.

Farmers who suffered at least a 30 percent reduction to at least one cropping
enterprise, may have a qualifying production loss. Emergency disaster production
loss loans cover 100 percent of qualifying losses.

Farmers and ranchers that think they may be eligible should contact the FSA
County Office in Emporia, or call 620-343-6944 for additional information and
how to apply. USDA is an equal opportunity employer and provider.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TPP

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2010 The Prairie Post


                             115 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     Western Kansas World (Wakeeny, Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 11, 2010

Deadline for FSA Emergency Disaster Loan Applications

BYLINE: Western Kansas World staff

LENGTH: 395  words


The expiration date for filing applications for Emergency Disaster (EM) loans by
farmers and ranchers in Graham, Sheridan, Rooks and Trego Counties is November
9, 2010,, according to Randal Thiel, Farm Loan Manager, for the Farm Service
Agency (FSA).

Those needing farm credit as a result of severe winter storms and snowstorms on
December 22, 2009 to January 8, 2010, and who think they are eligible for FSA
assistance, should make their applications at the FSA County Office, 100 N. 12th
Avenue, Hill City, Kansas, before the expiration date.

Loans covering physical and/or production losses may be made at 3.75 percent
interest rate, and are scheduled for repayment as rapidly as feasible,
consistent with the applicant's reasonable ability to pay.

FSA's Farm Loan Programs staff is committed to new and existing customers, FSA
customer goals and our rural communities. FSA's service extends beyond the
typical loan, offering FSA customers ongoing consultation, advice and creative
ways to make your farm business thrive. At the Farm Service Agency, we want to
be your lender of first opportunity to overcome these adverse weather conditions
and rebuild your operation to get back on track. FSA's loan staff can refer
customers to other public and commercial financing sources that can serve as a
blend with FSA's farm loan programs.

FSA loans covering physical losses may be used to replace installations,
equipment, livestock, or buildings (including homes), lost through this
disaster.

FSA loans covering production losses may be used to buy feed, seed, fertilizer,
livestock, or to make payments on real estate and chattel debts. Funds can also
be used for other essential operating and living expenses.

To be eligible for an emergency disaster loan, an applicant must be operating a
family size farm or ranch, must be unable to get credit elsewhere, and must have
suffered a qualifying physical and/or production loss from the disaster.

Farmers who suffered at least a 30 percent reduction to at least one cropping
enterprise, may have a qualifying production loss. Emergency disaster production
loss loans cover 100 percent of qualifying losses.

Farmers and ranchers that think they may eligible should contact the FSA County
Office in Hill City, Kansas or call 785-421-2115 for additional information and
how to apply. USDA is an equal opportunity employer and provider.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WKW

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2010 Western Kansas World


                             116 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                 Bank of Geneva

                          215 East Line St PO Box 278
                               Geneva,  IN 46740
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (260) 368-7288
FAX: (260) 368-9482
URL: www.bankofgeneva.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 175

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   The Bank of Geneva designs our agricultural products and services to serve
you. Easy and simple to use, without complicated "product bundles" to figure out
and manage. Our low competitive rates will save you and your farm time and
money.  From operating lines of credit to agricultural loans, we can create a
low cost loan for your specific business needs.  With over 125 years of
community banking and a determination to stay a community bank, we offer you the
stability that assures you we will be your bank for the life of your loan.  We
offer the following products & services to meet your business needs:   Ag Loan
Products:   Ag Crop Loans Farm Equipment Loans Farm Operating Loans Livestock
Loans Line of Credit. We can help meet your cash flow needs through a line of
credit structured according to the requirements of your farm.  Apply today -
Contact one of our experienced loan officers and get cash flowing to start or
operate your farm!  The Bank of Geneva is an equal housing lender.  The Bank of
Geneva will not contact you to request your confidential customer information.
Please call the bank immediately should anyone contact you with such a request.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 7,500,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             117 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     Western Kansas World (Wakeeny, Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 7, 2011

Emergency Loans Available From FSA

BYLINE: Western Kansas World staff

LENGTH: 330  words


"Farmers in Ellis, Graham, Rooks, Sheridan and Trego Counties, who suffered crop
or livestock losses due to drought, excessive heat and high winds occurring
January 1, 2011 and continuing may now apply for Farm Service Agency (FSA)
emergency loans," FSA Farm Loan Manager, RANDAL R. THIEL, said today.

Applications for assistance will be accepted by FSA until February 23, 2012.

Loans covering physical and/or production losses may be made at a 3.75 percent
interest rate, and are scheduled for repayment as rapidly as feasible,
consistent with the applicant's reasonable ability to pay.

FSA's Farm Loan Programs staff is committed to new and existing customers, FSA
customer goals and our rural communities. FSA's service extends beyond the
typical loan, offering FSA customers ongoing consultation, advice and creative
ways to make your farm business thrive. At the Farm Service Agency, we want to
be your lender of first opportunity to overcome these adverse weather conditions
and rebuild your operation to get back on track. FSA's loan staff can refer
customers to other public and commercial financing sources that can serve as a
blend with FSA's farm loan programs.

FSA loans covering physical losses may be used to replace installations,
equipment, livestock, or buildings (including homes), lost through this
disaster.

FSA loans covering production losses may be used to buy feed, seed, fertilizer,
livestock, or to make payments on real estate and chattel debts. Funds can also
be used for other essential operating and living expenses.

To be eligible for an emergency disaster loan, an applicant must be operating a
family size farm or ranch, must be unable to get credit elsewhere, and must have
suffered a qualifying physical and/or production loss from the disaster.

Farmers who suffered at least a 30 percent reduction to at least one cropping
enterprise, may have a qualifying production loss. Emergency disaster production
loss loans cover 100 percent of qualifying losses.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WKW

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2011 Western Kansas World


                             118 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD.)

                          December 11, 1999, Saturday

Bank of America Down on the Farm

SECTION: Pg. 6Asum

LENGTH: 261 words


The U.S. Farm Service Agency has named the Bank of America a preferred lender,
citing the bank's participation in a program designed to help farmers who do not
meet conventional agricultural credit criteria.  Under the program, the farm
agency will guarantee as much as 90 percent of agriculture loans made to
farmers. The guarantee limit to any single family-owned farm or operating entity
is $ 700,000. Loans may be structured as term debt or lines of credit.     Bank
of America has trained agricultural credit specialists and community development
lenders to support the program.     Preferred lender status has been awarded in
each of the 21 Bank of America retail states, as well as in the District of
Columbia.     Banks are granted preferred status after meeting certain
eligibility requirements, which include loan volume and a low loss rate on
agricultural loans. They also must have designated and qualified agricultural
loan professionals.     The Farm Service Agency supports American farmers
through commodity programs, farmer operating and emergency loans, conservation,
domestic and overseas food assistance and disaster programs that improve the
economic stability of agriculture and the environment.     These programs help
farmers produce an adequate food supply, assist farmers to compete for export
sales of commodities in the world marketplace and keep consumer prices
reasonable while caring for the environment and natural resources.     Bank of
America's agribusiness commitments were $ 16 billion as of Sept. 30.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 The Daily Record Co.


                             119 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                             July 26, 2014 Saturday

Farm briefs: New Glenn dairy adviser, farm bill changes

BYLINE: Chico Enterprise-Record

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 540 words


KARLE IS GLENN DAIRY ADVISER &GT;&GT; Betsy Karle has joined the University of
California Cooperative Extension as its new dairy adviser and county director.

Karle served as the dairy program representative for Cooperative Extension in
Glenn and Tehama counties from 2007-2011, and was most recently a junior
specialist for UC Davis Department of Plant Sciences. She developed website
material for the Microbial Water Quality Information Center and was a
representative focusing on pharmaceutical use on dairies for the UC Davis
Department of Animal Science.

She was also the state winner of the California Farm Bureau Young Farmers and
Ranchers Excellence in Agriculture Award in 2012 and is president of the North
Valley Chapter of the California Women for Agriculture.

She lives in Orland with her husband and two children.

NEW FRIDAY MARKET HOURS &GT;&GT; The Chapmantown Friday Farmers Market has new
summer hours through September. The market is at Community Park, 1010 Cleveland
Ave., in Chico and the hours are 3-7 p.m.

SIERRA ORO FARM TRAIL &GT;&GT; The Sierra Oro Farm Trail Passport Weekend will
be held Oct. 11 and 12. The popular ag tourism event includes special events by
farms and wineries that welcome visitors. Tickets go on sale Sept. 2, but event
organizers get the word out earlier so people can make arrangements for friends
visiting from out of town.

On the Internet: www.sierraoro.org

FARM SERVICES ELECTIONS&GT;&GT; Committee members for local Farm Services
agencies will be elected soon, and nominations are being taken through Aug. 1.

Nomination forms are available online: http://goo.gl/rRJfOP

FARM SERVICES APPOINTMENTS &GT;&GT; With a new Farm Bill, it is anticipated
growers will want help making decisions to ensure best use of available
programs. Farm Service agencies are recommending people make appointments, and
ask what documents they will need for review.

In Butte County, call 534-0112; Glenn County, 934-4601; and Tehama County,
527-3013.

FARM BILL CHANGES &GT;&GT; Some of the changes in the newest Farm bill include
raised loan limits and help for new and socially disadvantaged producers, a
press release from the Farm Services Agency states.

Highlights included in the release are:

Elimination of the 15 year term limit for guaranteed operating loans.

Modification of the definition of beginning farmer, using the average farm size
for the county as a qualifier instead of the median farm size.

Modification of the Joint Financing Direct Farm Ownership Interest Rate to 2
percent less than regular Direct Farm Ownership rate, with a floor of 2.5
percent. Previously, the rate was established at 5 percent.

Increase of the maximum loan amount for Direct Farm Ownership Down Payment Loan
Program from $225,000 to $300,000.

Elimination of rural residency requirement for youth loans, allowing urban youth
to benefit.

Debt forgiveness on youth loans, which will not prevent borrowers from obtaining
additional loans from the federal government.

Increase of the guaranteed percentage on conservation loans from 75 to 80
percent and 90 percent for socially disadvantaged borrowers and beginning
farmers.

Microloans will not count toward direct operating loan term limits for veterans
and beginning farmers.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sorghum grows along Highway 113 last spring, looking toward mountains
in the west.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             120 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



             The Wabaunsee County Signal-Enterprise (Alma, Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 30, 2015

Emergency Loans Available From Farm Service Agency (FSA)

BYLINE: The Wabaunsee County Signal-Enterprise staff

LENGTH: 474  words


"Farmers in Chase, Greenwood, Lyon, Marion, Morris, and Wabaunsee Counties who
suffered crop or livestock losses due to severe storms, tornadoes, straight-line
winds and flooding occurring May 4, 2015 -- June 16, 2015 may now apply for Farm
Service Agency (FSA) emergency loans," FSA Farm Loan Manager Eric Guenther, said
today.

Woodson County also became eligible under existing legislation which provides
that farmers in counties bordering on those which have been designated for
disaster assistance, may also qualify for such assistance. Applications for
assistance will be accepted by FSA until March 16, 2016.

"Loans covering physical and/or production losses are scheduled for repayment as
rapidly as feasible, consistent with the applicant's reasonable ability to pay,"
said Guenther. The current interest rate is 4.875 percent but is subject to
monthly changes until the loan is approved.

FSA's Farm Loan Programs staff is committed to new and existing customers, FSA
customer goals and our rural communities. FSA's service extends beyond the
typical loan, offering FSA customers ongoing consultation, advice and creative
ways to make your farm business thrive. At the Farm Service Agency, we want to
be your lender of first opportunity to overcome these adverse weather conditions
and rebuild your operation to get back on track. FSA's loan staff can refer
customers to other public and commercial financing sources that can serve as a
blend with FSA's farm loan programs.

FSA loans covering physical losses may be used to replace installations,
equipment, livestock, or buildings (including homes), lost through this
disaster. FSA loans covering production losses may be used to buy feed, seed,
fertilizer, livestock, or to make payments on real estate and chattel debts.
"Funds can also be used for other essential operating and living expenses,"
Guenther said.

To be eligible for an emergency disaster loan, an applicant must be operating a
family size farm or ranch, must be unable to get credit elsewhere, and must have
suffered a qualifying physical and/or production loss from the disaster.

Farmers who suffered at least a 30 percent reduction to at least one cropping
enterprise, may have a qualifying production loss. Emergency disaster production
loss loans cover 100 percent of qualifying losses.

Farmers and ranchers that think they may eligible should contact the FSA County
Office in Emporia, Kansas or call 620-343-2813 for additional information and
how to apply. USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer. To fde a
complaint of discrimination, write: USDA, Office of the Assistant Secretary for
Civil Rights, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Ave., SW, Washington, DC
20250-9410 or call (866) 632-9992 (Toll-free Customer Service), (800) 877-8339
(Local or Federal relay), (866) 377-8642 (Relay voice users).

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WAB

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
             Copyright 2015 The Wabaunsee County Signal-Enterprise


                             121 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 March 5, 1990

Ausman Nominated to Head FmHA

SECTION: Pg. 22

LENGTH: 926 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The administrator of an agency should execute faithfully any legislative mandate
that is enacted through Congress, even if the Administration is unhappy with
parts of the law, La Verne Ausman told the Senate Agriculture Committee this
week.

The question of faithful execution is an important one because Mr. Ausman is the
Administration's choice to head the Farmers Home Administration.

Congress and the Administration are at odds over FmHA priorities.

"I came out of the legislative side.  I respect the system.  I respect how it
works," said Mr. Ausman, who worked for Rep. Steve Gunderson in 1981 and served
in the Wisconsin legislature from 1974 to 1978.

Sen. Kent Conrad, D., N.D., chairman of the subcommittee on agricultural credit
and a proponent of direct FmHA lending, questioned Mr. Ausman about the
Administration's proposal to phase out direct FmHA lending in favor of
guaranteed loans made through commercial lenders.

Mr. Ausman replied that he supports the transition to guaranteed lending, though
he did not rule out Administration support for continuing the direct lending
program.

He noted that the Administration included funds for direct lending in its 1991
budget proposal.

Sen. Conrad said the Administration proposal included only about half as much
money for direct lending as will be spent this year.

Mr. Conrad said that requiring FmHA borrowers to graduate to unsubsidized
commercial credit within a specified number of years could force some farmers
off the land.

He said that if borrowers had faced an FmHA time limit during the farm crisis
and drought years of the 1980s, many may have lost their farms because they
lacked access to commercial credit at terms they could afford.

"We might have issued them an economic death sentence.  Agriculture in our
history has never been able to sustain a prolonged period of high interest
rates.  And we have now been through a decade of record high real interest
rates," Mr. Conrad said, adding that borrowers would not have built up a great
deal of equity before they would be required to make the transition to
commercial borrowing.

Mr. Ausman said that legislative action could be taken, through disaster
legislation or new credit legislation, if it appears that the graduation to
commercial credit cannot be accomplished by a large segment of borrowers during
the time allotted for reasons beyond their control.

Mr. Ausman said that leaving existing borrowers in the FmHA system indefinitely
reduces the pool of FmHA credit available to new or beginning farmers.

An improving agricultural economy and better loan supervision should facilitate
the graduation of FmHA borrowers to guaranteed loans and the transition of
guaranteed borrowers to commercial credit, he said.

He recommended that FmHA policies be targeted to farmers in the greatest need of
credit assistance.

He said the decrease in farm values and income in the early 1980s required
lending standards that will not be needed during the long run.

"We ought not to be or develop into a major lender to a broad cross section," he
said.

He acknowledged that drought and adjustments in the agricultural economy during
the 1980s had hindered the transition to guaranteed borrowing.

Currently most guaranteed loans have been provided to borrowers who were
previously receiving commercial credit.

He said a trend toward greater participation in guaranteed lending is
developing.

Sen. Conrad cited a report from the Office of the Inspector General concluding
that the guaranteed loan program is susceptible to lender abuses in its present
form.

The report recommended requiring lenders to serve a certain number of borrowers
making the transition from direct FmHA to guaranteed loans before approving a
lender's request to move an existing commercial borrower into the guarantee
program.

Mr. Ausman said requirements placed on individual lenders may not be workable
because of different economic circumstances faced in different regions of the
country.

Mr. Ausman said the FmHA is making changes that will provide a greater incentive
for commercial lenders to make guaranteed loans.

Under the Administration plan, lenders will no longer have to match the interest
rate buydown in order for a loan to receive interest rate assistance.

The nomination comes at the heels of a General Accounting Office report on FmHA
lending that points to weaknesses in the use of loan guarantees to serve new
borrowers.

The GAO found that in 1988, 30% of FmHA farm loans were used to refinance
existing debt.

Direct and guaranteed farm loan funds totaled $ 2.2 billion in 1988.

In the direct farm ownership loan program, 43% of the loans were used to
refinance debt.

Eight percent of the direct farm operating funds were earmarked for refinancing
debt.

Guaranteed loans were used primarily to help existing commercial borrowers
refinance debt in 1988, the GAO concluded.

Sixty-nine percent of the guaranteed farm ownership funds and 55% of the
guaranteed farm operating funds were used for refinancing existing debt, the GAO
estimated.

When direct and guaranteed farm ownership funds are combined, 63% of the funds
were used to refinance existing debt.

Twenty one percent of the combined direct and guaranteed farm operating funds
were used to refinance existing debt.

While Mr. Ausman and Sen. Conrad shared differing philosophies about what the
FmHA's lending priorities should be, he senator said that reasonable people
differ over the issue.

He said the confirmation process would be expedited.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, La Verne Ausman, left, nominee for the Farmers Home
Administration, testifies before the Senate Committee on Agriculture.  Shown on
the right is Sen. Robert Kasten, R., Wis.

                   Copyright 1990 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             122 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   The Blair Press (Blair-Taylor, Wisconsin)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 31, 2013

New microloans expand farmers finance options

BYLINE: The Blair Press-Taylor staff

LENGTH: 373  words


WHITEHALL - New and beginning farmers and ranchers in Wisconsin now have an
agricultural Microloan credit option to consider. As of January 15, 2013, the
U.S. Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency (FSA) will offer its
customers a Microloan designed to help farmers and ranchers with credit needs of
$35,000 or less. The loan features a streamlined application and a simplified
qualification process built to fit the needs of new and smaller producers.

"This innovative offering will be more customer-friendly than our larger, more
traditional loan programs," said Jim Hannula, Trempealeau County Director. "
Farms and ranches seeking a smaller loan for start-up or operational needs now
have a great new tool to consider."

"For those selling at Farmers' Markets or through community-supported
agriculture operations (CSAs), a Microloan might serve their needs perfectly,"
Hannula continued. "And the reduced paperwork associated with the new Microloan
will help expedite the process for everyone."

In 2012, the Farm Service Agency provided $389.9 million in farm loan assistance
to agricultural producers of all sizes in Wisconsin. That year, operating loans
accounted for the majority of the loans extended (1,286 operating loans), while
farm ownership loans were fewer (498 ownership loans). In 2012, emergency loans
were written for three producers in Wisconsin recovering from natural disasters.

"The interest rate of 1.25 percent on the new FSA Microloan is also a great
benefit for fanners and ranchers who are just starting out, in need of capital
and on a tight budget," according to Han nula. "Producers in every Wis consin
county can contact their nearest FSA office for details and to determine if they
qualify for a Microloan. The Microloan term can be up to seven years."

In response to tighter financial markets, the USD A has expanded the
availability of farm credit, helping farmers refinance loans across the U.S.
Since 2009. The USDA has provided more than 128,000 loans to family farmers
totaling more than $18 billion. Over 50 percent of the loans went to beginning
and socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers.

For more information on Microloans and other FSA programs, please contact your
local USDA service center.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BLP

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2013 The Blair Press Taylor


                             123 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Esperance Express

                                October 2, 2014

Drought loans for Esperance farmers

BYLINE: MOLLY BAXTER

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 628  words


WESTERN Australian farmers can now apply for an Australian Government drought
concessional loan.

Minister for Agriculture Barnaby Joyce and his WA counterpart Ken Baston, last
week said ensuring farmers in Western Australia had access to these loans was a
priority.

There are $20 million in drought concessional loans available for WA farmers, Mr
Joyce said.

"I am pleased eligible WA farmers will be able to apply for these loans," he
said.

"Drought concessional loans of up to $1 million or up to 50 per cent of eligible
debt, whichever is lower, will be available to eligible farm businesses at an
initial rate of 4 per cent for a five year period."

To be eligible for drought concessional loans, a WA farm business must be
experiencing a one-in-20 year drought event, or a one-in-10 year drought event
which has caused significant financial impact.

Applicants must submit a valid Bureau of Meteorology Rainfall Deficiency Report
as part of their applications.

The loans cover:

Debt restructuring: Applicants can use the concessional loan to restructure a
proportion of their existing eligible debt at a lower interest rate.

Operating expenses: Applicants can use the concessional loan to fund operating
expenses that are necessary to continue the normal operations of the farm
business.

Drought recovery and preparedness activities: Applicants can use loan funds to
contribute to the cost of activities to recover from and prepare for future
drought.

The drought concessional loans are in addition to other forms of federal support
available to WA farmers, such as Farm Finance concessional loans, Farm Household
Allowance as well as rural financial counselling services.

Mr Baston said the Rural Business Development Corporation was geared up to
deliver the loans.

"Drought concessional loans will allow eligible farm businesses to restructure
their existing debt at a lower interest rate and provide finance to meet their
ongoing business running costs and drought recovery and preparedness
activities," he said.

"The loans are for a term of five years over which interest-only payments are
required.

"At the end of the loan period, farmers will have the option of refinancing the
remaining amount with a commercial lender, or repaying the loan in full."

Member for Eyre Graham Jacobs was pleased with the announcement.

"I have been lobbying for the state government to come to the party and offer
our struggling drought-affected farmers something which would help with debt
restructuring," he said.

"Although I think this should go hand-in-hand with our current Farm Concessional
Loans, drought assistance recognises the necessity for loans to help in
reconstructing debt which of course farm concessional loans do not.

"I have been advocating for a long time that farm concessional loans were not
enough, and a farm which is struggling does not need productivity enhancements,
they need good affordable debt restructuring to get them through the hard
times."

He hoped it will alleviate some of the pressure.

"I know many farmers between Southern Cross and Merredin will be sighing with
relief," Dr Jacobs said.

"Banks have been knocking on their doors, and I hope this alleviates some of
that pressure."

Member for Mining and Pastoral Dave Grills wishes the loans were rolled out
earlier but encourages farm owners to apply.

"Farm businesses are being strongly encouraged not to self-assess their
eligibility and instead make sure they contact the Rural Business Development
Corporation to find out more about what is required," he said.

More information on the loans is available from agric.wa.gov.au or by phoning
1800 198 231.

What do you think of the drought loans? Do you think they should have been
offered earlier? Let us know. Comment below or email
molly.baxter@fairfaxmedia.com.au

LOAD-DATE: October 03, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             124 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Winthrop News (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 24, 2014

USDA notifies producers on acreage history and yields

BYLINE: Winthrop News staff

LENGTH: 528  words


Written notifications from USDA are underway to farmers that provide updates on
their current base acres, yields and 2009-2012 planting history.

Please cross check the letter from USDA with your farm records. If the
information is correct, no further action is needed at this time, but if our
letter is incomplete or incorrect, contact your local FSA office as soon as
possible.

Verifying the accuracy of data on a farm's acreage history is a required early
step for enrolling in the upcoming Agriculture Risk Coverage (ARC) program and
the Price Loss Coverage (PLC) program. Farmers and ranchers can update their
crop yield information and reallocate base acres.

By mid-winter all producers on a farm will be required to make a one-time,
unanimous and irrevocable election between price protection and county revenue
protection or individual revenue protection for 2014-2018 crop years. Producers
can expect to sign contracts for ARC or PLC for the 2014 and 2015 crop years in
the spring of 2015.

Covered commodities include barley, canola, large and small chickpeas, corn,
crambe, flaxseed, grain sorghum, lentils, mustard seed, oats, peanuts, dry peas,
rapeseed, long grain rice, medium grain rice (includes short grain rice and
temperate japonica rice), safflower seed, sesame, soybeans, sunflower seed, and
wheat. Upland cotton is no longer a covered commodity.

Visit www.fsa.usda.gov or the local FSA office for information about FSA and the
2014 Farm Bill programs.

New Farm Bill offers increased opportunities for producers

The 2014 Farm Bill offers increased opportunities for producers including farm
loan program modifications that create flexibility for new and existing farmers.

The Farm Bill expands lending opportunities for thousands of farmers and
ranchers to begin and continue operations, including greater flexibility in
determining eligibility, raising loan limits, and emphasizing beginning and
socially disadvantaged producers.

Changes that will take effect immediately include:

Elimination of the 15 year term limit for guaranteed operating loans.

Modification of the definition of beginning farmer, using the average farm size
for the county as a qualifier instead of the median farm size.

Modification of the Joint Financing Direct Farm Ownership Interest Rate to 2
percent less than regular Direct Farm Ownership rate, with a floor of 2.5
percent. Previously, the rate was established at 5 percent.

Increase of the maximum loan amount for Direct Farm Ownership Down Payment Loan
Program from $225,000 to $300,000.

Elimination of rural residency requirement for Youth Loans, allowing urban youth
to benefit.

Debt forgiveness on Youth Loans, which will not prevent borrowers from obtaining
additional loans from the federal government.

Increase of the guaranteed percentage on Conservation Loans from 75 to 80
percent and 90 percent for socially disadvantaged borrowers and beginning
farmers.

Microloans will not count toward direct operating loan term limits for veterans
and beginning farmers.

Additional modifications must be implemented through the rulemaking processes.
Visit the FSA Farm Bill website for detailed information and updates to farm
loan programs.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WTH

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2014 Winthrop News


                             125 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 April 27, 1992

New Farmers May Get Break From Bills Pending in House

BYLINE: By TED CORNWELL

SECTION: FARM AND RURAL MORTGAGES; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 680 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Uncle Sam may help beginning farmers to purchase a farm or ranch under
legislation being considered by Congress as it returns from the Easter recess.

Several members of the House Agriculture Committee have stepped up efforts to
help beginning farmers by offering tax credits and guaranteed interest-assisted
loans.

Rep. Glenn English, D., Okla. and Rep. Tim Penny, D., Minn. have introduced
legislation that would increase the availability of subsidized farm purchase and
farm operating loans for beginning farmers.

The American Bankers Association has praised the proposal.

ABA had published a report that recommended such guarantees and subsidies.

"America's farmer population is aging rapidly and steps like these will ensure
that a new generation of farmers and ranchers enters this vital industry," said
Jay Godwin, chairman of ABA's agricultural bankers division.

Commercial lenders would provide most of the credit with the help of guarantees
and credit enhancements from the Farmers Home Administration.

Under a farm purchase program, beginning farmers would be eligible for FmHA
"downpayment loans."

Farmers with 5-10 years experience would be eligible for a 10-years downpayment
loan not exceeding 30% of the farm's purchase price.

The loan would make it easier for beginning farmers to obtain financing for the
rest of the purchase.

The borrower would be required to contribute to the purchase of the farm in an
amount equal to 10% of the farm's price.

The bill also establishes a farm operating loan program for beginning farmers
who have five years or less experience in farming.

For up to ten years, beginners would be eligible for a targeted FmHA program.

For the first four years, borrowers could receive 100% loan guarantees with a
rate subsidy.

During the subsequent four years, borrowers would receive loans with a 90%
guarantee and interest subsidies if needed and in the last two years, they could
only received the 90% loan guarantee without interest subsidies.

Rep. English has said that FmHA should be directed to divert a portion of the
funding for the existing FmHA direct loan and loan guarantee programs to fund
beginning farmers.

The legislation also would require FmHA to speed up the processing of
applications for FmHA loans and loan guarantees.

Also, Rep. E. Kika de la Garza, D., Tex., chairman of the house Agriculture
Committee, has introduced legislation that would provide a tax credit to
beginning farmers.

"Today the capital investment required to begin a viable farming operation is
quite high.  Increasingly, these financial obstacles are putting farming out of
the reach of many young people.

"As our nation's farming population ages, there's growing concern out in rural
America over whether the next generation can afford to farm the land." Rep. de
la Garza said in a statement introducing his legislation.

His will would provide beginning farmers with a tax credit of 10% of the cost of
purchasing farmland and depreciating farm equipment.

The farmland credit would be limited to $ 35,000; the equipment credit would be
capped at $ 15,000.

Last year, the Department of Agriculture reported that few young people are
entering farming on a full-time basis, Rep. de la Garza noted.  Entry of farmers
younger than 25 years old fell 50% in the 1980s.  Entry of farmers 25 to 34
years old, the most common age to enter the occupation, fell 30%.

Rep. de la Garza, urging that the House and Senate tax-writing committees
support his legislation, compared the plan to President Bush's proposed tax
credit for first-time homebuyers which is designed to stimulate economic
activity.

Despite widespread support for beginning farmer legislation, budget pressure is
likely to inhibit any new tax credit.

Under the 1990 budget agreement, any cost associated with the tax credits would
have to be offset by a new source of revenue.

The tax-writing committees of Congress have not responded to Rep. de la Garza's
proposal, and a congressional aide said it will be difficult to obtain the
backing of the committees.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             126 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Farmers' Silos Are Bulging, But Financially It's a Grim Harvest

                          November 14, 1985, Thursday

By RICHARD RINGER


The farmers got bumper crops. Their lenders got burdened credits.

Somehow, it just does not seem possible. But that is how it is these days in
farm lending. Farmers and lenders alike cannot expect the expected.

In normal times, a bumper crop would produce higher income for farmers, who
would then be better able to repay their debts. But this year, the bountiful
crop is lowering commodity prices, and thus income. So as farm lenders line up
for loan payments, they realize that not all of their cash-strapped
farmer-borrowers will be able to pay them back.

The year started off badly. Lenders, saddled with farm-loan losses in earlier
years, said they were going to have to be tightfisted. So farmers had to
scramble to line up operating loans from increasingly stingy creditors. But by
the time planting season got into full swing, fewer than 5% of the farmers were
denied operating loans. That was far less than projections of up to 15% of
farmers being denied credit.

Anxious to dig their way out of financial problems of the previous four years,
and with more borrowed money, the farmers returned to fence row-to-fence row
planting, which helped produce the bumper crops.

Lenders said they had little choice but to extend more credit. It was that or
force a large number of farmers into foreclosure. That tactic would have glutted
the depressed agricultural markets with even cheaper farm land and equipment and
threatened a rebellion by angry farmers pushed into foreclosure.  Bankers
understandably could not warm up to the idea of placard-carrying farmers
protesting in front of their banks.

The year is ending with matters even worse. Some farm-town banks that lent money
in the spring are on the brink of failure. Others already have been closed. The
Federal Deposit Insurance Corp., receiver of the failed banks, is left to
collect on many of the loans.

Even the Farm Credit System, the largest farm lender, is humbled by the mounting
financial problems. Following months of denials that the system was facing
enormous loan losses that threatened its solvency, Farm Credit officials finally
conceded that a federal bailout may be needed.

The crisis warning sounded, commercial banks and farmers intensified lobbying
efforts to assure that they be included in any rescue. And the farm financial
problems were much discussed this week as bankers gathered in Dallas for the
annual American Bankers Association agricultural bankers conference, which ends
today.

These statistics, published recently by the Federal Reserve, detail just how
serious the problems are:

* Farm loan delinquencies and chargeoffs. The delinquency rate on banks' farm
loans has increased. As of June 30, past due and nonperforming farm production
loans at all banks totaled $3.6 billion, or 9% of outstanding production loans.
That's up from $2.7 billion, or 6.6%, at June 30, 1984.

Nonaccrual farm loans accounted for much of the increase. At the end of June,
$2.9 billion in farm production loans were nonperforming, up from $2.1 billion
at the same time a year earlier.

Nonaccrual farm production loans increased despite rising farm loan chargeoffs.
In the first half of 1985, farm loan chargeoffs amounted to $520 million. In all
of 1984, chargeoffs equaled $900 million.

Predictably, the quality of loans at agricultural banks has been deteriorating
most rapidly in the Great Plains and the western corn belt states. Particularly
hard-hit is Iowa. Delinquency rates on farm production loans at Iowa banks rose
to 7.2% of total loans outstanding at the end of June, about a half-point higher
than the national average. A year earlier, the Iowa delinquency rates had been
about equal to the national averages at agricultural banks, and two years
earlier they had been slightly lower.

* Agricultural bank failures. ''More agricultural banks have been moving into
vulnerable positions,'' said Emanuel Melichar, senior economist in the economic
activity section of the Federal Reserve. ''Many of the agricultural banks that
have failed were earlier found among the banks at which delinquent loans
exceeded total capital. The generally upward trend in the number of agricultural
banks in that potentially vulnerable position suggests that failures of
agricultural banks may continue at recent higher levels.''

Through Oct. 21, 54 of the 94 banks that failed were agricultural banks, or 57%
of total bank failures. Farm loans at all of the failed banks through Oct. 21
amounted to $388 million, or 19% of total loans at those banks. In all of last
year, farm loans at the 78 failed banks amounted to $199 million, or 10% of
total loans at those banks.

SECTION: AGRICULTURAL LENDING; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 776 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                             127 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              May 5, 1998 Tuesday

BYLINE: Mark Hanson

LENGTH: 349 words


A bill signed by President Clinton Friday will provide funding for farmers in
the state, but that doesn't guarantee that every farmer will be able to find
money to get this spring's crops in the field. The bill contains $105 million
for farm operating loans, $70 million for direct operating loans and $35 million
in guaranteed subsidized loans for farmers throughout the United States. The
money is distributed through the Farm Service Agency.

The push for more money came because more farmers sought loans this year, mainly
because of last year's flood and poor crop production. North Dakota needs
another $10 million to $15 million for direct operating loans and $20 million in
guaranteed subsidized loans, said Arnie Meyer, ag credit director for the North
Dakota Farm Service Agency. The funding approved by Clinton will go into a
national pool and money will be awarded on a first-come, first-served basis. The
funding ""means good news. But we don't even have all the applications approved
yet,'' Meyer said. ""We're still getting an influx of applications.'' The FSA is
considered the last resort for farmers needing operating loans, but private
banks are becoming less willing to loan money to producers. That increased the
number seeking money from FSA. The other problem, caused mainly by last year's
poor production, is that producers have been unable to pay back previous
obligations, making it unlikely that they will receive money this year. The many
producers who have had loans approved but are still waiting for money should see
some cash soon, Meyer said. ""By the time it goes through all the steps and gets
to where we can order the checks for our customers, it's about 10 days,'' he
said. Rep. Earl Pomeroy, D-N.D., added, ""For some, the money means they'll get
the crop in, for some it means paying off credit cards.'' State FSA director
Scott Stofferahn said the funding ""will give us some confidence that if a
farmer has a loan approved subject to funding, we'll get to it. We still have a
lot more work. We're backlogged, but we're working through it as fast as we
can.''

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1998 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             128 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Ottawa Herald (Kansas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                               May 7, 2010 Friday

Farm damaged by winter storms? You may be eligible for emergency loan

BYLINE: The Ottawa Herald, Kan.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 343 words


May 7--Emergency loans are available for farmers in Franklin and surrounding
counties.

Farmers in Anderson, Coffey, Douglas, Franklin, Johnson, Linn, Miami, Osage and
Shawnee counties who suffered crop or livestock losses because of severe winter
storms and snowstorms Dec. 22 and Jan. 8 now can apply for Farm Service Agency
(FSA) emergency loans, FSA Farm Loan Manager Stacy L. Kull said in a news
release.

Applications for assistance will be accepted by FSA until Nov. 9.

FSA loans covering physical losses may be used to replace installations,
equipment, livestock or buildings, including homes, lost through this disaster,
Kull said.

FSA loans covering production losses may be used to buy feed, seed, fertilizer,
livestock or to make payments on real estate and chattel debts, she said.

"Loans covering physical and/or production losses may be made at a 3.75-percent
interest rate and are scheduled for repayment as rapidly as feasible, consistent
with the applicant's reasonable ability to pay," Kull said.

To be eligible for an emergency disaster loan, an applicant must be operating a
family size farm or ranch, must be unable to get credit elsewhere and must have
suffered a qualifying physical and/or production loss from the disaster.

"Funds can also be used for other essential operating and living expenses," Kull
said.

Farmers who suffered at least a 30-percent reduction to at least one cropping
enterprise may have a qualifying production loss.  Emergency disaster production
loss loans cover 100 percent of qualifying losses.

Farmers and ranchers who think they may eligible should contact the FSA county
office in Ottawa at (785) 242-3527.

To see more of The Ottawa Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.ottawaherald.com Copyright (c) 2010, The Ottawa Herald, Kan.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100507-IQ-Farm
-damaged-by-winter-storms-You-may-be-eligible-for-emergency-loan-0507

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IQ


                        Copyright 2010 The Ottawa Herald


                             129 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright (c) 1999 Drake University
                       Drake Journal of Agricultural Law

                                  Spring, 1999

                            4 Drake J. Agric. L. 215

LENGTH: 16325 words

ARTICLE: FINANCING THE AGRICULTURAL OPERATION: RECENT DEVELOPMENTS AND CURRENT
TRENDS

NAME: Susan A. Schneider*

BIO:



   * Assistant Professor of Law at the University of Arkansas School of Law in
Fayetteville, Arkansas 72701, (501) 575-4334.

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... This Article addresses current agricultural finance and credit issues. ...
A borrower whose loan is denied at one rural bank may have few other alternative
sources of credit. ... One potential source of alternative financing is with a
Farm Credit System (FCS) lender. ...  Although this may be true with regard to
the availability of credit, it may not be true with regard to the willingness of
a lender to restructure or otherwise "work with" a farm borrower experiencing
financial distress. ... Reversing this trend, Title VIII of the Omnibus
Appropriations Bill, entitled Agricultural Credit, makes a number of significant
amendments to current credit laws applicable to the FSA farm loan programs. ...
The new law provides that an emergency loan can be granted to a borrower who has
received "not more than one debt forgiveness" on or before April 4, 1996 and who
has not received debt forgiveness after April 4, 1996. ... Second, because the
product-seller has an independent relationship with the farmer, e.g., through
the sale of agricultural inputs or farm machinery, the seller may use this
relationship to encourage lending. ...

TEXT:
 [*216]

   I. Introduction


   This Article addresses current agricultural finance and credit issues. It is
divided into five sections. The first section discusses the increased importance
of capital to farming operations.  n1 The second section presents an overview of
the current farm finance situation.  n2 The third section introduces the
traditional sources of agricultural lending and provides an update on legal
issues affecting these lenders.  n3 The fourth section presents information on
several increasingly important new sources of agricultural financing,  n4 and
the final section offers some concluding thoughts on the future of farm finance.
n5


   II. Financing the Farm: The Capitalization of American Farming


   As American agriculture has evolved, the need for capital has risen
dramatically. Farmers are no longer simple "tillers of the soil," but must seek
significant amounts of capital to fund their operations. Agricultural economist
Thomas L. Frey and certified commercial lender Robert H. Behrens analyzed the
historical transition of agriculture in terms of three revolutions.  n6 Each
"revolution" has resulted in an agriculture that was more dependent upon capital
resources.


   First, there was the mechanical revolution, when the "four-legged, oat-eating
sources of power" were replaced by the "four-wheeled gas-and diesel-hogging
tractors and self-propelled combines."  n7 Equipment costs increased
dramatically, but so did yields.  n8


   Next, there was the technological revolution, bringing tremendous yield
advancements as a result of new hybrid seed varieties, chemical pest controls,
fertilizers, irrigation, and other technological changes.  n9 Whether a farmer
successfully coped with this revolution depended upon whether he or she was able
to "adopt the proper technologies in the right amounts and at the right time."
n10 Again, although production increased, input costs also increased.  n11

     [*217]

   According to Frey and Behrens, the third revolution reflects the present
time.  n12 Under this revolution, financial and business management
considerations take center stage in determining the success of the farming
operation.  n13 They described this "financial and management era" as one where
"[c]ash budgeting, sophisticated accounting systems, regular monitoring of
financial performance, much greater use of debt, leasing resources, utilization
of sophisticated business organization structures, and [utilizing] never-ending
developments in tax law" are essential elements of farm financial success.  n14
They noted that agricultural lenders in this era would "face a tremendous
challenge in financing an industry that is in transition from just a way of life
to a highly capitalized industry of sophisticated businesses."  n15


   While Frey and Behrens' analysis is a useful way to emphasize the importance
of business decision-making in agricultural operations, it is even more
intriguing when it is noted that this passage was written in 1981-just prior to
the beginning of a severe economic crisis in agriculture that resulted in a
surge of farm foreclosures and that rocked the agricultural lending community.
n16 Many farmers who had sought to embrace the third revolution and incorporated
a much greater use of debt in their operations found themselves going out of
business.  n17


   Thus, the analysis raises two important issues. First, it testifies to the
significance of astute business and management decision making for success in
today's farm operation. Few people, if any, would argue that wise business
decisions are not an essential factor for farm business success in modern
agriculture. Second, however, the Frey & Behrens' analysis also raises the
question that it failed to consider in 1981: when is the greater use of farm
debt and the greater capitalization of the agricultural operation a sign of
looming financial crisis? These two issues form an underlying theme for the more
practical consideration of recent changes in farm finance options.

     [*218]

   III. An Overview of the Current Farm Finance Situation


   According to the Economic Research Service (ERS) of the United States
Department of Agriculture (USDA), farm business debt has increased in eight of
the last nine years, including each of the last six years.  n18 The amount of
debt incurred by farmers went up from $ 155.5 billion in 1996 to $ 165.9 billion
in 1997; by the end of 1998, farm business debt is expected to total
approximately $ 172 billion.  n19 Farm borrowers have recently benefited from
increased credit availability and relative interest rate stability.  n20
Competition between lenders for "high-quality" farm loans has increased loan
availability and has made for generally favorable terms for these borrowers.
n21


   In general, this debt expansion has reflected a renewed confidence in the
farm economy on the part of both farm debtors and lenders. When farm business
debt increased in 1997, the ERS attributed it to "[c]ontinued economic growth,
relatively strong crop field prices and increased farm incomes in 1996."  n22
Evidencing this positive analysis, "[a]verage net worth of farm businesses
increased for the fourth consecutive year in 1997."  n23 Further debt expansion
in 1998 was attributed to "generally favorable income conditions in the farm
sector."  n24


   Unfortunately, "generally favorable income conditions" did not continue in
the farm sector in 1998. Disastrous weather conditions and/or crop disease in a
number of areas, a sharp decline in commodity prices, and reduced government
support have dramatically reduced 1998 farm income.  n25 ERS projections
forecast 1998 net farm income to be $ 45.7 billion.  n26 This amount is $ 4.1
billion less than net farm income for 1997 and $ 7.6 billion below 1996.  n27


   The impact of this decline in farm income is not yet known. Loan default and
related indicators of farm financial distress do not become immediately evident
[*219]  and are considered "lagging indicators of financial stress."  n28 Two
concerns are most apparent: whether the decrease in farm income will cause
farmers to be unable to service the debt that they have incurred and whether the
availability of credit will be adversely affected by lender concerns about the
farm economy.


   The ERS has made a cautious, but fairly positive projection regarding
farmers' debt repayment capability. In July 1998, it reported that
"[n]ationwide, farm operators' expanding use of credit is not expected to place
excessive demands on their ability to meet their debt obligations."  n29 In
September, when farm income forecasts were lowered, the ERS acknowledged that
"[l]ower income in 1998 could weaken the ability of farm businesses to meet debt
repayment obligations."  n30 However, the same publication also emphasized that
at least going into 1998, farm businesses were considered to be in a "favorable
financial situation" and that overall, farm balance sheets remained strong.  n31


   With regard to the continued availability of credit, in September, the ERS
made the following guarded assessment:


   [F]arm credit availability remained strong in the first half of 1998. Most
U.S. farmers continue to enjoy competitive credit markets and lower interest
rates. However, if the prices of major commodities remain weak, lenders will be
more cautious when lending to farmers in the coming months, particularly in
regions most dependent on commodities experiencing lower prices and poor
production.  n32


   With regard to both the overall financial condition of farmers and of farm
lenders, however, ERS generally emphasizes that the 1990s have been a good time
for agriculture and that profits in previous years should allow most losses in
1998 to be successfully managed.  n33 Although acknowledging that farmers have
invested heavily in capital assets in recent years and that some will
undoubtedly have difficulty servicing this debt, the ERS concludes that "most
farmers strong balance sheets will allow them to weather a temporary economic
downturn."  n34 Similarly, because the financial condition of farm lenders is
good, having reported strong profits in recent years, "lenders should be able to
weather a shortrun deterioration in farm credit quality."  n35

     [*220]

   Other sources have expressed greater concern, particularly with regard to
farm debt repayment ability.  n36 In May, 1998 the Wall Street Journal published
a front page article on the "stampede" of farmers getting out of farming in the
Northern Plains as a result of low prices, wheat scab, and declining government
payments.  n37 The Wall Street Journal published another analysis during mid-
summer 1998 stating that "[p]roblems are piling up for the U.S. farm economy."
n38 One Nebraska banker commented that "[t]his could be the worst time around
here in ten years."  n39 In October 1998, noted agricultural law professor Neil
D. Hamilton stated that "[f]ew could have predicted the depths of the current
financial crisis unfolding in agriculture, or the rapidity with which it has set
upon us during the fall of 1998. But as anyone who works in rural America knows,
the current farm crisis is real and may be severe."  n40


   In response to these concerns, when Congress and President Clinton reached
agreement on the omnibus appropriations bill in October 1998, a generous farm
relief package was included.  n41 This package contained a number of different
mechanisms for directing financial assistance to farmers.  n42 An additional $ 6
billion was appropriated for disaster and price relief.  n43 Although a
substantial portion of these funds may be available to farmers during 1998,
individual farmer's tax considerations, as well as the efficiency of the USDA in
distributing payments, will affect what income is received by farmers in 1998.
ERS estimates of 1998 farm income of $ 45.7 billion assumes that forty percent
($ 2.4 billion) of this assistance will be received in 1998.  n44


   While this appropriation from Congress was clearly a generous contribution to
the agricultural economy, much of the money is directed to crop farmers
participating in the "market transition" program. This provides little
assistance to livestock farmers who may also be nearing financial ruin. On
November 27, 1998, the Wall Street Journal reported:

     [*221]

   The hog market has collapsed, delivering another blow to a U.S. farm economy
already reeling from low grain prices.


   . . . [S]wine prices at the farm are at their lowest level in 27 years.


   . . . . Many hog farmers are losing thousands of dollars a week. Some
economists are predicting as many as one-fifth of the nation's 122,000 hog
farmers will quit the business by next summer.  n45


   Problems experienced in the hog industry reflect a central concern regarding
the current financial situation in agriculture. Whereas in previous times of
financial stress, either crop or livestock production income was affected,
recent problems cross into both areas, leaving even diversified operations in
distress.


   The full effect of the current farm income problems on debt repayment is not
immediately evident. The impact of these problems on future farm credit
availability will also not be known for some time. Nevertheless, it is apparent
that 1998 marks a clear shift away from the positive farm financial scenario
that produced the optimistic farm debt expansion of the previous years.


   IV. The Traditional Sources of Capital for Farming Operations


   For a number of years, four groups of institutional lenders have made up the
largest portion of business loans made to agricultural operations. These lender
groups are composed of the following: (1) the commercial banks, (2) Farm Credit
System lenders, (3) the Farm Service Agency, and (4) insurance companies. In
1997, these lenders held seventy-seven percent of outstanding agricultural
loans; the remaining twenty-three percent of loans were primarily from machinery
and input suppliers, cooperatives, processors, and individuals.  n46 Table 1
reflects the percentage of farm loans outstanding with each group in 1996 and
1997.

     [*222]  [SEE TABLE IN ORIGINAL]  n47


   Although there has not been any major shift in the position of these
agricultural lenders during the last few years, some significant trends have
been apparent. Moreover, with regard to the FSA, there have been some
significant legal changes affecting their loan making authorities. These trends
and changes are reflected in the following discussion of each major
institutional lender.


   A. Commercial Lenders


   According to a recent ERS report, commercial banks dominate most rural
financial markets and are "well positioned to provide financial support to rural
sectors of the economy."  n48 Bank profitability has been characterized as
"high," and the financial condition of rural banks considered to be
"particularly healthy going into 1996."  n49


   Looking specifically at loans to agricultural operations, commercial banks
provide the largest source of financing.  n50 The total volume of outstanding
farm loans by commercial banks reached $ 67.2 billion in 1997, up 8.9% from
1996.  n51 Surveys of rural banks in the first quarter of 1998 indicate
continued efforts by banks to expand farm lending.  n52


   Nevertheless, from the borrower's perspective, the availability of banking
alternatives in rural communities remains limited. Although the number of
competing banks within rural counties has remained "remarkably stable" over the
[*223]  past fifteen years,  n53 in 1994, twenty-seven percent of rural counties
were served by two or fewer banks.  n54 Forty percent of urban counties were
served by ten or more banks.  n55 Therefore, while rural banks may be
profitable, this may not translate into available and affordable credit for all
rural borrowers. From this perspective, "rural bank performance is often a
function of the degree of competition within the local financial markets in
which loan decisions are made."  n56 A borrower whose loan is denied at one
rural bank may have few other alternative sources of credit.  n57


   One potential source of alternative financing is with a Farm Credit System
(FCS) lender. Rural banks have generally viewed FCS lenders as their main rival
and competitor with regard to agricultural loans. ERS projections indicate that
banks will continue to compete aggressively with FCS for high quality farm
loans.  n58 Some have recently observed that this competition may have made
rural banks more vulnerable to a downturn in the farm economy. The Wall Street
Journal reported that farm banks had "relatively little liquidity for
emergencies because they have been lending much more of their deposits in order
to take market share" from FCS.  n59 Rural banks have allowed their average loan
-to-deposit ratio to climb to a record seventy percent from fifty-four percent a
decade ago.  n60 Because of this competition with regard to both farm and other
business loans, bank lending spreads for these high quality loans are expected
to remain narrow by industry standards.  n61


   Nationwide consolidation of the banking industry has dramatically affected
the ownership of rural commercial banks. In 1996, only about nine percent of
rural counties were served solely by local banking organizations.  n62 Banking
[*224]  mergers have continued since that time, so it is likely that this
percentage is now significantly lower.  n63 However, according to the ERS,
available evidence indicates that the availability of credit does not suffer as
a result of this change of ownership, or at least that "negative effects are
limited."  n64 Although this may be true with regard to the availability of
credit, it may not be true with regard to the willingness of a lender to
restructure or otherwise "work with" a farm borrower experiencing financial
distress.


   It is difficult at this time to predict the full impact and extent of 1998
farm financial problems. There is, however, much concern being expressed in the
commercial banking industry. The Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis recently
expressed this concern in a summary of the results of a survey of its district
banks.  n65 Bankers who responded to the survey "revealed the most pessimistic
outlook seen this decade."  n66 They reported that repayment rates were below
normal and that loan renewals and extensions were up as farmers held grain in
the hopes of higher future prices.  n67 The estimated proportion of borrowers at
their debt limits increased from twenty-seven percent to forty-one percent
overall; Montana and North Dakota farmers were in the worst condition with
sixty-three and forty-five percent respectively of farmers at their debt limit.
n68 Wisconsin farmers, buoyed by relatively strong milk prices and declining
feed costs, were the only state group to show improvement.  n69 In an analysis
"echoed by colleagues," a South Dakota banker reported that "[t]he current
pricing and near-term prices for crops and livestock are extremely serious. If
our agricultural borrowers are not able to get better prices, they will not be
able to survive their debtor make purchases to stimulate the economy."  n70

     [*225]

   B. The Farm Credit System


   The Farm Credit System (FCS) is a network of federally-chartered,
borrower-owned cooperatives that was specifically created to provide a
competitive source of agricultural credit.  n71 FCS now holds the second largest
portfolio of outstanding agricultural loans. At the end of 1997, FCS held $ 42.6
billion in farm business loans, up 6.9% from 1996.  n72 FCS farm business debt
is forecast to increase about 3.5% in 1998.  n73


   The FCS has effectively rebuilt its farm loan portfolio after the near
disastrous results of the farm financial crisis of the 1980s. The FCS farm loan
portfolio dropped forty-five percent from a high point in 1982 to its low point
in 1993.  n74 In contrast, the FCS has gained loan market share in each of the
past three years.  n75 The ERS recently concluded that the FCS was "well
positioned to supply farmers' future needs."  n76 Its access to national money
markets and the resulting ability to provide credit at competitive rates makes
it an attractive alternative to commercial banks. Summarizing its analysis, the
ERS concluded that "[t]he system has demonstrated financial strength in recent
years while undergoing massive restructuring of its organization and procedures.
In an effort to enhance loan quality and expand market share, the FCS is
offering farm customers competitive interest rates and credit arrangements."
n77


   As with the analysis of commercial banks, however, this positive scenario is
directed to the availability of agricultural credit. Two caveats are
appropriate. First, projections to date do not reflect concerns with the
downturn in the  [*226]  agricultural economy. "Lagging indicators of financial
distress" have not yet had an impact on farm credit availability.  n78


   Second, credit availability is a different measure of the farm financial
situation than is loan servicing availability. While the FCS's access to the
secondary loan market has enhanced credit availability and in some cases, loan
terms, it has also sacrificed numerous borrower's rights provisions that
previously protected borrowers who experienced financial distress. Recent
legislation provides that if a loan is designated for the secondary market upon
its making, and if it is sold unto that market, the majority of the usual FCS
borrower protection provisions do not apply. Protections that are lost include
the right to debt restructuring consideration upon default and the right of
first refusal to repurchase property lost to foreclosure, as well as certain
appeal rights.  n79


   The FCS has recently embarked on two simultaneous institutional efforts to
solidify its strength as a rural lender. These efforts are first, to expand its
clientele, that is, the types of persons and entities that are eligible to be
FCS borrowers and second, to expand the types of loans that it offers. Each of
these efforts will be discussed in turn.


   1. Expanding FCS Loan Eligibility


   In an effort to compete effectively with commercial banks, the Farm Credit
Administration (FCA), the federal agency that oversees the FCS lenders, has
sought to expand FCS lending authority.  n80 This effort has been controversial,
and it has met with substantial opposition from the rural banking industry.  n81


   Recent FCA regulatory action exemplifies this effort and the controversy it
has generated. In September 1995, the FCA published a proposed rule to amend its
regulations governing the eligibility requirements for FCS loans.  n82 This rule
proposed a substantial expansion of the loan-making authority of the FCS
lenders.  n83 After the required ninety-day comment period and the receipt of
over three hundred comments, the FCA redrafted the proposed rule and republished
it.  n84 More than 1500 comments were received.  n85 On January 30, 1997, the
final rule was  [*227]  published, with an effective date of March 11, 1997.
n86 Although modified from the previous proposals, the final rule broadens the
qualifications used to determine borrower eligibility for FCS loans, thus
expanding FCS loan making authorities.  n87


   Soon thereafter, the Independent Bankers Association of America and the
American Bankers Association brought suit against the FCA.  n88 In this suit,
the bankers argued that the new regulations violated both the plain language and
the congressional intent of the statutes creating the FCS and further argued
that the "regulations caused competitive injury to their member institutions."
n89 The United States District Court for the District of Columbia dismissed the
suit on its merits.  n90


   On appeal, the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
affirmed in part and reversed in part the lower court's decision.  n91 The
appeals court held that most of ways in which the FCA sought to expand the
lending authorities of its member institutions were permissible under the Farm
Credit Act, and accordingly, these aspects of the regulations were upheld.  n92
The court also held, however, that two proposed areas of expansion were contrary
to the language of the Farm Credit Act, and the regulations implementing these
areas of expansion were struck down.  n93 The FCA's expansion of loan making
authority to loans for any business activity conducted by a farm-related service
business was struck down.  n94 Similarly, the expansion of its authority to
offer loans for non-owner occupied housing was rejected.  n95 Thus, although the
bankers' challenge was of somewhat limited success, it did confirm that there
are specific limitations on the role that Congress envisioned for the FCS. It is
likely that competitors of the FCS will continue to monitor their actions
closely and challenge any future encroachments into non-farm lending.


   2. Expanding the Types of Loans Offered


   In an effort to compete effectively with lending by "captive supply"
companies that are offering loans to farmers through input and equipment
dealers,  [*228]  the FCS has developed a new point of sale financing program
called AgSmart.  n96 It provides for indirect farmer financing of farmers who
purchase goods at authorized input suppliers and equipment dealers.  n97 It is
offered by the FCS through an agreement with the technology services provider,
EDS, and American Centurion Bank.  n98


   FCS loan officers market participation in the AgSmart program to agricultural
input suppliers and equipment dealers.  n99 If the supplier or dealer agrees to
participate, it registers with the AgSmart program, and its farmer customers can
then apply for AgSmart financing.  n100 Seasonal and operating loans, term loans
and leases, and a revolving credit card are all available at the point-of-sale
or lease.  n101 The loan is made to the farmer or input customer by FCS
indirectly, through the input supplier.  n102 The loan obligation flows directly
from the farmer-customer to American Centurion Bank, supported by the FCS.  n103
If a leasing option is selected, Farm Credit Leasing Corporation provides the
financing.  n104


   The loan application form is shorter than the usual FCS form, as is the loan
approval process. The customer completes a one page loan application that is
immediately faxed from the supplier to an EDS processing center.  n105 The
application is evaluated via a computerized credit scoring system.  n106
Approval or denial is often made within ten to fifteen minutes.  n107


   Operating loans are generally available from $ 5000 to $ 100,000, although
certain areas may be able to process larger loan.  n108 Operating loan terms are
from three to fifteen months.  n109 There is a one hundred dollar fee assessed
as of the first draw against the loan-the merchant can choose to sponsor this
fee, charge the customer, or to increase the fee and participate, up to five
hundred dollars.  n110 A  [*229]  security interest will be claimed on the
growing crop.  n111 The interest rate charged is variable, indexed to the prime
rate.  n112


   Term loans and leases are available for financing new or used machinery,
equipment, or fixtures.  n113 Loan or lease amounts range from $ 5000 to $
100,000, although some areas can process loans up to $ 250,000.  n114 The terms
available are one, three, five, or seven years.  n115 There is a one hundred
dollar fee assessed at closing.  n116 The merchant can choose to sponsor this
fee or to charge the customer and increase the fee and participate, up to five
hundred dollars.  n117 A security interest will be claimed on the item
purchased.  n118 Rates are fixed for the term of the loan or lease.  n119 There
may be no-recourse options depending upon the credit risk.  n120


   Two types of credit cards are available through AgSmart: "The AgSmart
Exclusive Card is designed for exclusive use at one business. The AgSmart
QuickStep Card may be used at all approved AgSmart business locations."  n121
Credit is available up to $ 100,000 depending upon the risk and the customer's
need.  n122 Approval is for a three-year term.  n123 Both farmer and non-farmer
customers are eligible.  n124 The minimum monthly payment amount is eight
percent of the balance, plus accrued interest.  n125 There are no fees
associated with either of the cards.  n126 The interest rate is the prime rate
plus eight percent.  n127


   In the press release announcing the new AgSmart program, the national
director of the program stated that "customer demand for a quicker, more
convenient process was the driving force behind the push for indirect
financing."  n128  [*230]  He added, however, that "competition among
agricultural suppliers and dealers was another catalyst for the change."  n129


   C. The Farm Service Agency


   The FSA (formerly Farmers Home Administration (FmHA)) is an agency within the
USDA that was created expressly for the purpose of providing credit to eligible
farmers who cannot obtain credit elsewhere.  n130 The farm financial crisis of
the 1980s took a major toll on FmHA's loan portfolio. The economic fragility of
FSA/FmHA borrowers combined with questionable lending and loan servicing
practices led to widespread defaults and enormous losses.  n131 Large loan
writeoffs and congressionally-limited lending authority has dramatically reduced
FSA's current share of farm lending.  n132 Adjusted for inflation, FSA direct
lending is the lowest since 1946, when FmHA was created.  n133


   FSA's farm loan portfolio again declined in 1997, when FSA held only five
percent of farm business loans.  n134 In 1997, FSA had $ 8.3 billion in
outstanding farm loans, a 16.3% decline since 1987 and an 8.7% decline from the
previous year.  n135 In addition to the debt writeoffs referenced above, much of
this decline can be attributed to the agency's move away from direct lending and
toward guaranteed lending.  n136 However, there was also a 14.9% decline in the
loan guarantees made by FSA in 1997.  n137 Loan guarantees of $ 1.57 billion
were made in 1997.  n138


   FSA loan demand is difficult to predict because of the FSA's special status
as a "lender of last resort." Therefore, in good economic times for farmers, and
when credit is available from other lenders, presumably, FSA loans applications
will be down.  n139 Conversely, in times of farm financial distress,
applications for  [*231]  FSA loans, in particular, emergency loans, will be
increased. Anecdotally, an increase in FSA loan applications is taken as a sign
of pending financial crisis. Emphasizing the financial stress in the northern
plains, the Wall Street Journal reported: "In the courthouse basement, the
federal Farm Service Agency office is so swamped with requests for emergency
loans that a copy-machine room and junk room were cleared out for space to take
applications. 'A lot of these farmers were your blue- chippers,' says Kelly
Turgeon, county director."  n140 FSA loan "demand" has also been affected,
however, by statutory changes in loan eligibility requirements. Statutory
changes made to the FSA loan programs in recent years have generally placed
greater restrictions on the lending authority of the FSA.  n141 A number of
these restrictions were focused on the eligibility criteria for obtaining an FSA
loan.


   Reversing this trend, Title VIII of the Omnibus Appropriations Bill, entitled
Agricultural Credit, makes a number of significant amendments to current credit
laws applicable to the FSA farm loan programs.  n142 Some of these amendments
temper the eligibility restrictions and expand certain FSA lending authority.
The changes to FSA lending programs in the recent appropriations bill are
explained as follows.


   1. Changes to Loan Eligibility Restrictions: 7 U.S.C.

    2008h


   Section 801 of the omnibus bill amends some of the basic loan making
restrictions placed on FSA lending.  n143 These restrictions are found in

    2008h of Title 7, and they are divided into three categories of loan
eligibility limitations. Under subsection (a), delinquent borrowers are
prohibited from obtaining direct operating loans.  n144 This restriction is not
changed by the new law.  n145


   Prior to the omnibus bill, subsection (b) of

    2008h provided a general rule that any borrower who received "debt
forgiveness" (also referred to as "debt write- down") on a direct or guaranteed
USDA loan was ineligible for any type of new direct or guaranteed loan.  n146
There was one exception, but it was limited to one category of borrower and one
category of loan; it provided that borrowers who  [*232]  received their debt
forgiveness as a result of the administrative debt restructuring process could
still be considered for direct or guaranteed operating loans for the purpose of
paying their annual expenses.  n147 All other situations fell under the general
rule and loan making was prohibited. The result was particularly harsh when
applied to the FSA emergency loan program.  n148


   Under the new law, there is a different general rule for direct and
guaranteed loans; the general rule for guaranteed loans is much less
restrictive. There is also a significant expansion to the exception provision.
n149


   Under the general rule, a direct loan cannot be made to a farmer that has
received debt forgiveness in the past unless the farmer falls within one of the
exceptions.  n150 A guaranteed loan cannot be made to a farmer if he or she
received debt forgiveness after April 4, 1996.  n151 A guaranteed loan also
cannot be made to a farmer that received debt forgiveness on more than three
occasions on or before April 4, 1996 unless the farmer falls within one of the
exceptions.  n152 Thus, a farmer that received debt forgiveness on as many as
three occasions before April 4, 1996 can still be considered for a loan
guaranteed by the FSA.  n153


   The exception to the general rule is also expanded. There are now two
exceptions. With regard to direct and guaranteed operating loans, where
previously, the exception only applied to borrowers who received their debt
forgiveness as a result of the administrative debt restructuring process, the
exception now also applies to borrowers who are current on payments under a
confirmed bankruptcy reorganization plan under Chapters 11, 12, or 13 of Title
11 (the Bankruptcy Code). Thus, farmers who have received debt forgiveness as a
result of the administrative debt restructuring process or who are current on
payments under a confirmed bankruptcy reorganization plan can be considered for
either a direct or guaranteed operating loan for payment of their annual
expenses.  n154


   The new law establishes a new second exception to the loan-making restriction
that applies specifically to the emergency loan program. The new law provides
that an emergency loan can be granted to a borrower who has received "not more
than one debt forgiveness" on or before April 4, 1996 and who has not received
debt forgiveness after April 4, 1996.  n155 Thus, emergency loans still cannot
be made to borrowers who received more than one debt forgiveness prior to or on
April 4, 1996, and emergency loans still can not be made to borrowers who
[*233]  received debt forgiveness at any time after April 4, 1998.  n156
However, borrowers who received one occasion of debt forgiveness granted prior
to or on April 4, 1996 should still be considered for emergency loans.  n157


   Subsection (c) of

    2008h limits farm borrowers to one administrative "debt forgiveness . . . on
a direct loan."  n158 The new law does not change this limitation on the
availability of debt forgiveness.  n159


   2. Changes to Loan Term Provisions: 7 U.S.C.

    1964


   Section 802 of the new law amends 7 U.S.C.

    1964.  n160 Section 1964 provides some of the basic rules for emergency loan
eligibility.  n161 The new law amends the security rules for emergency loans
contained in subsection (d) of

    1964.  n162 The new law allows the Secretary of Agriculture some flexibility
in evaluating the collateral necessary to support the loan.  n163 Although the
general rule that there must be adequate security for the loan remains the same,
the new law adds the following new language to subsection(d) as a new
subsection(d)(2):


   NO BASIS FOR DENIAL OF LOAN.


   (A) IN GENERAL. Subject to subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall not deny a
loan under this subtitle to a borrower by reason of the fact that the borrower
lacks a particular amount of collateral for the loan if the Secretary is
reasonably certain that the borrower will be able to repay the loan.  n164


   However, the new law also provides a restriction that allows the Secretary to
refuse to grant the loan if the borrower refuses to pledge requested collateral.
This provision is subparagraph (B) as referenced above. It provides that the
Secretary "may deny or cancel a loan under this subtitle if a borrower refuses
to pledge available collateral on request by the Secretary."  n165

     [*234]

   3. Changes to Crop Insurance/Disaster Program Multiple Benefits Rule: 7
U.S.C.

    1508(n), 7 U.S.C.

    7333(i)(3)


   Section 803 of the new law amends 7 U.S.C.


    1508(n) and 7333(i)(3). Section 1508 is part of the law governing crop
insurance; subsection(n) limits the receipt of multiple benefits from crop
insurance and other USDA loss assistance on the same crop loss.  n166 Section
7333 is part of the law governing the Non- Insured Disaster Assistance Program
(NAP), the hybrid insurance/disaster program for crops for which insurance is
not available.  n167 Subsection (i)(3) limits the receipt of NAP benefits in
combination with other disaster-related benefits.  n168


   Prior to the new law, farmers entitled to receive crop insurance benefits
under "catastrophic risk protection" (CAT) coverage (the lowest level of
coverage available to satisfy the crop insurance requirements) who were also
eligible for other USDA assistance related to the loss had to elect which
benefit to receive.  n169 Similarly, under NAP, farmers who were eligible for
NAP benefits as well as other USDA assistance related to the loss also had to
elect which benefit to receive.  n170 Emergency loans were interpreted to be
loss benefits, so in either case, the farmer had to choose between the CAT or
NAP benefits and obtaining the loan.  n171


   Under the new law, an exception is added to both


    1508(n) and 7333(i)(3). Emergency loans are excepted;  n172 thus, the
multiple benefits provision no longer applies to emergency loans. Farmers who
suffer losses covered by their federal crop insurance policies, even if they are
only in the CAT program, and farmers who are eligible for NAP benefits are still
eligible for emergency loans.  n173


   4. New Notice Requirement: Loan Eligibility: 7 U.S.C.

    1922


   Section 804 of the new law adds a new notice requirement to the loan
eligibility restrictions contained in 7 U.S.C.

    1922.  n174 Section 1922(b) attempts to put time limits on obtaining a
direct farm ownership loan, thereby requiring farmers to graduate from the
subsidized federal loan program to either conventional or guaranteed farm
financing arrangements.  n175 It provides that direct farm ownership loans can
only be made to borrowers who are either "qualified  [*235]  beginning farmers
or ranchers," new borrowers (those who have not received a previous direct farm
ownership loan), or borrowers who have "not received a direct farm ownership
loan . . . more than 10 years before the date the new loan would be made."  n176


   The new law does not amend this restriction, but it requires the Secretary of
Agriculture to provide borrowers with notice that they will become ineligible
for additional loans within twelve months before they become ineligible.  n177
This notice requirement does not begin, however, until fiscal year 2000.  n178


   5. Changes in Guaranteed Loan Eligibility Requirements Regarding Training or
Experience: 7 U.S.C.

    1922(a)(2); 7 U.S.C.

    1941(a)(2); 7 U.S.C.

    2006a


   Prior to the new law, general eligibility requirements for either direct or
guaranteed farm program loans included a requirement that the borrower have
either "training or farming experience that the Secretary determines is
sufficient to assure reasonable prospects of success in the proposed farming
operation."  n179 Essentially the same requirement was provided with regard to
farm ownership loans.  n180 The Secretary of Agriculture was authorized to
provide training programs for borrowers, both directly and by contracting with
others.  n181

    Section 805 of the new law exempts both farm ownership and operating
guaranteed loans from the training or experience requirement.  n182 This
requirement now applies only to the direct loan programs.  n183 The new law also
eliminates the specific statutory authority for conducting and contracting for
borrower training programs for guaranteed loan borrowers.  n184


   6. Changes in Guaranteed Loan Limits: 7 U.S.C.


    1925 and 1943


   Sections 1925 and 1943 set the maximum loan amounts for certain farm program
loans, including guaranteed operating and guaranteed farm ownership  [*236]
loans.  n185 Prior to the new law,

    1925 provided that no farm ownership loan could be made that would cause the
unpaid balance of the borrower's debt to exceed $ 300,000.  n186 Section 1943
provided that no guaranteed operating loan could be made that would cause the
unpaid balance of the borrower's debt to exceed $ 400,000.  n187


   Section 806 of the new law combines these amounts for purposes of the loan
limitation, replacing the total unpaid indebtedness to $ 700,000 in guaranteed
loan obligations for both programs.  n188 This new limit also takes into
consideration direct loans that are of the same type.  n189 Thus, a borrower is
limited to $ 700,000 in outstanding guaranteed and direct operating loans, and
to $ 700,000 in guaranteed and direct farm ownership loans.  n190 It also
provides for an indexing of this maximum amount, allowing it to increase
according to the Prices Paid by Farmers Index compiled by the National
Agricultural Statistics Service of the USDA.  n191


   7. New Notice Requirement: Shared Appreciation Mortgages: 7 U.S.C.

    2001(e)


   Section 807 of the new law adds a new notice requirement to the debt
restructuring and loan servicing requirements.  n192 Under this amendment, the
Secretary will be required to notify borrowers at least one year prior to the
end of the term of the shared appreciation agreement associated with their
mortgage.  n193 As with the loan eligibility notice provision contained in the
law, this notice requirement does not take effect until fiscal year 2000.  n194


   8. Revised Percentage to Be Used in Restructuring Computations: 7 U.S.C.

    2001(c)(3)(C)


   The loan servicing and debt restructuring process for farm program loans is
set forth in 7 U.S.C.

    2001. One of the computations made as part of the debt restructuring
analysis is the value of the borrower's restructured loan.  n195 Prior to the
new law,

    2001(c)(3)(C) allowed the Secretary to assume that the borrower  [*237]
would need up to 110% of the amount estimated for payment of farm operating
expenses, debt service obligations, and family living expenses.  n196 This
provided a ten percent cushion for unanticipated or larger than expected
expenses.  n197 Section 808 of the new law amends

    2001(c)(3)(C) to replace the 110% value with 100%.  n198


   D. The Life Insurance Industry


   Historically, life insurance companies have been major investors in real
estate financing. The long-term nature of real estate mortgages has been seen to
match well with the long-term nature of life insurance liabilities. However, the
significance of insurance company lending to the agricultural sector has greatly
decreased.  n199


   At one time, life insurance companies exceeded commercial banks in the amount
of outstanding farm loans.  n200 They maintained this dominance until 1986, when
banks took the market share lead.  n201 Over recent years, their loan share has
diminished, and in 1996-97, life insurance companies only held between five and
six percent of outstanding agricultural loans.  n202


   In addition to the overall decline in the percentage of agricultural lending
done by life insurance companies, a recent ERS analysis revealed significant
trends concerning the agricultural loans that insurance companies do continue to
make.  n203 First, there has been a geographic concentration that has become
apparent. This has produced a shift away from lending to farmers in the Corn
Belt states to lending instead to farmers in the Southeast and the Pacific
Coast.  n204


   Second, in a related shift, insurance companies have tended to prefer to make
loans to larger commercial farms.  n205 Preference is also given to enterprises
with  [*238]  primarily real estate assets as opposed to depreciable buildings,
and with soil and water conditions that minimize farming risks.  n206


   Third, the average loan amount has increased dramatically.  n207 The average
outstanding loan size for an agricultural loan increased 298.2% during 1980- 94.
n208 The ERS analysis concludes that "[l]ife insurance companies are
insignificant players in the market for farm mortgages under $ 150,000 and are
relatively minor players for mortgages under $ 500,000."  n209 At least two
insurance companies restrict new farm loans to those over $ 500,000; one company
requires a minimum of $ 1,000,000.  n210


   Thus, while insurance companies continue to play a role as one of the four
major institutional lenders, this role has decreased, and, although there are
exceptions, this role has only been significant with regard to large farming
operations.


   V. New Issues: The Changing Landscape of Agricultural Lending


   Over the few years, there has been a quiet revolution in farm finance as
important and powerful new players have strengthened their position as
competitive agricultural lenders. "Captive finance companies" now provide a
substantial amount of loans to farmers.  n211 A captive finance company is best
defined as a non-bank lender that is tied to a company that seeks to use
agricultural financing as a tool to market its products or services.  n212


   The combination of product-seller and lender present several distinct
advantages. First, because the lender's profit is not determined solely on the
basis of the loan, but on the purchase of the underlying product, loans can be
made at a rate that may well be lower than either a bank or FCS.  n213

     [*239]

   Second, because the product-seller has an independent relationship with the
farmer, e.g., through the sale of agricultural inputs or farm machinery, the
seller may use this relationship to encourage lending.


   Third, captive finance companies are not regulated as banks,  n214 nor are
they regulated as government instrumentalities (as is FCS), or as a government
agency (as is FSA).  n215 Thus, their lending has all of the efficacy (and all
of the potential dangers) of an unregulated industry. They are able to move
fast, change lending practices frequently, and are able to react quickly to
changes in the market, and to changes in the customer's demands.


   Initially, captive finance lending was limited to the products sold by the
lender. For example, Case Credit Corporation would finance the purchase or lease
of equipment manufactured by Case Corporation. A number of captive finance
lenders have expanded, however, into other areas of agricultural financing,
making loans to pay for services, purchases, and even cash farmland rent that is
not related to the captive finance product.


   Examples of the captive finance companies that are currently active in the
agricultural lending include:


   Agricredit Corporation (fifty-one percent owned by Rabobank Nederland):
reported to have approximately $ 1.2 billion in outstanding loans, offers
machinery and operating loans as well as a farm credit card program;  n216


   Ag Services of America, Inc.: based in Cedar Falls, Iowa, with links to
DeKalb Seed and Novartis, offers flexible operating credit while also serving as
an outlet for all crop input supplies through its AgriFlex program.  n217


   Cooperative Farm Finance Association, Inc. (CFA): a member-owned cooperative
finance association based in Kansas, Missouri, owned in large part by Farmland
Industries, offers to finance all types of farm inputs sold by its member
cooperatives as well as a credit card with a sliding interest rate depending
upon an assessment of the borrower's risk level.  n218

     [*240]

   Case Credit: a financial services subsidiary of Case Corporation, is reported
to have a credit portfolio of $ 5.3 billion in equipment financing. It also
offers a credit card program in conjunction with Nations Bank.  n219


   John Deere Credit: the largest of the captive finance lenders and a
subsidiary of the equipment giant, Deere & Company, reports approximately $ 8.4
billion in net receivables and leases.  n220 It offers financing and leasing
options for farm equipment, operating loans for agricultural inputs and a farm
business credit card, Farm Plan.  n221 Farm Plan accounts are now available in
all fifty states. Its sister program, AgLine, is available in Canada.  n222
Charge volumes for 1996 are estimated at $ 1 billion.  n223 John Deere Credit
has alliances with numerous cooperatives, including Growmark and Countrymark, as
well as Pioneer Hi-Bred International.  n224


   New Holland Credit Co., a subsidiary of Ford Motor Co., presently offers an
operating line of credit program and a credit card.  n225


   VI. Conclusion: Thoughts on Agricultural Finance


   After surveying the farm financial picture as the end of 1998 nears, two
observations are appropriate. The first concerns the potential changes in farm
lending caused by financial stress in 1998. The second concerns a trend in loan
availability that may well transcend this year's financial problems.


   After several years of general farm financial stability and profitability,
most borrowers and lenders entered 1998 with a sense of optimism. In mid-1998,
however, that optimism crashed head on with the reality of the income volatility
of an unregulated agriculture. Low farm prices reduced anticipated farm income
dramatically and concern mounted. Low farm incomes will no doubt cause many
farmers to default on their loan obligations; the unanswered question is how
[*241]  widespread this default will be. Another unknown is how this will affect
lenders' interest in and commitment to agricultural lending.


   The second observation raises a concern about an overall trend in farm
lending. There are numerous lenders that are anxious to expand their farm loan
portfolios. Commercial banks compete with FCS, and both compete with the new
captive finance companies. On the surface it appears that farm loans are readily
available at favorable terms for all farm borrowers. In fact, however, lenders
are really only competing for the "high quality" farm loans. Farm operators that
are considered to be "marginal" are likely to lack credit access.  n226
Beginning farmers, without the track record necessary to prove their credit
worthiness are also likely to be denied loans.  n227 Rural development officials
surveyed by the General Accounting Office confirm this split in access to credit
and define the types of borrowers that have difficulty as "start-up, expanding,
and minority businesses."  n228 Captive finance companies further encourage the
division by utilizing credit scoring systems that approve or deny credit on the
basis of objective criteria and credit history. There is little opportunity in
such a system for explanations and subjective persuasion.


   In a dual borrower system, "high quality" borrowers get loans, and they get
them with promptness, and on terms that are favorable. Other borrowers have to
search for credit, perhaps obtaining loans later in the crop cycle than is
desirable and/or for less amount than that which would be preferred to maximize
profits. If credit is obtained, the loan terms may not be as favorable. Interest
rates may be higher and repayment term shorter. These factors combine to make
the "less than high quality" borrower at a continual competitive disadvantage.
His or her profitability is jeopardized, and the chance to move into that "high
quality" realm is lost. In effect, a kind of agricultural credit underclass is
formed.


   The analysis of these two observations about farm finance will have to be
continued at some point in the future. Both are developing issues, and because
of the dependence of agriculture upon borrowed capital, both raise serious
public policy concerns about the future of American agriculture. Hopefully,
these topics will be considered in a future article.



Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Banking LawBank ActivitiesGeneral OverviewGovernmentsLocal
GovernmentsFinanceReal Property LawFinancingFederal RegulationsFarm Credit Act

FOOTNOTES:




n1  See discussion infra Part II.




n2  See discussion infra Part III.




n3  See discussion infra Part IV.




n4  See discussion infra Part V.




n5  See discussion infra Part VI.




n6  See Thomas L. Frey & Robert H. Behrens, Lending to Agricultural Enterprises
3-4 (1981).




n7  Id. at 3.




n8  See id.




n9  See id.




n10  Id.




n11  See id.




n12  See id.




n13  See id. at 4.




n14  Id. at 3-4.




n15  Id. at 4. Frey and Behrens appear to view the "way of life" model of
farming as inconsistent with the model of a sophisticated business. They state
that agriculture is "in transition" from one system to the other. See id.
Although this raises issues that are beyond the scope of this Article, one can
certainly argue that successful business management is not incompatible with the
concept of family farming. While farming is indisputably a highly capitalized
industry that requires careful management, for many farmers and for the rural
communities in which they live, it also remains a way of life.




n16  See id. at 3-4.




n17  See Jeffrey R. Kayl, Student Paper, Farm Credit Amendments Act of 1985:
Congressional Intent, FCA Implementation and Courts' Interpretation and the
Effect of Subsequent Legislation on the 1985 Act, 37 Drake L. Rev. 271, 279-83
(1988).




n18  See Jerome Stam & James Ryan, Farm Credit Use Up for 6th Straight Year,
Agric. Outlook, June-July 1998, at 16, 17.




n19  See id. at 16.




n20  See Paul Sundell & Ted Covey, Stable Interest Rates, Ample Credit in 1998 &
1999, Agric. Outlook, May 1998, at 27, 28.




n21  See id.




n22  Jerome Stam & James Ryan, Farm Credit Use Up for 5th Straight Year: Market
Stronger for Farm Lenders, Agric. Outlook, April 1997, at 27, 27.




n23  Mitch Morehart et al., Record 1997 Net Cash Income Braces Farms for Market
Downturn, Agric. Outlook, Sept. 1998, at 2, 4.




n24  Stam & Ryan, supra note 18, at 16.




n25  See id. at 19.




n26  See Economic Research Service, United States Department of Agriculture,
Agricultural Relief Package Will Bolster 1998 Farm Income (visited Nov. 26,
1998) <http://www.econ.ag.gov/ Briefing/fbe/fore/ffore.htm>.




n27  See id.




n28  Morehart et al., supra note 23, at 5.




n29  Stam & Ryan, supra note 22, at 16.




n30  Morehart et al., supra note 23, at 4.




n31  See id. at 2.




n32  Id. at 5.




n33  See id. at 2.




n34  Id.




n35  Id.




n36  See Neil D. Hamilton, A Changing Agricultural Law for a Changing
Agriculture, 4 Drake J. Agric. L. 41, 43-47 (1999).




n37  Scott Kilman, Off the Land: On the Northern Plains, Free Market Farming
Yields Pain, Upheaval, Wall St. J., May 5, 1998, at A1.




n38  Scott Kilman, Farm Economy Enters an Anxious Time: Decline in Exports to
Asia and a Drought Worry Farmers and Bankers, Wall St. J., July 16, 1998, at A2.




n39  Id. (quoting Phil Burns, Chief Executive Officer of Farmers & Merchants
National Bank in West Point Nebraska).




n40  Hamilton, supra note 36, at 41, 42.




n41  See, e.g., Omnibus Consolidated and Emergency Supplemental Appropriations
Act of 1999, Pub. L. No. 105-277, 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) 2681.




n42  For an excellent discussion of the various farm programs, as well as
information on the omnibus appropriations funds devoted thereto, see Christopher
R. Kelley, Federal Farm Program Developments, 4 Drake J. Agric. L. 93 (1999).




n43  Economic Research Service, supra note 26.




n44  See id.




n45  Scott Kilman, Hog Market Collapses on Glut of Animals, Wall St. J., Nov.
27, 1998, at A2.




n46  See Stam & Ryan, supra note 18, at 16.




n47  See Sundell & Covey, supra note 20, at 27; Stam & Ryan, supra note 18, at
16-17.




n48  Economic Research Serv., USDA, Credit in Rural America 6 (1998). Congress
requested a study of the availability of credit in rural areas in the Federal
Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996. See Federal Agriculture
Improvement and Reform Act of 1996, Pub. L. No. 104-127, 650, 110 Stat. 888,
1105. Credit in Rural America is the ERS report that was produced as a result of
this study.




n49  Economic Research Serv., supra note 48, at 6.




n50  See Stam & Ryan, supra note 18, at 17.




n51  See id.




n52  See Sundell & Covey, supra note 20, at 27.




n53  See Economic Research Serv., supra note 48, at 10. Possible reasons for
this stability include "potential antitrust enforcement by the Department of
Justice and bank regulator concerns over the local impacts of mergers." Id.




n54  Economic Research Serv., supra note 48, at 10.




n55  See id.




n56  Id.




n57  This situation may be particularly problematic in the context of
agricultural loans. Uniform Commercial Code provisions protecting the rights of
secured creditors are particularly strong with regard to "floating liens"
applied to crops. In some instances, it is virtually impossible for a farmer to
give the equivalent of a "purchase money security interest" priority to a new
lender that has financed the farmer's crop. This difficulty results in the crop
lender having a "practical monopoly in the extension of production credit to the
farmer." Steve H. Nickles, Setting Farmers Free: Righting the Unintended Anomaly
of UCC Section 9-312(2), 71 Minn. L. Rev. 1135, 1180-88 (1987).




n58  See Sundell & Covey, supra note 20, at 28.




n59  Kilman, supra note 38, at A2.




n60  See id.




n61  See Sundell & Covey, supra note 20, at 27.




n62  See Economic Research Serv., supra note 48, at 10. "Local banking
organizations" are defined as banks with no offices outside that county. See id.




n63  See id. (predicting the percentage has consistently decreased). For
example, the recently approved merger of Norwest Bank with Wells Fargo will
affect many rural banks in Minnesota and the Dakotas.




n64  Id.




n65  See Edward Lotterman, Low Commodity Prices Taking Toll Across the Ninth
District, Fedgazette, Nov. 1998
<http://woodrow.mpls.frb.fed.us/pubs/fedgaz/98-10/adfin.html>. Each quarter the
Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis surveys agricultural bankers in the Ninth
Federal Reserve District (Montana, North & South Dakota, Minnesota, Northwestern
Wisconsin, and the Upper Peninsula of Michigan). See id. In August 1998, 107
bankers responded to the survey, and their responses reflect conditions
experienced during the second quarter of 1998. See id. A summary of the
responses was published on the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis Internet
website. See id.




n66  Id.




n67  See id.




n68  See id.




n69  See id.




n70  Id.




n71  The FCS was created in 1916 to provide agricultural loans "because rural
banks were unable or unwilling to risk doing so." See Economic Research Serv.,
supra note 48, at 11. The authorizing statute states that it is the "policy of
Congress, recognizing that a prosperous, productive agriculture is essential to
a free nation and recognizing the growing need for credit in rural areas, that
the farmer-owned cooperative Farm Credit System be designed to accomplish the
objective of improving the income . . . by furnishing sound, adequate, and
constructive credit and closely related services to them, their cooperatives,
and to selected farm-related businesses necessary for efficient farm
operations." 12 U.S.C.  2001 (1994). For a discussion of the history and purpose
of the FCS, see Christopher R. Kelley & Barbara J. Hoekstra, A Guide to Borrower
Litigation Against the Farm Credit System and the Rights of Farm Credit
Borrowers, 66 N.D. L. Rev. 127, 130-49 (1990).




n72  See Stam & Ryan, supra note 18, at 19.




n73  See id.




n74  See Sundell & Covey, supra note 20, at 28.




n75  See Stam & Ryan, supra note 18, at 19.




n76  Id.




n77  Id.




n78  See Morehart et al., supra note 23, at 5, and accompanying text. See Stam &
Ryan, supra note 18, at 19.




n79  See Farm Credit System Reform Act of 1996, Pub. L. No. 104-105, 208, 110
Stat. 162, 173 (to be codified at 12 U.S.C.  2202a).




n80  See, e.g., 60 Fed. Reg. 47,103, 47,103-106 (proposed Sept. 11, 1995).




n81  See id. at 47,106.




n82  See generally id.




n83  See generally id. (amendment to govern eligibility and purposes for
financing FCS).




n84  See generally 61 Fed. Reg. 42,092 (proposed Aug. 13, 1996) (involving a
reproposal that eliminates current eligibility requirements not required by the
Act).




n85  See id.




n86  See id.




n87  See id.




n88  See Independent Bankers Ass'n of Am. v. Farm Credit Admin., 986 F. Supp.
633, 636 (D.D.C. 1997).




n89  Id.




n90  See id. at 644.




n91  See Independent Bankers Ass'n of Am. v. Farm Credit Admin., 164 F.3d 661,
671 (D.C. Cir. 1999).




n92  See id.




n93  See id.




n94  See id. at 667.




n95  See id. at 671.




n96  See National Agribusiness Trade Credit Program Launched Today: AgSmart
Offers Quick, Easy and Customized Financing Programs, AgSmart Press Release
(Jan. 5, 1998).




n97  See EDS to Provide Comprehensive National Point-of- Sale Financing Program
for Farmers Through the Farm Credit System, AgSmart News Release (Mar. 13,
1998).




n98  See id.




n99  See id.




n100  See Telephone Interview with Lisa Vaughan, Processor Services Analyst,
AgSmart in Plano, Tex. (Sept. 1, 1998).




n101  See EDS to Provide Comprehensive National Point- of-Sale Financing Program
for Farmers Through the Farm Credit System, supra note 97.




n102  See id.




n103  See id.




n104  See id.




n105  See id.




n106  See id.




n107  See Telephone Interview with Lisa Vaughn, supra note 100. The EDS press
release promises approval within 30 minutes. See EDS to Provide Comprehensive
National Point-of-Sale Financing Program for Farmers Through the Farm Credit
System, supra note 97.




n108  See AgSmart, Operating Loan (1998) (pamphlet on file with author).




n109  See id.




n110  See id.




n111  See id.




n112  See id.




n113  See AgSmart, Term Loan/Lease (1998) (pamphlet on file with author).




n114  See id.




n115  See id.




n116  See id.




n117  See id.




n118  See id.




n119  See id.




n120  See id.




n121  AgSmart, Revolving Credit Card (1998) (pamphlet on file with author).




n122  See id.




n123  See id.




n124  See id.




n125  See id.




n126  See id.




n127  See id.




n128  EDS to Provide Comprehensive National Point-of- Sale Financing Program for
Farmers Through the Farm Credit System, supra note 97.




n129  Id.




n130  See 7 U.S.C.  1922 (1994). For a history of the FSA loan programs and
FSA's predecessor agency, Farmers Home Administration, see Curry v. Block, 541
F. Supp. 506 (S.D. Ga. 1982).




n131  U.S. Gen. Accounting Office, Farmers Home Administration: Farm Program
Debt, Delinquencies, and Loan Losses as of June 30, 1989, at 1-3 (1990).




n132  See id. at 2-3.




n133  See Stam & Ryan, supra note 22, at 29.




n134  See Stam & Ryan, supra note 18, at 16.




n135  See id. at 19.




n136  See id. See also U.S. Gen. Accounting Office, Farmers Home Administration:
Implications of the Shift from Direct to Guaranteed Farm Loans 2 (1989)
(discussing the progress of FmHA in shifting its lending focus from direct to
guaranteed lending).




n137  See Stam & Ryan, supra note 18, at 19.




n138  See id.




n139  Even in good financial times, however, certain groups of farmers may have
difficulty obtaining a farm loan from one of the other traditional lenders.
Marginal operators and beginning farmers frequently lack access to credit, even
when the farm economy as a whole is healthy. See id.




n140  Kilman, supra note 37, at A1.




n141  See Federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996, Pub. L. No.
104-127, 110 Stat. 888, 1084-1108.




n142  See Omnibus Consolidated and Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act of
1999, Pub. L. No. 105-277, 801-808, 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) 2681, .




n143  See id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n144  See 7 U.S.C.  2008(h) (Supp. III 1997).




n145  See id.  2008h(a).




n146  See id.  2008h(b).




n147  See id.




n148  See id.




n149  See Omnibus Consolidated and Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act of
1999, Pub. L. No. 105-277, 801, 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) 2681, .




n150  See id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n151  See id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n152  See id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n153  See id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n154  See id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at




n155  Id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n156  See id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n157  See id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n158  7 U.S.C.  2008h(c) (Supp. III 1997).




n159  See id.  2008h(c); Omnibus Consolidated and Emergency Supplemental
Appropriations Act of 1999 801, 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.).




n160  See id.  802, 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n161  See 7 U.S.C.  1964 (1994 & Supp. III 1997).




n162  See Omnibus Consolidated and Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act of
1999 802, 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n163  See id, 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n164  Id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n165  Id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n166  See 7 U.S.C.  1508(n) (Supp. III 1997).




n167  See id.  7333.




n168  See id.  7333(i)(3).




n169  See id.  1508(n), 7333(i)(3).




n170  See id.




n171  See id.




n172  See Omnibus Consolidated and Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act of
1999, Pub. L. No. 105-277, 803, 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) 2681, .




n173  See id.  803, 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n174  See id.  803, 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n175  See 7 U.S.C.  1922(b).




n176  Id.  1922(b)(1).




n177  See Omnibus Consolidated and Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act of
1999 804, 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n178  Id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n179  7 U.S.C.  1922(a)(2) (1994) (applying to direct and guaranteed operating
loans).




n180  See id.  1941(a)(2).




n181  See id.  2006a.




n182  See Omnibus Consolidated and Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act of
1999 805, 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n183  See id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n184  See id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n185  See 7 U.S.C.  1925, 1943.




n186  See id.  1925.




n187  See id.  1943.




n188  See Omnibus Consolidated and Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act of
1999 806, 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n189  See id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n190  See id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n191  See id.  806, 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n192  See id.  907, 1998 U.S.C.A.A.N. (112 Stat.) at (amending 7 U.S.C.  2001).




n193  See id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n194  See id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n195  See 7 U.S.C.  2001(c) (1994).




n196  See 7 U.S.C.A.  2001(c)(3)(C) (West Supp. 1998).




n197  See id.




n198  See Omnibus Consolidated and Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act of
1999 808, 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n199  See generally Jerome M. Stam et al., Life Insurance Company Mortgage
Lending to U.S. Agriculture, Economic Research Serv., USDA, Agric. Econ. Rep.
No. 725 (Dec. 1995). This report provides an excellent analysis of the history
of insurance company lending to the agricultural sector and discusses the
reasons why this lending has declined. See generally id.




n200  See id. at 11.




n201  See id. at 11. In 1986, commercial banks held 13.3% of outstanding
agricultural loans while insurance companies held 11.4%. See id.




n202  See Stam & Ryan, supra note 22, at 27. See also Stam & Ryan, supra note
18, at 16-17.




n203  See generally Stam et al., supra note 199.




n204  See id. at 13-15.




n205  See id. at 13.




n206  See id. These trends all indicate a concern for risk avoidance on the part
of the insurance companies. Apparently, it is assumed that the large volume
agribusiness operations present less risk. However, by so limiting their
agricultural portfolio, both by size and by region, the industry may be
concentrating its interests in a way that would be vulnerable to a shift in
profitability or to weather-related losses in a particular area.




n207  See id. at 17.




n208  See id.




n209  Id.




n210  See id. at 18. The analysis states that most insurance companies would
like more farm business, but have difficulty finding borrowers that meet their
lending requirements. Again, it appears that insurance companies view these
larger loans as a less risky investment than the diversified, smaller loans
characteristic of their portfolios in the past. Time will tell whether this, in
fact, will be the case.




n211  See Dan Looker, Captive Finance Companies, Successful Farming, Feb. 1998,
at 18, 18.




n212  See id.




n213  See id. at 18-19.




n214  See id.




n215  See id.




n216  See id. at 18.




n217  See Ag Services of America, Inc. (last modified Feb. 20, 1999)
<http://www.agservice. com>.




n218  See Letter and Informational Material from Theresa M. Wren, Input Finance
Loan Officer, The Cooperative Finance Association, Inc., to Susan A. Schneider
(Sept. 3, 1998) (on file with the Drake Journal of Agricultural Law). Other
financial services advertised by CFA include: commercial lending for seasonal
and term financing for agri-business operations; production agriculture lending
for producers; equipment leasing; and a full service collection agency and
credit management service. See id. In addition, there is a Specialty Lending
Program that offers "single purpose loans to retail agribusiness that have a
borrowing relationship with another lender." Id. CFA also offers wire transfer
services, commercial paper investment options and letter of credit services. See
id.




n219  See Case Corporation (visited Feb. 20, 1999) <http://www.casecredit.com>;
Case Credit Mission Statement ( v i s i t e d J a n . 2 9 , 1 9 9 9 )
<http://www.casecorp.com/credit/who we are/ page1.html>; Case Credit Private
Label Credit Card (visited Feb. 20, 1999) < h t t p : / / w w w . c a s e c o r
p . com/credit/financial/insurance/page12.html>.




n220  See Deere & Co., 1997 Annual Financial Report 22 (1998).




n221  See John Deere Credit (last modified Jan. 30, 1999) <http://www.deere.com/
jdcredit>; Deere & Co., supra note 220, at 22.




n222  See John Deere Credit, supra note 221; Deere & Co., supra note 220, at 22.




n223  See John Deere Credit, supra note 221; Deere & Co., supra note 220, at 22.




n224  See John Deere Credit, supra note 221; Deere & Co., supra note 220, at 22.




n225  See New Holland Credit Co., Credit Application (1996) (pamphlet on file
with author).




n226  See Stam & Ryan, supra note 18, at 19.




n227  See id.




n228  U.S. Gen. Accounting Office, Rural Development: Availability of Capital
for Agriculture, Business, and Infrastructure 2 (1997).


                             130 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             May 27, 1981 Wednesday

The victims   of high interest   Mortgage, loan costs   an impossible burden
for younger farmers

BYLINE: JEFF SALLOT; GAM

LENGTH: 1077 words

DATELINE: FAWCETT, AB


By  JEFF SALLOT
                           Globe and Mail Reporter
     FAWCETT, Alta.  - Orville Smith and Irene Callaghan, partners in a
 farm near this central Alberta community, are trying to sell off some of
 their land before a combination of high interest rates and inflation
 drives them into bankruptcy.

Like many young farm couples they carry a heavy debt load, struggling
 to meet loan payments for the purchase of equipment and mortgages on their
 land. Last fall they were turned down for low-interest farm loans by
 federal and provincial agencies, which concluded that their debt load was
 too high and they would have to sell off some machinery or land before
 they could be considered for a long-term loan to consolidate their debts.

At that time they owed various banks and mortgage companies more than
 $191,000. Since then, combining equipment has been repossessed, and they
 have paid off the loans on all the other equipment.

Nonetheless, the mortgages are heavy, and foreclosure proceedings have
 been started on two of the five quarter-sections (800 acres) they have
 farmed since 1977. In addition, the cost of fertilizer and fuel and other
 operating expenses keep rising, and they figure that to stay in farming
 beyond this summer their last hope is to sell three of the quarter-
 sections.

There are other farmers in the area, about an hour's drive north of
 Edmonton, who might be interested in the three quarter-sections, but they
 are all reluctant to buy at today's high interest rates. They are eyeing
 the property, waiting for foreclosure and the sale of the land at a
 bankruptcy price at auction, Miss Callaghan says.

If a purchaser can't be found, the couple say they'll lose everything
 and be forced to move to Edmonton. 'I don't know what I'll do - maybe be
 a waitress," says Miss Callaghan, who has lived and worked on farms all
 her life.

Mr. Smith, who supplements the farm income with a part-time job
 trucking drilling mud to oil-rig sites, says even that job is in jeopardy
 because there has been a decline in petroleum exploration this year.

In their pastures the other day, as they showed a visitor their cattle
 and horses, there were a number of foals gambolling across the field. It's
 the horses that Miss Smith says she'll miss most if they have to leave the
 farm.

Their days are long these days. After the morning chores around the
 farmyard they are both in the field all day long, fertilizing and seeding
 until dusk. He fertilizes and she seeds. They each drive their own
 tractors.

It's common practice for Canadian farmers to take out operating loans
 each spring to buy seed, fertilizer and diesel fuel for the farm
 equipment, paying them back at harvest time or when livestock are sold.
 But Miss Callaghan and Mr. Smith didn't even approach the bank for an
 operating loan this year because the interest rates are too high and
 because they still owe on last year's loan.

Their fertilizer and seed bill this year totals about $3,500. They
 haven't paid it yet. The company has extended credit.

Their fuel bill during the summer is about $300 a month. They're
 putting that on a credit card.

The propane they buy for home heating and cooking costs about $2,300 a
 year.

Their farm income last year from the sale of livestock and grain was
 about $17,000 and Mr. Smith's take-home pay from the trucking job was
 $14,000. So if they didn't have to worry about the mortgages on the land,
 they might be living comfortably.

Older farmers who have paid off the mortgages, or those younger farmers
 who have inherited the family homestead, aren't caught under the  heavy
 debt load. But land purchase prices, particularly at the high interest
 rates of recent years, are the scourge of many young farmers like Mr.
 Smith and Miss Callaghan.

Lower interest rates are available to some through the federal Farm
 Credit Corp., and though a beginning-farmers' program of the Alberta
 Government, but there is a limit on how much the agencies will lend.

The Farm Credit Corp., which will finance a farmer only when the banks
 have turned him down, sets a maximum of $200,000. Many farmers complain
 this limit is too low for Western Canada, where large spreads are needed
 to make a farm viable. Equipment costs alone frequently exceed $100,000.

Stuart Theisson, executive secretary of the National Farmers Union,
 thinks a large number of young farmers will go under this year because of
 high interest rates. But when farmers do go bust little is heard about it
 because they 'don't want to admit that they are so-called failures. But
 who can afford 22 per cent interest rates?"
    Real estate agents say it seems that more and more farmland is up for
 sale in Alberta this year. One tract is being offered by Arnold Bucholz, a
 grocer from Evansburg, about 100 kilometres west of Edmonton, and interest
 rates are definitely the reason.

He bought 240 acres two years ago as an investment, and leased it to a
 farmer. His loan interest at that time was 12 per cent but it was set to
 float at 1.5 per cent above prime, and he's been clobbered by the recent
 jumps in the prime rate.
    'I've got a lot of sympathy for young farmers," he says. "I don't know
 how they'll ever get the money together to buy land."
    Even those who own their land find it hard to manage operating loans at
 22 per cent interest, says a 52-year-old farmer from Pigeon Lake, about 60
 kilometres southwest of Edmonton, who didn't want his name published
 because he didn't want his neighbors to know his financial plight.

After a lifetime of farming he is selling out because the loan rates
 are too high and the prices for his cattle are too low. He had to borrow
 last year to pay his income tax.
    'We were doing all right until this interest-rate thing. Even at 13
 per cent it wasn't bad. But when you get to 20 per cent it really hurts a
 guy."
    Farm economists say western grain farmers generally should have a good
 year because the transportation system has improved and they can get more
 of their crop to market. But cattle farmers will be hurt badly because
 livestock prices are down.

Allan Macaulay, provincial agriculturalist for the Barrhead district,
 says many cattle and hog farmers in his area are finding that interest
 rates are the final straw, and even young farmers who try to consolidate
 their debts with a provincial loan may be only postponing the inevitable.

This is another in a series,   to appear from time to time,   describing how
high interest rates   have hurt individual Canadians

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1981 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             131 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      The Western Star (Coldwater, Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 2, 2010

Comanche Is among Counties Eligible for Farmer Assistance

BYLINE: The Western Star staff

LENGTH: 400  words


"Farmers in Comanche and Kiowa Counties, who suffered crop or livestock losses
due to severe storms, flooding and tornadoes occurring June 6, 2010 to July 21,
2010 may now apply for Farm Service Agency (FSA) emergency loans, " FSA Farm
Loan Manager Kevin Vondra, said this week.

Barber and Pratt Counties also became eligible under existing legislation which
provides that farmers in counties bordering on those which have been designated
for disaster assistance, may also qualify for such assistance.

Applications for assistance will be accepted by FSA until April 4, 2011.

"Loans covering physical and/or production losses may be made at a 3.75 percent
interest rate, and are scheduled for repayment as rapidly as feasible,
consistent with the applicant's reasonable ability to pay, " said Vondra. FSA's
Farm Loan Programs staff is committed to new and existing customers, FSA
customer goals and our rural communities.

FSA's service extends beyond the typical loan, offering FSA customers ongoing
consultation, advice and creative ways to make your farm business thrive.

"At the Farm Service Agency, we want to be your lender of first opportunity to
overcome these adverse weather conditions and rebuild your operation to get back
on track, " said Vondra.

FSA's loan staff can refer customers to other public and commercial financing
sources that can serve as a blend with FSA's farm loan programs. FSA loans
covering physical losses may be used to replace installations, equipment,
livestock, or buildings (including homes), lost through this disaster. FSA loans
covering production losses may be used to buy feed, seed, fertilizer, livestock,
or to make payments on real estate and chattel debts.

"Funds can also be used for other essential operating and living expenses, "
Vondra said. To be eligible for an emergency disaster loan, an applicant must be
operating a family size farm or ranch, must be unable to get credit elsewhere,
and must have suffered a qualifying physical and/or production loss from the
disaster. Farmers who suffered at least a 30 per cent reduction to at least one
cropping enterprise, may have a qualifying production loss.

Emergency disaster production loss loans cover 100 per cent of qualifying
losses. Farmers and ranchers that think they may be eligible should contact the
FSA County Office in Pratt, Kansas or call (620) 672-7449 for additional
information and how to apply.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WSS

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2010 The Western Star


                             132 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                             March 21, 2016 Monday
                                   1 Edition

USDA inspires new crop of farmers

BYLINE: By, Finance NM

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. Z6

LENGTH: 547 words


LAS CRUCES - The U.S. Department of Agriculture is making it easier for New
Mexicans to take up - or continue - farming in a state that's famous for its
chile and other commercial crops but also produces specialty items derived from
agricultural products.

Direct Farm Ownership Microloans, which help agricultural entrepreneurs buy and
improve farmland and farm buildings and finance other related capital-intensive
activities, are especially helpful to beginning and underserved farmers,
veterans and those just embarking on a farming career.

In New Mexico, the loans are well suited to small-scale and nontraditional farms
that sell their products at farmers markets and roadside stands or that serve a
niche market by growing crops organically, hydroponically or in greenhouses.
They can be an incentive for people to take their backyard gardening to the next
level or even to repopulate rural areas where land is more plentiful and new
businesses are needed.

This new microloan is a cousin to Direct Farm Operating Microloans, which USDA
started offering in 2013 to help farmers obtain equipment and tools, fencing and
essential materials, such as livestock, seed, fertilizer or irrigation - and to
pay costs associated with marketing and promotion and securing basic
certifications. Seventy percent of Direct Farm Operating Microloans have gone to
new farmers.

Loan basics

Direct Farm Ownership Microloans simplify the process of securing capital to buy
or improve farmland and buildings and to implement other high-cost projects,
such as soil and water conservation.

The loan program is specifically designed for people who want to make a living
off the land but don't have the business track record that might qualify them
for a traditional, low-interest loan from the Farm Service Agency - which
administers numerous farm-conservation and assistance programs for USDA - or a
loan from a traditional lender.

Direct Farm Ownership Microloans generally are secured by the property being
purchased or modified. Loans top out at $50,000, and qualifying applicants can
borrow what they need; they're not subject to loan minimums. The maximum term is
25 years.

Eligibility requirements

Applicants for a Direct Farm Ownership Microloan must have an acceptable credit
history, U.S. citizenship or legal resident status, an inability to obtain
credit elsewhere and a good history of repaying debts to the FSA and other
federal agencies and creditors.

They must have three years of experience managing a farm in the decade before
applying for the loan, but the agency is flexible with this  in light of its
goal to help those with sparse farming credentials. Sixteen credit hours of
postsecondary schooling in an agriculture-related field or one year of direct
experience in business management can substitute for one year running a farm,
and a self-guided apprenticeship with an approved mentor can meet the rest of
that requirement.

For more information about a Direct Farm Ownership Microloan, including current
interest rates, visit www.fsa.usda.gov/microloans or contact any USDA Service
Center or FSA field office (http://offices.usda.gov).

Finance New Mexico assists individuals and businesses with  skills and funding
resources for business or idea. To learn more,  www.FinanceNewMexico.org.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: lru


                       Copyright 2016 Las Cruces Sun-News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             133 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Agriculture: Ill. Bank Makes a Name with Ag Real Estate Loans

                             April 29, 1996, Monday

By BARBARA F. BRONSTIEN


Because First State Bank of Eldorado, Ill., doesn't have a lot of farm loans on
its books, you might assume it doesn't do much agricultural finance.

You'd be wrong.

The bank has developed a niche business: originating farm real estate loans for
the secondary market through its two farm mortgage subsidiaries.

The strategy has been to offer long-term, fixed-rate loans and use the secondary
market to build a stream of servicing and fee income, said chairman Burt H. Rowe
Jr.

The $70 million-asset bank's loan-to-deposit ratio is a slim 25%, he said. The
bank's loans and leases total more than $17 million, but only about $2.6 million
of that is in agricultural operating loans.

However, volume from the long-term farm mortgage loans, not in the portfolio, is
more substantial.

The bank's ratio of noninterest income to total assets was 1.9% in 1995, putting
it in the 97th percentile among its peers, according to Sheshunoff Information
Services. First State Bank's two subsidiaries serviced more than $150 million in
total farm mortgages at yearend 1995, Mr. Rowe said.

Many banks and nonbank mortgage companies originate loans for the secondary farm
mortgage market. But a small rural bank operating two farm mortgage subsidiaries
is unusual, observers said. The two subsidiaries even compete with each other on
occasion.

"I don't know of any other bank that has two subsidiaries doing the same thing,"
said John Nitz, vice president in Prudential Insurance Co.'s agricultural
investments department in Lisle, Ill. First State Bank's subsidiaries are part
of Prudential's nationwide network of about 25 farm mortgage loan originators
from which it buys loans.

Together, the bank's subsidiaries are Prudential's top originator, said James
Etienne, vice president of First State's first mortgage subsidiary, Capital
First Corp.

Capital First, also of Eldorado, began as an originator of fixed-rate
residential loans in 1987.

A year later the government established the Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp.,
a secondary market for mortgages secured by agricultural real estate and rural
housing, commonly known as Farmer Mac.

In 1990 Capital First decided to originate farm mortgage loans as well, which it
does primarily in Illinois, Indiana, Missouri, and Wisconsin. It also joined the
Prudential network.

Under Farmer Mac, lenders such as banks, mortgage companies, insurance
companies, and other farm real estate lenders originate the loans that meet
certain standards. Poolers like Prudential buy the loans and combine them to be
sold as securities in the secondary market. The originators often continue to
service the loans, earning fee income.

Also in 1990, First State Bank acquired American Farm Mortgage, a similar
business in Louisville, Ky., that was seeking a bank partner.

"What's unique about American Farm is the territory we cover," said Don G.
Mattern, vice president. The subsidiary has a network of originators in 39
states, a much wider area than its sister company.

Although both subsidiaries also originate other types of loans, farm mortgages
are their mainstay - and they periodically compete for the same ones.

"There have only been rare occasions where we actually came across the same loan
at the same time," said Mr. Etienne of Capital First. "Typically, whoever
contacted the people first goes ahead and works on the loans."

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING

LENGTH: 564 words

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: includes chart: First State Bank

                      Copyright 1996 American Banker, Inc.


                             134 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                          December 28, 2016 Wednesday

Congress OKs budget patch to avert crisis in farm loans;
AGRICULTURE

BYLINE: Associated Press

SECTION: ; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 545 words


Matt Ubell adds grain to feed last week as he prepares to feed the cattle on his
farm in Wheaton, Kan. Ubell and his two siblings used a Farm Service Agency loan
to buy their parents' farm. Ubell, 34, says he is "pretty highly leveraged right
now" as he and his family prepare to survive in a tough agricultural economy.

WICHITA, KAN. - U.S. farmers drained all available government agricultural loan
money this past fiscal year to get through one of the worst agricultural
downturns in recent years, but no one who qualifies for a farm loan will be
denied in the next four months due to an unusual provision passed this month by
Congress.

The budget patch gives the Agriculture Department's Farm Service Agency
authority to meet the spike in loan demand by using future funding, according to
U.S. Sen. Jerry Moran, a Kansas Republican who chairs an agricultural
appropriations panel. There is no limit to how much the USDA can lend through
April 28 - a victory for farm groups who pressed Washington for the fix to avert
a looming loan crisis.

Already, corn and wheat prices have pushed farmers to the limit, and beef prices
are hurting ranchers. They turned to lenders, leading the FSA to fall short $137
million short of needed direct and guaranteed loan funds in the fiscal year
ending Sept. 30.

When the money ran out, approved loans were funded in the current fiscal year,
piling on to the demand for loans and raising the specter that FSA would again
run out of money before spring - when most farmers need it the most.

"If you are trying to grow a crop and feed a family and pay the bills, it is a
problem," Moran said. "This is one of the most difficult times in agriculture in
a long time."

Operating loans for 2016 are coming due at a time of widespread downturn.
Farmers in Georgia, the Carolinas and Alabama have gotten a double whammy of
drought and flooding. Midwest states are reeling from a glut in global grain
markets that has slashed crop prices, and cotton growers in Georgia and Texas
also are suffering due to low prices. Consumer demand for milk is down. Cattle
prices are falling.

Not as many people are able to pay off their 2016 operating loans, and the next
60 to 90 days will be telling, said Steve Apodaca, vice president for the
American Bankers Association's Center for Agricultural and Rural Banking, based
in Washington, D.C.

Most borrowers will be able to sustain themselves another year, and bankers will
be able to help restructure their loans and add federal guarantees to commercial
loans, Apodaca said. He is not expecting a repeat of the farm crisis of the
1980s, when land values tanked and interest rates were high.

Matt Ubell and his two siblings took out an FSA loan this month to buy their
parents' cattle and crops farm in Wheaton, Kan., but he says the agricultural
economy "has us scared to death." Their balance sheet was just above the
break-even point to qualify for the loan.

"We are kind of starting out fresh. We bought the farm, we bought the equipment
... We are pretty highly leveraged right now," Ubell said.

The 34-year-old farmer and his wife put in long hours to make ends meet for
their four children. His wife is a cook and a nursing assistant. He works at a
lumberyard and delivers liquid feed supplements for cattle.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             135 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Regulator Scrutinizes Below-Market Farm Loans

                             April 22, 1988, Friday

By ROBERT M. GARSSON, Washington Bureau

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Responding to bank industry complaints, the Farm Credit System has acknowledged
that some member institutions may be underpricing loans and warned that it plans
to scrutinize such practices.

In addition, the Farm Credit System Assistance Board told a bank trade group it
will ensure that institutions do not use federal aid to price loans below their
cost of funds and expenses. The board is an agency established to implement last
year's $4 billion Farm Credit System bailout.

The banking industry, which competes with the Farm Credit System, has always
been concerned that the member-owned cooperative uses its government sponsorship
to borrow and lend at below-market rates. Last year's bailout sparked additional
concerns that the system would build market share by using the aid to cut rates
still further.

The Independent Bankers Association of America, which represents 6,500 community
banks, complained about the Farm Credit System lending practices in a March 23
letter to Reagan administration officials. Many IBAA member banks are located in
agricultural communities.

The American Bankers Association also recently criticized the Farm Credit System
for making below-market farm loans.

"It is a common practice for Farm Credit institutions to ascertain rates at
which commercial lenders are extending credit to farm customers and then to
offer credit to such borrowers at rates substantially below the prevailing
market rate," wrote J.R. Nunn, the independent bankers' president, citing
reports from member banks.

Noting that Congress had just completed action on a Farm Credit System bailout,
Mr. Nunn said Farm Credit System institutions "should not be allowed, in effect,
to use federal financial assistance to price loans in a manner which further
weakens and erodes their capital base."

Eric P. Thor, president of the Farm Credit System Assistance Board, responded to
the charges in a letter to Mr. Nunn. Mr. Thor said his agency "was not created
to permit system institutions to incur losses through loan pricing and to have
those losses covered through federal assistance."

In the letter, he said the assistance board will review requests for aid to
"determine whether the institution has been engaging in predatory pricing."

The board will ensure, when it provides assistance, he said, that institutions
do not "engage in new lending activity in a manner that increases the amount of
assistance that may have to be provided."

David C. Baer, director of the Farm Credit System's Office of Examination, said
in a memo to all farm credit system institutions that a "preliminary analysis
indicates that the loan pricing programs of certain institutions may be
resulting in interest rates below market rates."

Some of those institutions, he said, are operating with negative net interest
margins.

Loans that are priced below rates charged by commercial banks and other lenders
in a market and that do not take into account all operating expenses "will be
subject to close review" by the Farm Credit Administration, he said.

Weldon Barton, farm bank lobbyist for the independent bankers' group, said the
agency's response "is a good first step. We need to follow up with enforcement."

SECTION: Pg. 23

LENGTH: 539 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1988 American Banker, Inc.


                             136 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                February 7, 2017

                            HARROWDEN FARMS LIMITED

                         MANOR FARM, 3 ORLINGBURY ROAD
                                GREAT HARROWDEN
                                 WELLINGBOROUGH
                             WELLINGBOROUGH NN9 5AD


TRADE ADDRESS: Wentworth Farm The Slips, WELLINGBOROUGH NN9 5AD

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01933678996
FAX: 01933679379
URL: www.wellingboroughgolfclub.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 00794656

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: March 5, 1964
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 77

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  HARROWDEN FARMS GROUP LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  HARROWDEN FARMS GROUP LIMITED



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name                        Turnover
No.
09297147        HARROWDEN TURF LIMITED                     0
07048770        TURFLAND FARMS LIMITED              5,583,19
                                                           2
06007452        SHRUBHILL FARMS LIMITED                    0
02882084        HARROWDEN FARMS DEVELOPMENTS               0
                LIMITED
02026433        SPEARHEAD TURF LIMITED              3,727,46
                                                           1
-               -                                          -
-               -                                          -
-               -                                          -
-               -                                          -
-               -                                          -

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mrs Tryntje Hilsdon, Farmer
     ·    Mr Frederick George Hilsdon, Managing Director
     ·    Mr John Frederick Hilsdon, Farmer
     ·    Mr Stuart Benjamin Ridd-jones, Finance Director
     ·    Mrs Chantall Sylvette Florence Ridd-jones, Chartered Accountant
     ·    Mrs Amy Hilsdon, Director


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    MrStuart BenjaminRidd-Jones


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: 309468 Growing of non-perennial crops
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated HCO

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
01100 - Growing of crops; market gardening; horticulture
01130 - Growing of fruit, nuts, beverage and spice crops

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2014
FISCAL YEAR END: December 29

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2014
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Group
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  September 12, 2015
ANNUAL RETURN:  May 25, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  547,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   4         3         2
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            37,523,70 36,446,98 35,051,52
                                                   1         3         2
Intangible Assets                             10,068    10,068    10,068
Total Fixed Assets                         37,533,76 36,457,05 35,061,59
                                                   9         1         0
Stocks                                     3,268,425 3,235,457 2,532,694
Debtors                                    1,196,318 1,450,570   848,715
Cash                                          40,712    37,638    67,718
Miscellaneous Current Assets               1,117,532 1,139,159   928,336
Other Current Assets                       1,158,244 1,176,797   996,054
Total Current Assets                       5,622,987 5,862,824 4,377,463
Fixed Assets                               30,148,46 29,123,88 28,263,14
                                                   2         1         4
Intermediate Assets                        7,375,239 7,323,102 6,788,378
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               43,156,75 42,319,87 39,439,05
                                                   6         5         3



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   4         3         2
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                    555,507   407,479   235,028
Bank Overdraft                             1,563,115 1,985,864   512,734
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities          1,047,422 1,217,826   640,162
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                     371,014   446,157   133,943
Due To Group, Current                        150,265       770         -
Due To Directors, Current                    146,314   413,011    31,581
Other Current Liabilities                    676,408   771,669   506,219
Short Term Loans                           1,934,129 2,432,021   646,677
Long Term Loans                            13,776,31 14,014,56 14,264,42
                                                   2         0         0
Long Term Bank Loan                        13,701,55 13,944,80 14,180,95
                                                   2         2         2
Other Long Term Finance                       74,760    69,758    83,468
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                  423,514   389,364   361,677
Total Current Liabilities                  3,166,044 3,611,169 1,387,924
Total Long Term Liabilities                14,199,82 14,403,92 14,626,09
                                                   6         4         7
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          17,365,87 18,015,09 16,014,02
                                                   0         3         1
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry           130,004   130,004   130,004
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve              25,660,88 24,174,77 23,295,02
                                                   2         8         8
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                          25,790,88 24,304,78 23,425,03
                                                   6         2         2
Called Up Share Capital                      130,004   130,004   130,004
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                     16,444,44         -  16010705
                                                   9
NET ASSETS                                 39,990,71 38,708,70 38,051,12
                                                   2         6         9


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                           4         3         2
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales        11,958,39 10,831,13 9,422,505
                           6         1
Cost of Sales      8,482,499 7,774,908 6,041,376
Gross Profit       3,475,897 3,056,223 3,381,129
Operating Profit   1,276,426 1,201,007 1,104,545
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income    665,481   183,632   181,793
Interest Payable     252,766   271,318   239,498
Pretax Profit      1,689,141 1,045,047   998,033
Taxation             254,529   212,573   264,752
Profit After Tax   1,434,612   832,474   733,281
Dividends Payable      2,800     2,800     2,800
Retained Profits   1,431,812   829,674   730,481
Value Added        4,610,536 4,255,040 4,137,689
Capital Employed   39,990,71 38,708,70 38,051,12
                           2         6         9
Net Worth          25,780,81 24,294,71 23,414,96
                           8         4         4
Working Capital    2,456,943 2,251,655 2,989,539
Emp. Renumeration  2,697,591 2,399,572 2,087,434
Dir. Renumeration    120,272   116,919   163,381
Audit Fees             9,345     7,175     6,250
Non-audit Fees        19,506    18,036    19,907
Depreciation         636,519   654,461   945,710
Number of                 77        68        61
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                               31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       4         3         2
                                                     GBP       GBP       GBP
Net Cashflow From Operating Activities         1,940,009 1,100,977 2,071,522
Net Cashflow From Return On Investment And       409,915   -154133   -133284
Servicing Of Finance
Net Cashflow Before Financing                    622,012  -1183364   -273262
Net Cashflow From Financing                      -189523   -313369   472,669
Increase In Cash                                 432,489  -1496733   199,407

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales               10.41  26.91  29.58
Pretax              61.63  69.25   2.84
Total Assets         1.98   9.43   9.54
Current Assets      -4.09  28.45   4.39
Current            -12.33 128.11  31.39
Liabilities
Capital Employed     3.31    5.1   8.12
Employee Wages      12.42  29.23  40.57
Number of           13.24  26.23  35.09
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 5,024 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2014)
SIC Code:
01100 Growing of crops; market gardening; horticulture



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -.04     4.88    15.63
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -.28     3.05     9.52
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -.09     4.05    16.43
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              22.85    87.41   165.91
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       39.54    16.83        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .71     1.47      3.5
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            23,109.5 33,252.4 48,787.0
                                                          8        6        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  15,691.4 21,531.3 28,340.2
                                                          9        5        8
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  46,025.6 102,613. 218,432.
                                                          8        1        6
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  32.41    20.75    10.71



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  10
=         0
Year -1  98
=
Year -2  10
=         0
Year -3  10
=         0

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       4         3         2
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                4.22       2.7      2.62
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                          3.91      2.47      2.53
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)              6.55       4.3      4.26
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                          14.13      9.65     10.59
Sales / Total Assets (%)                           27.71     25.59     23.89
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                             0.4      0.37      0.33
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                        20.55     20.79     31.73
Sales / Stocks                                      3.66      3.35      3.72
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )     36.51     48.88     32.88
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.78      1.62      3.15
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.74      0.73      1.33
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                         60.94      67.7     63.68
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                    0.6      0.57      0.59
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                     53.44     57.69     60.92
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                 13.02     24.53     22.41
Current Liabilities / Stocks                        0.97      1.12      0.55
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees     35,033.6 35,287.82 34,220.23
(GBP)                                                  5
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                  22.56     22.15     22.15
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)       21,936.9 15,368.34  16,361.2
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)               155,303. 159,281.3 154,467.3
                                                       8
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees          519,359. 569,245.7   623,789
                                                       9
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        391,538. 428,292.4 463,330.2
                                                       5
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        560,477. 622,351.1 646,541.9
                                                       4
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                    36.64     24.56     24.12
Value Added / Sales (%)                            38.55     39.29     43.91
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)         59,877.0 62,574.12 67,830.97
                                                       9
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                 1.71      1.77      1.98
Sales / Audit Fees                              1,279.66  1,509.57   1,507.6
Total Assets / Audit Fees                       4,618.17  5,898.24  6,310.25
Creditors / Debtors                                 0.46      0.28      0.28
Total Debt / Working Capital                        6.39       7.3      4.99
Total Debt / Total Assets                           0.36      0.39      0.38

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 39,990,712

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Moore Stephens

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2017


                             137 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                  Copyright 2017 The Financial Post Company
                        Financial Post Corporate Survey

                             Northland Power Inc.
                                  Ticker: NPI

                           1700-30 St. Clair Ave W
                           Toronto, ON,    M4V 3A1
                      (416) 962-6262    FAX:(416) 962-6266


CUSIP:        666511
SIC CODES:    4911
EXCHANGE:     TSX
TYPE:         Industrial & Resource
INCORPORATED: Ontario, Jan. 1, 2011, amalg.
EMPLOYEES:    300 as at Dec. 31, 2015

COMPANY DESCRIPTION:
Owns indirect interests in seven thermal facilities in Ontario and
Saskatchewan; five wind farms in Quebec, Ontario and Germany; and 17
solar facilities in Ontario, Netherlands and Germany.
Thermal Facilities
Owns and operates 841 MW of net thermal generation in Ontario and
Saskatchewan. Thermal facilities generate electricity through
combustion which creates hot expansive gases that spin gas turbines
coupled to electrical generators. Wholly owned operating facilities
consist of a 120-MW natural-gas fired cogeneration facility in Iroquois
Falls, Ont.; a 110-MW electricity and steam generating facility in
Kingston, Ont.; a 265-MW cogeneration facility in Thorold, Ont.; a
86-MW natural-gas fired facility in Spy Hill, Sask.; and a 260-MW
natural-gas fired facility near North Battleford, Sask. Other
facilities consist of a 42-MW biomass and natural-gas fired combined
cycle facility in Cochrane, Ont.; and a 102-MW baseload power plant in
Kirkland Lake, Ont., which are both managed by the company on behalf of
third party, non-voting shareholders.
Wind Facilities
Owns and operates 279.5 MW (net) of wind generation facilities. Wind
turbines harness and convert the kinetic energy of wind into electrical
energy. Wind power projects are less technically complex than
traditional thermal generation projects and can be constructed in a
much shorter time frame. Facilities consist of the 127.5-MW Jardin
d'Eole wind farm near Matane, Que.; the 100.5-MW Mont Louis wind farm
in the Gaspesie region of Quebec; a 50% interest in the 60-MW McLean's
Mountain wind farm in Manitoulin Island, Ont., which commenced
operations in May 2014; the 7.2-MW Kavelstorf and 14.3-MW Eckostadt
wind farms in Germany; and a 50% interest in 100-MW wind farm in Grand
Bend, Ont., which commenced production in April 2016.
Solar Facilities
These facilities use PV technologies to convert sunlight into
electricity. Facilities consist of 13 individual 10-MW projects,
totaling 130 MW, in Ontario; and four rooftop solar facilities,
totaling 1 MW in Ontario.
Projects under construction consist of a 60% equity interest in the
600-MW Gemini wind farm project, 85 km off the coast of the
Netherlands; and 85% equity interest in the 332-MW Nordsee One offshore
wind farm in Germany.
Sales of electricity produced at the cogeneration plants are under
long-term power purchase agreements (PPAs) and long-term contracts
which assure the supply and price of natural gas. The wind farms in
Germany supply electricity to regional power utilities and receive a
fixed tariff for all energy delivered for a 20-year term.
Recent Merger and Acquisition Activity
Announced: 2017-03-03
Status: pending
Northland Power Inc. agreed to acquire Deutsche Bucht, a 252-MW
offshore wind project under advanced development in Germany. The
project is being developed at an estimated cost of Euro1.2 billion.
Northland expects to invest Cdn$400 million of corporate funds with the
balance of the project cost provided by project financing and
pre-completion revenues. Deutsche Bucht is 77 km from Northland's other
German offshore wind project, Nordsee One. Financial closing is
expected mid-2017.
Succeeded Northland Power Income Fund, Jan. 1, 2011, pursuant to plan
of arrangement whereby Northland Power Inc. was formed to facilitate
the conversion of the fund into a corporation and the fund was
subsequently dissolved.

FISCAL YEAR END: 31

TORONTO STOCK EXCHANGE: S&P/TSE COMPOSITE INDICATOR: Yes
S&P/TSE COMPOSITE CODE:    55105010
S&P/TSE COMPOSITE GROUP:   Independent Power Producers & Energy Traders

FINANCIAL POST RANKINGS: SALES RANK:       372
ASSET RANK:       139
INCOME RANK: 423
INDUSTRY GROUP:  FP 500
YEAR RATED:      2016
FP 500:          Yes

PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES: Wholly Owned Subsidiaries - Chapais Power Services Inc.,
Canada.; DK
Burgerwindpark Eckolstadt GmbH & Co. KG, Germany.; DK Windpark
Kavelstorf GmbH & Co. KG, Germany.; Iroquois Falls Power Corp.,
Iroquois Falls, Ont.; Kingston CoGen Limited Partnership, Kingston,
Ont.; Mont-Louis Wind Limited Partnership, Que.; North Battleford Power
Limited Partnership, Sask.; Saint-Ulric Saint-Leandre Wind Limited
Partnership, Que.; Spy Hill Power Limited Partnership, Sask.; Thorold
CoGen Limited Partnership, Thorold, Ont.
Subsidiaries - 60% int. in Buitengaats C.V., Netherlands.; 68% int. in
Canadian Environmental Energy Corporation, Canada. holds 100% int. in
Cochrane Power Corporation, Cochrane, Ont., 100% int. in Kirkland Lake
Power Corp., Kirkland Lake, Ont.; 62.5% int. in Ground-mounted Solar
Partnerships, Canada.; 85% int. in Nordsee One GmbH, Germany.; 60% int.
in ZeeEnergie C.V., Netherlands.
Investments - 50% int. in Grand Bend Wind LP, Canada.; 50% int. in
McLean's Mountain Wind LP, Canada.

EXECUTIVES: James C. Temerty
chair & Director, Toronto, Ont.
Linda L. Bertoldi
corporate secretary & Director, Toronto, Ont.
The Rt. Hon. John N. Turner
Lead Director, Toronto, Ont.
Dr. Marie Bountrogianni
Director, Ont.
Barry K. Gilmour
Director, Ont.
Russell Goodman
Director, Mont-Tremblant, Que.
Salvatore (Sam) Mantenuto
vice-chair & chief operating officer
John W. Brace
chief executive officer
Paul J. Bradley
chief financial officer
Mike Crawley
executive vice-president, bus. devel.
Boris Balan
vice-president, Europe
Gemi (JIm) Cipolla
vice-president, gas & electricity mktg.
David Dougall
vice-president, operations
Dino Gliosca
vice-president, eng.
Greg Lennox
vice-president, const.
John Pires
vice-president & head, M&A & project fin.
Michael D. Shadbolt
vice-president & general counsel
Darryl Bergman
treasurer

STOCK DATA: ............................    Authorized (shs.)Outstanding
(shs.)(1)
Preferred...................            unlimited
Series 1....................            6,000,000            4,501,565
Series 2....................            6,000,000            1,498,435
Series 3....................            4,800,000            4,800,000
Series 4....................            4,800,000                  nil
Common......................            unlimited          171,565,658
Class A.....................           42,478,451            1,000,000
(1) At Nov. 9, 2016
Preferred - Issuable in series. Non-voting unless dividends are in
arrears for at least two years. Series 1 - Entitled to fixed cumulative
preferential annual dividends of $0.8775 payable quarterly to Sept. 30,
2020, and a reset rate every five year thereafter equal to the
five-year Government of Canada bond yield plus 2.8%. Redeemable on
Sept. 30, 2020, and on September 30 every five years thereafter at $25
per share plus declared and unpaid dividends. Convertible at the
holder's option, on Sept. 30, 2020, and on September 30 every five
years thereafter, into floating rate first preferred series 2 shares on
a share-for-share basis, subject to certain conditions. Series 2 -
Entitled to floating cumulative preferential annual dividends payable
quarterly equal to the 90-day Canadian Treasury bill rate plus 2.8%.
Redeemable on Sept. 30, 2020, and on September 30 every five years
thereafter at $25 per share plus declared and unpaid dividends or at
$25.50 per share on any other non-conversion date. Convertible at the
holder's option, on Sept. 30, 2020, and on September 30 every five
years thereafter, into floating rate first preferred series 1 shares on
a share-for-share basis, subject to certain conditions. Series 3 -
Entitled to fixed cumulative preferential annual dividends of $1.25
payable quarterly payable quarterly to Dec. 31, 2017, and a reset rate
every five year thereafter equal to the five-year Government of Canada
bond yield plus 3.46%. Redeemable on Dec. 31, 2017, and on December 31
every five years thereafter at $25 per share plus declared and unpaid
dividends. Convertible at the holder's option, on Dec. 31, 2017, and on
December 31 every five years thereafter, into floating rate first
preferred series 4 shares on a share-for-share basis. The series 4
shares will pay a quarterly dividend equal to the 90-day Canadian
Treasury bill rate plus 3.46%.
Common - One vote per share.
Class A - Convertible into common shares on a 1-for-1 basis. Entitled
to dividends. One vote per share.

DIVIDENDS: NPI com Ra $1.08 pa M est. Dec. 15, 2006(1)
NPI.PR.A pfd ser 1 cum. red. exch. Adj. Ra $0.8775 pa Q est. Dec. 31,
2015
NPI.PR.C pfd ser 3 cum. red. exch. Adj. Ra $1.25 pa Q est. June 29,
2012
NPI.PR.B pfd ser 2 cum. red. exch. Fltg. Ra pa Q
Listed Sep 30/15.
$0.204.....Mar. 31/17
$0.2086.....Dec. 30/16
$0.2105.....Sept. 30/16
$0.2032.....June 30/16
Calendar total: 2017: $0.204; 2016: $0.8242; 2015: $0.2004(i)
(1)Northland Power Income Fund trust unit prior to Jan. 10, 2011.
(i) Initial Payment

OWNERSHIP: James C. Temerty held 33% interest at Mar. 31, 2016.

LONG TERM DEBT: Outstanding long-term debt at Dec. 31, 2015:
Bank credit facility(1).....         $250,064,000
Convertible debs.(2)........          227,695,000
Jardin LP:..................                  ...
6% sr. debt due 2029........          111,032,000
Nordsee LP:.................                  ...
3.3% term loan due 2029.....          101,805,000
Thorold CoGen LP:...........                  ...
Sr. debt due 2030(3)........          323,778,000
Gemini LP:..................                  ...
4.8% term loan due 2031.....        2,185,063,000
Ground-mounted Solar Ptnrshps
.:..........................                  ...
Phase I - 4.4% term loan due
2030........................          218,339,000
Phase II - 5.7% term loan due
 2032........................           78,799,000
Phase III - 5.6% term loan(4)          227,450,000
Mont Louis LP:..............                  ...
6.6% term loan due 2032.....          106,711,000
North Battleford LP:........                  ...
5% term loan due 2032.......          625,896,000
McLean's Mountain Wind LP:...                  ...
6% sr. debt due 2034........          135,200,000
Grand Bend LP:..............                  ...
4.2% term loan due 2035.....          325,645,000
Spy Hill LP:................                  ...
4.1% term loan due 2036.....          146,849,000
 ...........................        5,064,326,000
Less: Current portion.......           78,592,000
 ...........................        4,985,734,000
(1) Consists of $250,000,000 term facility, bearing interest at an
average of 1.5% plus an applicable credit spread due March 2018; and
$450,000,000 revolving facility due March 2020.
(2) Consists of 5% convertible debentures due June 30, 2019, and 4.75%
convertible debentures due June 30, 2020.
(3) Funded 50% by bank lenders and 50% by institutional lenders. The
institutional tranche represents $201,000,000 at the outset, bearing an
interest of 6.32%. The bank tranche represents $199,100,000 at the
outset, bearing an interest at either the prime rate plus an applicable
credit spread or at bankers' acceptance rate plus an applicable credit
spread.
(4) Once term conversion is achieved, the loan would require blended
payments of principal and interest based on an 18-year amortization
period.
Principal payment requirements on long-term debt for the next five
years are as follows(1):
2016........................          $79,365,000
2017........................          115,408,000
2018........................          338,836,000
2019........................          388,827,000
2020........................          429,446,000
Thereafter..................        4,354,974,000
(1) Excludes transaction costs and fair value adjustments.

EARNINGS AND FINANCES: Periods ended:....................    12m Dec. 31/15
12m Dec. 31/14
..................................             $000s             $000s
Operating revenue.................           728,141           760,071
Deprec., depl. & amort............           125,661           120,191
Investment income.................             3,100             5,898
Write-downs/write-offs............          (20,808)          (42,187)
Pre-tax income....................            15,066         (232,962)
Net income........................            27,531         (177,455)
Net inc. for equity hldrs.........             1,143         (106,571)
Net inc. for non-cont. int........            26,388          (70,884)
Current assets....................           593,289           354,401
Long-term investments.............             4,445             4,666
Fixed assets, net.................         5,964,438         3,788,571
Intangibles, net..................           463,936           567,399
Explor./devel. properties.........           155,498           158,485
Total assets......................         7,366,395         4,999,094
Current liabilities...............           416,341           522,145
Long-term debt, net...............         4,985,734         2,875,319
Shareholders' equity..............           993,168           830,811
Non-controlling interest..........           413,900           271,409
Cash from oper. activs............           398,743           366,589
Cash from fin. activs.............         1,793,427         1,524,023
Cash from invest. activs..........       (2,237,717)       (1,808,861)
Net cash position.................           151,927           193,412
Capital expenditures..............       (1,936,435)       (1,814,609)
..................................                 $                 $
Earnings per share...............            (0.07)            (0.82)
Cash flow per share...............              2.38              2.50
Cash divd. per share..............              1.08              1.08
..................................               shs               shs
No. of shs. o/s...................       170,645,251       150,409,892
..................................                 %                 %
Net profit margin.................              3.78           (23.35)
Return on equity..................            (1.85)           (20.29)
Return on assets..................              4.57            (2.06)
 Com, Cl.A & C
Restated accounts shown for 2014-12-31.
Reported in accordance with IFRS for 2015-12-31.
Reported in accordance with IFRS for 2014-12-31.
HISTORICAL SUMMARY
Year End               Oper. Rev.      Net Inc. Bef. Disc.         EPS
                             $000                     $000            $
2015                      728,141                   27,531       (0.07)
2014                      760,071                (177,455)       (0.82)
2013                      557,238                  167,019         1.08
2012                      362,303                  (9,913)       (0.18)
2011                      356,221                 (63,109)       (0.61)
 Com, Cl.A & C
Reported in accordance with IFRS for 2015-12-31.
Reported in accordance with IFRS for 2014-12-31.
Reported in accordance with IFRS for 2013-12-31.
Reported in accordance with IFRS for 2012-12-31.
Reported in accordance with IFRS for 2011-12-31.

CURRENT FINANCIAL POSITION: Periods ended:....................    9m Sept. 30/16

    9m Sept. 30/15
..................................             $000s             $000s
Operating revenue.................           620,500           556,585
Net income........................         (100,176)            18,565
Net inc. for equity hldrs.........          (43,845)           (4,021)
Net inc. for non-cont. int........          (56,331)            22,586
..................................                 $                 $
Earnings per share...............            (0.30)            (0.09)
 Com, Cl.A & C
Reported in accordance with IFRS for 2016-09-30.
Reported in accordance with IFRS for 2015-09-30.

PRICING: Price Range
NPI/TSX
Year                                 High            Low          Close
2016...                            $25.14          $16.9          $23.3
2015...                             $19.2         $14.45         $18.66
2014...                            $18.69         $14.55         $15.29
2013...                            $19.82         $14.07         $15.48
2012...                            $19.55         $16.54         $18.67
2011...                               $18         $14.59         $17.93
NPI.UN/TSX
Year                                 High            Low          Close
2011...                            $16.24         $15.63         $16.14
2010...                            $16.43          $11.7         $15.66
2009...                            $12.05          $9.18         $11.94
2008...                             $13.5          $8.45          $11.6
2007...                            $14.66         $11.96         $12.24

CAPITAL CHANGES: In March 2015, bought deal public offering of 14,437,500 common
shares
and private placement of 3,125,000 common shares, all at $16 per share,
were completed. In September 2015, 1,498,435 preferred series 1 shares
were converted into a like number of preferred series 2 shares. Also
during 2015, common shares were issued as follows: 2,557,561 under
dividend reinvestment plan and 115,298 under long-term incentive plan.

AUDITOR: Ernst & Young LLP, Toronto, Ont.

LENGTH: 949 words

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2017


                             138 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            January 12, 1987, Monday

FARM LOAN PROGRAM FACES CUTS IN BUDGET PROPOSAL

BYLINE: (AP)

SECTION: COMMODITIES, Pg. 16B

LENGTH: 525 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Farmers Home Administration's loan program to help hard-pressed farmers stay
in business will come in for some radical surgery if Congress goes along with
President Reagan's budget proposals.

In the Food Security Act of 1985, lawmakers specified that the FmHA provide $ 4
billion a year under the agency's farm credit programs, which include loans o
help farmers pay operating expenses and to buy farms.

The $ 4 billion annual level was to be in effect for three years through the
1988 fiscal year that will begin Oct. 1.

Under the Reagan budget proposal, the FmHA's overall operation would be reduced
39 percent in fiscal 1988 to slightly less than $ 5 billion from the $ 8.2
billion Congress has appropriated for 1987.

Although most of the $ 3.2 billion in cuts would come in programs for rural
housing and rural development, some $ 500 million would be carved out of the
farm credit programs, reducing those to $ 3.5 billion next year.

Moreover, Mr. Reagan's blueprint calls for the FmHA to cut nearly $ 2 billion
from the Agriculture Department agency's overall budget for 1987. These
hold-backs or recisions would all come from housing and rural development
programs.

For example, 1987 rural housing programs were appropr iated at $ 2.19 billion.
But if Congress allows the recisions, those would be reduced to $ 668 million
this year.

In 1988, under the Reagan plan, FmHA rural housing loans would stop and a
''housing voucher" system adopted at the level of $ 378 million. Officials said
it would be similar to low-income housing assistance offered by the Department
of Housing and Urban Development.

According to the USDA's budget analysis, farmers can expect the FmHA to
emphasize loan guarantees even more heavily than it has in the past. Under that
procedure, a farmer deals with a bank or other commercial lender, with the FmHA
underwriting the loan.

In 1986, the FmHA handled about $ 1.37 billion in loan guarantees and made $ 2.2
billion in direct loans to farmers. The 1987 appropriations bill provided $ 2.17
in guarantees and $ 1.425 billion in direct loans. Those are the levels the FmHA
expects to operate at this year.

But in 1988, when the Reagan budget plan would reduce farm operating loans to $
3.5 billion, guarantees would total $ 2.5 billion and direct loans $ 1 billion.

Real estate or farm ownership loans, meanwhile, were $ 569 million in 1986 and
reduced to $ 425 million by Congress, the level expected by the FmHA in 1987.
Lawmakers boosted the program to $ 520 million for 1988.

"While the FmHA will discontinue real estate loans, continued farm ownership
assistance will be provided to family-sized farmers through servicing actions
authorized by the farm bill, including the subdivision and sale of land
inventory (held by the agency), buy-back arrangements and installment sales,"
the USDA report said.

The FmHA has increased its nationwide staff from about 11,200 employees in 1983
to 12,675 this year to help serve a growing case load, the report said.

As of last Sept. 30, the FmHA had $ 29.5 billion in farm loans outstanding,
about one-sixth of the U.S. farm debt.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1987 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             139 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                               May 9, 2010 Sunday

Biz report for May 9

BYLINE: Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 416 words


May 9--ON THE MOVE

--Kacie Vaughn, a real estate agent since 1995, has moved her business to Sears
Real Estate. Contact her at (970) 301-3906, kvaughn@searsrealestate.com

Elaine Bradley, an agent since 2005, also has joined Sears. Contact her at (970)
397-6626, elaineb@searsrealestate.com

Both can be reached at Sears Real Estate (970) 330-7700. Go to
www.searsrealestate.com for full agent profiles of both of them.

PORTFOLIO

--Mountain Plains Farm Credit Services has reported net income of $6.3 million
for the first quarter of 2010, which ended March 31. That compares with a net
income of $1.5 million for the first quarter of 2009.

Terry Anders, president and CEO, said the increase is primarily due to increases
in net interest income, patronage income from the association's funding bank,
and decreases in operating expenses and the provision for loan losses.

"Following a volatile 2009, we are experiencing positive results because of
aggressive steps we took last year to actively manage our loan portfolio and
decrease operating expenses. With early signs that the global recession is
easing, we are optimistic that 2010 will be a better year for the industry we
serve," Anders said in a press release.

Loans outstanding at the end of the first quarter were $1.13 billion, compared
with $1.14 billion at yearend 2009. Total assets were $1.15 billion, compared
with $1.2 billion as of Dec. 31, 2009.

A copy of the first quarter report is available at www.ifeedtheworld.com.

UPCOMING

--Mineral owners ... The Rockies Chapter of the National Association of Mineral
Owners will meet 9:30-11:30 a.m. Saturday at the Event Center in Island Grove
Regional Park. The meeting will be in Room A.

Experts in the field of mineral ownership will cover understanding leases and
deciphering check stub details, helpful Internet tools, tracking production and
payments, and dealing with surface damages, among other topics. A question and
answer session will follow the presentations.

Reservations may be made at (303) 423-4392 or by e-mail to ckoeneke@hotmail.com
Refreshments will be provided.

To see more of the Greeley Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.greeleytribune.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Greeley Tribune, Colo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100509-GY-Biz-report-for-May-9-0509

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2010 Greeley Tribune


                             140 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                              June 5, 2016 Sunday

agriculture briefs

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald

SECTION: D; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 347 words


Dyersville student on ISU's successful soil judging team

Brandon Walls, of Dyersville, Iowa, was a member of the Iowa State University
Soil Judging Team that recently placed second in the American Society of
Agronomy National Collegiate Soils Contest at Kansas State University.

Walls, an agronomy and environmental science junior, joined eight other members
during the week-long event. Students evaluated soils based on texture,
structure, color, classification and suitability for a variety of uses.

Extension given for recording farm organization structures

A one-time, 30-day extension to the June 1 deadline for recording farm
organization structures related to Actively Engaged in Farming determinations
has been allowed by Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack.

This date is used to determine the level of interest an individual holds in a
legal entity for the applicable program year.

Farming operations now have until July 1 to complete their restructuring or
finalize any operational change.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture issued the extension in response to farmers
and ranchers who requested more time to comply, and to assure that everyone has
enough time to provide their information under the new rules.

For more information, visit www.usda.gov/results.

Agency offering loan aid

for under-served applicants

The Wisconsin Farm Service Agency continues to offer targeted farm ownership and
farm operating loans to assist under-served applicants as well as beginning
farmers and ranchers.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture has defined the following groups as
under-served: women, African-Americans, American Indians and Alaskan Natives,
Hispanics and Asians and Pacific Islanders.

Under-served or beginning farmers and ranchers who cannot obtain commercial
credit from a bank can apply for FSA direct or guaranteed loans.

Direct loans are made to applicants by FSA for two options - farm ownership
loans and farm operating loans.

For more information, visit www.fsa.usda.gov/farmloans or contact your local FSA
office.

A list of offices can be found at offices.usda.gov. Telegraph Herald

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             141 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Rabobank Vies to Become Major U.S. Farm Lender

                           September 19, 2003, Friday

BY BEN JACKSON



Rabobank Group expects the purchase of a prominent farm real estate lender to
help it become a household name in American agriculture.

The $358 billion-asset Dutch banking company is mostly known here as a lender to
agribusiness giants such as Cargill Inc. and Archer Daniels Midland Co. Last
year it entered the more traditional farm lending market in California by buying
Valley Independent Bank in El Centro.

On Tuesday, Rabobank an-nounced that it would pay $45 million in cash for Lend
Lease Agri-Business Inc. of St. Louis, which would expand its retail operations
nationwide. The sale is expected to close Sept. 30; Lend Lease is to be renamed
Rabobank Agrifinance.

"The direction is clear: We're going from agribusiness to agriculture," said Cor
Broekhuyse, the head of the Americas for Rabobank International.

Rabobank Agrifinance will focus on real estate lending, Mr. Broekhuyse said.
Community banks in the Farm Belt need not worry about competing with it for
operating loans, he said. Though it will not turn down opportunities to make
such loans, for the time being it will seek this and other retail business from
farmers only in California.

Lend Lease specializes in making real estate loans and selling them in the
secondary market to insurance companies, Farmer Mac, and farm credit
institutions. Over time, Mr. Broekhuyse said, more loans will be sold to
Rabobank or its Valley Independent subsidiary.

John Blanchfield, the director of the American Bankers Association's Center for
Agricultural and Rural Banking, said the deal probably does not mean new
competition for community banks. Lend Lease has been a good partner for banks in
funding large real estate deals and sharing loans, he said. He does not expect
Rabobank to make big changes, because it would hurt the business it is buying.

Lend Lease, which manages about $2.6 billion of loans, has 25 local
representatives scattered across the country and two regional offices, in
Stockton, Calif., and St. Louis. Rick Henderson, the company's president and
chief operating officer, would become Rabobank Agrifinance's chief executive.

Mr. Henderson said that Lend Lease has successful working relationships with
community banks in its markets, often handling loans that exceed their lending
limits. In addition, he said, a bank will often refer a farmer looking for a
real estate loan to Lend Lease and then make the operating loans itself.

Mr. Broekhuyse said that Lend Lease's average loan is $750,000 and that its
lenders work directly with farmers.

The Dutch company, one of the world's largest agricultural lenders, is not done
with expanding in this country, he said. It will be looking for a
crop-production or other specialty lender, or it may use its deep pockets to
build such businesses on is own.

Rabobank wants to "have every product on our shelves for farmers," Mr.
Broekhuyse said.

Copyright 2003 Thomson Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.thomsonmedia.com http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 502 words

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo, Broekhuyse

                      Copyright 2003 American Banker, Inc.


                             142 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             India Investment News

                      August 3, 2016 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Farmland Partners Reports Results for Quarter Ended June 30, Announces Second
Quarter Revenue of $6.0 Million - 109% Period-Over-Period Increase

LENGTH: 1280  words


Aug. 3 -- Farmland Partners Inc. (NYSE: FPI) (the "Company") today reported
financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2016.

Second Quarter Highlights

* Reported operating revenue of $6.0 million for the quarter ended June 30,
2016, a 109% increase over the same period last year

* Reported net income of $1.3 million for the quarter ended June 30, 2016, an
808% increase over the same period last year

* Reported Adjusted EBITDA of $4.0 million for the quarter ended June 30, 2016,
a 43% increase over the same period last year

* Completed acquisitions of 3,622 acres of farmland for an aggregate purchase
price of approximately $11.5 million

* Sold 696,607 shares of our common stock under our "at-the-market" offering
program at a volume weighted average price per share of $11.16 and generated net
proceeds of approximately $7.7 million

* Announced the inclusion of our common stock to the Russell 3000 Index, Russell
2000 Index, and Russell Global Index

* Declared a dividend of $0.1275 per share ($0.51 annualized) for the second
quarter of 2016 - a 4.27% distribution rate based on the Company's closing stock
price on Wednesday, August 3, 2016

"We have completed another good quarter with outstanding growth and revenue and
we continue to build our operating infrastructure to lay the foundation for
efficient future growth in the Company's assets, revenues and profitability,"
said Paul A. Pittman, CEO of the Company.

Third Quarter 2016 Dividend Declaration

The Company also announced that its Board of Directors has approved a quarterly
cash dividend of $0.1275 per share to be paid on October 14, 2016 to
stockholders of record at close of business on September 30, 2016. The
annualized dividend of $0.51 per share represents an annual distribution rate of
4.27% based on the Company's closing stock price on Wednesday, August 3, 2016.

New Indebtedness

On April 14, 2016, the Company closed on a ten-year $21.0 million term loan
advance with an interest rate of 2.66%, which is fixed until March 29, 2019,
pursuant to the previously disclosed agreement with Metropolitan Life Insurance
Company ("MetLife") that was entered into on March 29, 2016 and provides for a
total of $127.0 million of term loans.

On June 29, 2016, the Company entered into a new $15.7 million term loan
agreement with MetLife. The loan has a term of ten years and bears interest at
the greater of (a) three-month LIBOR plus an initial floating rate spread of
1.75% or (b) 2.00%, subject to certain adjustments. This MetLife loan was fully
drawn at the end of the quarter.

Acquisition Activity

In the second quarter of 2016, the Company acquired eight farms in six states as
follows:

* One farm in Colorado totaling 1,261 acres for a purchase price of $1.8 million

* Two farms in Georgia totaling 487 acres for an aggregate purchase price of
$1.5 million

* Two farms in Illinois totaling 280 acres for an aggregate purchase price of
$2.6 million

* One farm in Mississippi totaling 624 acres for a purchase price of $2.3
million

* One farm in South Carolina totaling 330 acres for a purchase price of $1.5
million

* One farm in Texas totaling 640 acres for a purchase price of $1.8 million

During the second quarter of 2016, the Company entered into contracts for the
acquisition of nine farms totaling 5,477 acres in Colorado, Florida, Georgia,
Illinois, Kansas, South Carolina and Texas for an aggregate purchase price of
$23.8 million. Five of these transactions closed in the quarter and are listed
above, and the remaining farms are expected to close in the third quarter of
2016.

In addition, subsequent to June 30, 2016, the Company entered into contracts for
the acquisition of three farms in Arkansas, Georgia and Illinois totaling 1,574
acres for an aggregate purchase price of $4.8 million, including 69,961 common
units of limited partnership interest in the Company's operating partnership
("OP Units"). All three acquisitions are expected to close in the second half of
2016, subject to customary closing conditions.

Operating Results

The Company owns or has under contract 270 farms in Arkansas, Colorado, Florida,
Georgia, Illinois, Kansas, Louisiana, Michigan, Mississippi, Nebraska, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Texas and Virginia totaling approximately 115,214
acres, including four farms totaling 3,974 acres under contract.

The Company recorded rental income of $5.9 million and net income of $1.3
million for the three months ended June 30, 2016, as compared to rental income
of $2.8 million and net income of $0.1 million for the same period in 2015. The
Company recorded basic net income available to common stockholders of $0.00 per
share for the three months ended June 30, 2016, as compared to $0.00 for the
same period in 2015. The Company recorded rental income of $10.3 million and net
loss of $0.6 million for the six months ended June 30, 2016, as compared to
rental income of $4.8 million and net loss of $0.05 million for the same period
in 2015. The Company recorded basic net loss available to common stockholders of
$0.15 per share for the six months ended June 30, 2016, as compared to $0.03 for
the same period in 2015.

The majority of our tenants pay at least 50% of their annual rent in advance of
each spring planting season. Consistent with industry practice for cash rents,
when we make new acquisitions in the first half of the year, we often will
receive 100% of the year's rent at closing. However, the Company recognizes
revenue on a straight-line basis throughout the entire multi-year term of the
lease, as required by GAAP. Actual cash rent receipts for the three months ended
June 30, 2016 were $2.6 million, as compared to $6.8 million for the three
months ended June 30, 2015.

Adjusted Funds from Operations and Adjusted EBITDA1

Adjusted Funds from Operations ("AFFO") was $1.2 million for the three months
ended June 30, 2016, as compared to $1.7 million for the three months ended June
30, 2015, and $2.9 million for the six months ended June 30, 2016, as compared
to $2.1 million for the six months ended June 30, 2015. AFFO per fully diluted
share was $0.06 for the three months ended June 30, 2016 and $0.16 for the six
months ended June 30, 2016.

Adjusted EBITDA was $4.0 million for the three months ended June 30, 2016, as
compared to $2.8 million for the three months ended June 30, 2015, and $9.9
million for the six months ended June 30, 2016, as compared to $4.0 million for
the six months ended June 30, 2015.

See "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for complete definitions of AFFO and Adjusted
EBITDA and the financial tables accompanying this press release for
reconciliations of net income to AFFO and Adjusted EBITDA.

Conference Call Information

The Company has scheduled a conference call on Thursday, August 4, 2016 at 11:00
a.m. (Eastern Time) to discuss its financial results for the quarter ended June
30, 2016 and provide a company update. The conference call can be accessed live
over the phone toll-free by dialing (866) 262-6804, or for international
callers, by dialing (412) 902-4107. Participants can reference the Farmland
Partners Inc. Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. The conference call will also
be available via a live listen-only webcast and can be accessed through the
Investor Relations section of the Company's website, www.farmlandpartners.com. A
replay of the conference call will be available beginning August 4, 2016 at 1:00
p.m. (Eastern Time) until August 18, 2016 at 11:59 p.m. (Eastern Time), by
dialing (877) 344-7529 (U.S.) or (412) 317-0088 (International); passcode:
10090825. A replay of the webcast will also be accessible on the Investor
Relations website for a limited time following the event.

Source: Farmland Partners

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             143 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                           February 18, 2010 Thursday

Loans aim to help struggling farmers

BYLINE: By Tony Dobrowolski, Berkshire Eagle Staff

SECTION: BUSINESS; Headlines

LENGTH: 601 words


Friday February 19, 2010

PITTSFIELD -- Last summer's wet weather didn't just hurt tourism in the
Berkshires, it affected the growing season, too.

"It was a really, really hard year," said Barbara Zheutlin, the executive
director of Berkshire Grown of Great Barrington, an organization that supports
local agriculture.

To give small farmers a financial boost, MassDevelopment has joined with two
nonprofit organizations to form a small farm loan program that will provide
loans ranging from $3,000 to $15,000 for eligible farmers across the state. The
funds are intended to help farmers finance capital investments and meet
operating costs.

Capital investments covered in the loan include those that improve efficiency
and quality, or that expand farm production or sales. Also eligible are expenses
related to repairs that are necessary to maintain farm operations, operating
needs such as inventory, supplies or labor for expansion, and emergency funds
that result from natural disasters such as fires.

"We're very excited about it," said Zheutlin, whose organization counts 197
restaurants, farms, markets and other agricultural entities as members. "Farmers
need support at many stages in their farming lives."

"I think generally with what's been happening with the credit markets, any
alternative source of funding is important for farming in Massachusetts," said
Scott Soares, the commissioner of the state Department of Agricultural
Resources.

The two nonprofits, Strolling of the Heifers and The Carrot Project, launched a
microloan fund for farmers in both Vermont and Western Massachusetts last year
that had five recipients, including Mighty Foods Farm, a Community Sustainable
Agriculture (CSA) farm in Pownal, Vt. No Berkshire County farms applied for the
loans last year, said Dorothy Suput, The Carrot Project's executive director.

MassDevelopment's involvement has allowed the program to be offered across the
state this year, according to spokeswoman Kelly Abbruzzese. The Carrot Project,
a Somerville nonprofit that creates financing solutions for small and mid-size
farms, will administer this year's program with MassDevelopment.

"We partnered with MassDevelopment because we really wanted to work in the
entire state," Suput said. "The alternative for us was to work with different
banks. We just thought it made more sense to work with one partner."

Farmers who either own or lease farms in Massachusetts are eligible for the
loans, but the focus is on farms that have 250 or fewer acres under cultivation,
report annual revenues of under $250,000, and use or are moving toward organic
methods.

While the number of Berkshire County farms increased from 401 to 522 between
2002 and 2007, the average size decreased from 171 acres to 127, according to
the state agricultural census, which is compiled in five-year intervals.

More than half of Berkshire County's farms currently have 250 acres or less,
said Aimee Thayer, the executive director of the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Berkshire County Farm Service Bureau in Pittsfield. Zheutlin said
the majority of the 90 farms that belong to Berkshire Grown fit the criteria for
the loan program.

"It doesn't mean that they all need or want loans," she said. "It means that
those that do need or want them can have a place to go. It's really great for
the local economy."

Zheutlin said the loan program could really help the county's non-traditional
farmers.

"We have people farming [now], who didn't grow up on farms," she said. "Those
people are particularly helped by this fund."

To reach Tony Dobrowolski:
 TDobrowolski@berkshireeagle.com
(413) 496-6224

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             144 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 12, 2009 Tuesday

Loan limbo frustrates farmers

BYLINE: Chris Casey, Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 957 words


May 12--Many area farmers are anxious to know if newly announced federal funding
will come fast enough because they can't get their loans, originated at a
now-closed Greeley bank, moved to other credit-squeezed banks.

One Fort Morgan farmer broke down in tears Monday morning as he spoke to
Colorado's congressional delegation at the Morgan County Fairgrounds in Brush.
He said he's under a 30-day deadline to find new financing for his cattle and
farm operation or face liquidation.

"We don't have another 30 days to make that happen," Gary Teague said. "We have
to get that seed in the ground or we don't have a corn crop this summer."

The ripple effect of the closure of New Frontier Bank was on full display as
more than 100 farmers crowded into the 4-H building to hear the credit
announcement by U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack, along with Gov. Bill
Ritter, U.S. Sens. Mark Udall and Michael Bennet, and Rep. Betsy Markey.

Vilsack last week authorized the transfer of unused Farm Service Agency
subsidized guaranteed operating loan funds to the agency's direct operating loan
program, following a request by the Colorado lawmakers.

The transfer will provide an additional $110 million of direct operating loan
funds and $143 million of unsubsidized guaranteed operating loan funds.

The most emotional comments in the 90-minute forum came from Teague, who drew a
standing ovation from frustrated farmers.

Teague told Vilsack that farmers like himself don't need a bailout -- he's
current on loan payments on his $50 million operation that employs 155 people in
Weld and Morgan counties -- but he needs assurance he can quickly secure credit
through another bank. He said Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. officials, who
shut down New Frontier, told him he must get new financing within 30 days.

"I just need someone to slow the process down so I can move my loan to another
bank," said Teague, who co-owns 15-year-old Teague Diversified Inc. "... We have
a lot of livestock that has to be fed every day and employees that need to be
paid."

Vilsack said FSA will send additional personnel to northeastern Colorado to
ensure loan applications are processed quickly. He said he would talk with the
FDIC chairwoman Monday to see if there's a way to give farmers and ranchers more
time to secure financing for loans left in limbo by New Frontier's closure. He
gave Teague his business card and said "someone will get back to you today."

The Tribune attempted to reach Teague late Monday afternoon to see if that was
the case, but he did not return messages.

New Frontier Bank had $448 million in agriculture loans when it closed Friday.
Of that, payments on $107 million in loans were at least 30 days late. By
comparison, through fourth-quarter 2008, $79 million of the bank's agriculture
loans were past due.

Another farmer said many in the room were family farmers who have smaller
operations than Teague but likewise are current on their loans. They also are
looking for answers, he said.

"We will do everything we can do to carry back (to Washington) the message we're
hearing today," Bennet said. "Whatever is possible, we will get them to do."

The FSA has experienced a dramatic increase in loan demand in the current fiscal
year, Vilsack said. With the federal funds transfer, the agency will provide
about 1,900 family farmers nationwide with direct operating loan assistance and
620 more with guaranteed operating loans.

Vilsack said the FSA's additional $110 million in direct loans should help
financially stressed farmers. He said the additional infusion of guaranteed
operating loans will help reduce the risks to community banks looking at new
loans.

A woman who raises naturally fed beef complained that she can't qualify for the
FSA loans because she derives some income from nonfarm sources. She said it
creates a Catch-22 because she can't make a living without the additional
income.

Vilsack said he was hopeful the additional FSA workers being deployed would
speed loans to applicants. He said he would contact officials in Washington to
try to get answers to some of the specific credit-related questions posed at the
forum.

While biofuels, commodity markets, wind farms and the issue of environmental
responsibility vs. economic profitability took up some discussion, the meeting's
emphasis was on credit stress.

"We are in that once-in-a-hundred-years economic and banking crisis. That's what
we're facing," Bennet said.

Many northeastern Colorado farmers are enduring the fallout of a major lender
whose assets are frozen, the senator added. The additional FSA loans are an
attempt to loosen credit so banks will "actually be able to lend in a community
like this."

Another farmer wanted assurance the money being transferred by the U.S.
Department of Agriculture will be closely monitored. Some expressed concern the
government may be over-reaching in attempts to stabilize the financial crisis.

Vilsack responded that the USDA is taking steps to promote efficiency and
accountability.

"We will with the next budget, 2011, do a much more thorough review of all
aspects of the budget and determine where all the money is spent," he said.

Another farmer summed up the sentiment of many in the room when he told the
assembled Washington politicians, "everybody needs to work to get these (farmers
and ranchers) their money."

To see more of the Greeley Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.greeleytribune.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Greeley Tribune, Colo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090512-GY-Loan-limbo-frustrates-farmers-0512

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2009 Greeley Tribune


                             145 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 3, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Sen. Moran Statement on Additional Funding for FSA Loans

LENGTH: 327  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Jerry Moran has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Jerry Moran (R-Kan.), Chairman of the Senate Agriculture
Appropriations Committee, today joined U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Farm Service Agency (FSA) Administrator Val Dolci in announcing that additional
funding will be made available to assist more than 1,900 producers who have been
approved for operating loans.





 "Access to credit is essential to keeping American farmers in business,
especially in the context of a farm economy as poor as it is right now," said
Sen. Moran. "FSA operating loans often serve as both the only line of credit
available to beginning farmers and the last resort for producers without access
to commercial lending. As chairman of the Senate Agriculture Appropriations
Subcommittee, I will continue to work with USDA to make certain the demand for
FSA operating loans is met. Farmers need every tool available to them as they
deal with the strain of declining crop prices and revenues."



 Background

 Increased demand for FSA direct and guaranteed operating loans brought about a
shortfall in available funds for fiscal year 2016 and left FSA unable to provide
loans to more than 1,900 approved applicants. The Senate Agriculture
Appropriations Subcommittee's approval this week of USDA's request to reprogram
funding allowed the department to make additional funds available to help reduce
the loan shortage.



 The funds will leverage up to $185 million in additional lending for FSA
operating loans, reducing the backlog of approved borrowers and bridging the gap
until more funds are made available at the beginning of the next fiscal year on
October 1, 2016. The Senate Agriculture Appropriations bill fully funds FSA
direct and guaranteed operation loans at the requested amount for next fiscal
year.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             146 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 7, 2016 Friday

Washington: Hoeven Working to Support Farmers and Ranchers, Create Strong
Business Climate, Provide Veterans with Care Close to Home

LENGTH: 1134  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator John Hoeven has issued the following news
release:



 Senator John Hoeven today hosted a roundtable discussion with Langdon community
leaders to outline his efforts in Washington to help North Dakota farmers and
ranchers; create a strong business climate for small business; and care for
North Dakota veterans. Following the roundtable, Hoeven joined leaders at Cando
Pasta to review operations at the North Dakota pasta plant.





 "We're working to support our producers and small businesses by creating a
better businesses climate and providing regulatory certainty," said Hoeven.
"These job creators are the backbone of our economy, which is why we continue
working to ensure they have the tools and support they need to succeed."



 SUPPORTING NORTH DAKOTA PRODUCERS AND SMALL BUSINESSES



 Capital for Farmers and Ranchers Act



 Hoeven introduced the Capital for Farmers and Ranchers Act with cosponsor
Senator Amy Klobuchar (D-Minn.). The legislation will:



 o Increase the maximum loan amount that an individual farmer or rancher is able
to receive under the Farm Service Agency's Direct and Guaranteed Loan Programs
for Farm Operating Loans and Farm Ownership Loans.

 o Help producers weather the downturn. For example, it increases the FSA loan
guarantee amount, which will now cover up to $2.5 million, up from $1.39
million. The bill will also double the amount on Direct Operating and Direct
Farm Ownership Loans from $300,000 to $600,000.



 Ensuring Affordable Fertilizer/Preventing OSHA's Anhydrous Rule



 Hoeven worked to stop the Occupational Safety and Health Administration's
(OSHA's) anhydrous rule, which threatened to prevent rural retailers from
selling anhydrous ammonia, a nitrogen fertilizer that is critically important to
producers. Hoeven has been working to prevent the new regulation, which the D.C.
District Court of Appeals stopped late last month, including:



 o In December 2015, the senator introduced and worked to pass legislation
preventing OSHA from implementing the regulation in 2016, which would have
forced agricultural retail facilities to comply with the same chemical storage
requirements as a wholesale facility.

 o Earlier this year, Hoeven included language in the Senate Fiscal Year 2017
Labor-HHS appropriations bill prohibiting OSHA from implementing it in 2017. The
legislation passed out of committee by a large bipartisan majority vote.

 o The senator sent a letter to Labor Secretary Thomas Perez earlier this year
calling on him to work through the formal rule-making process, engage with local
stakeholders and respond to the Freedom of Information Act Requests submitted by
the North Dakota Department of Agriculture. Last month, Hoeven also arranged a
meeting between senior Department of Labor officials and North Dakota retailers.




 Stopping the Waters of the U.S. (WOTUS) Regulations



 o The Fiscal Year (FY) 2016 funding bill included language to prevent the
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) from reinstating the Waters of the U.S.
Interpretive Rule, which preserves the general ag exemption from the Clean Water
Act for farmers and ranchers.

 o As an Appropriations Committee member, Hoeven included language in the FY
2017 appropriations bill for the Dept. of Interior and EPA preventing the
implementation of EPA's WOTUS rule next year as well.

 o The senator has also called on the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to comply
with the nationwide stay on implementing the WOTUS rule by the U.S. Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit.



 CARING FOR NORTH DAKOTA VETERANS



 Veterans Care Coordination Initiative



 Hoeven has been working to provide veterans in North Dakota with care close to
home. Earlier this week, the senator announced the Veterans Care Coordination
Initiative, a pilot program, enabling veterans seeking care through the Veterans
Choice Program to coordinate all their health care needs through the Fargo VA
Medical Center, rather than a third party administrator.



 o The new Veterans Care Coordination initiative will help veterans in North
Dakota and western Minnesota access care in the community when VA facilities are
not available or timely.

 o In addition, providers can work with the Fargo VA to improve provider
reimbursements and reduce denials of veterans' claims.

 o The Veterans Care Coordination initiative grew out of a series of veterans'
listening sessions and roundtables Hoeven held around the state. Beginning
nearly a year ago in Williston, he heard about a range of problems veterans were
experiencing when trying to schedule and access health care through Health Net.
Problems included dropped appointments, long wait times and other obstacles to
getting care. He met with veterans in large cities like Fargo, Bismarck and
Dickinson, as well as small communities like Bottineau and Steele, all
encountering similar problems. The senator then secured a commitment from VA
Secretary Bob McDonald to launch the pilot program to address the issue.



 Record Funding for Veterans



 As a member of the Senate Veterans and Military Affairs Appropriations
Committee, Hoeven worked to provide strong funding to provide the nation's
veterans with the services and care they earned serving our nation. Congress
recently passed the Fiscal Year 2017 Veterans Affairs Appropriations bill, which
provides record funding for the nation's veterans.



 WORKING TO ADDRESS THE OPIOID EPIDEMIC



 o Hoeven authored the Illegal Synthetic Drug Safety Act of 2016, which Hoeven
recently introduced with Senator Chris Coons (D-Del.) closes a loophole in
current law that enables companies to circumvent the law and sell synthetic
variations of drugs, like the powerful drug fentanyl, by labeling the products
as "not for human consumption."

 o Laboratories, many of which are found in China, are altering the molecular
structure of fentanyl and other controlled drugs to make substances that are
technically different, but with the same dangerous risks as the original drug.
These chemically altered substances are known as analogues.

 o For example, fentanyl is a synthetic opioid drug that is medically used as a
pain killer. The Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) estimates that it is 50
times more potent than heroin and 100 times more potent than morphine. While
fentanyl is a controlled substance, laboratories are altering its molecular
structure to make variations of the drug that are technically different, but
just as dangerous. Companies are then able to sell the variations, or analogues,
under a "not for human consumption" label.

 o The Illegal Synthetic Drug Safety Act of 2016 closes that loophole.

 o The measure has been endorsed by the Federal Law Enforcement Officers
Association,



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             147 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Failure a Week Forecast for Iowa If Crisis Continues

                            February 8, 1985, Friday

By ANDREA BENNETT

DATELINE: CHICAGO


Fifty banks could fail in Iowa this year if nothing is done to ease the farm
credit crisis, according to a prime mover in a campaign to set up a state farm
guarantee authority.

But bankers dispute that view, saying that while more banks will fail in Iowa
than last year, that number should be nowhere near 50. Three banks failed in the
state in 1984.

''Our banks are at risk,'' said David Nagle, Democratic state chairman and a
driving force behind finding a solution. ''Some estimate 12 banks will fail this
year, some estimate 50.''

Mr. Nagle, who called a summit meeting of various farm and state groups to
discuss the farm crisis last week, had been quoted in Iowa newspapers as saying
if no action was taken, the state could lose one bank a week.

''I'm comfortable with that figure,'' he said in a telephone interview Tuesday.

But Howard Hall, deputy superintendent of the Iowa Banking Department, replied:
''I don't think we've ever said 50 banks will fail. The only thing we've said is
we could easily lose more than we did last year, which was three.

''We're not predicting anything,'' he added. ''We have no crystal ball.''

Thomas Huston, state banking superintendent, has said in state legislative
hearings that 133 of the state's 670 banks have ''more than normal problems.''
But he did not specify what portion of those banks were in danger of failing.

Mr. Nagle called a meeting of farm and state labor groups in Des Moines last
Saturday. It produced a consensus on a legislative plan of action that would
allow farmers to get operating loans for the coming year. Various studies have
shown that between 15% and 20% of the state's 115,000 farmers won't be able to
get operating loans in 1985, Mr. Nagle said.

''Farmers need the money by March 1,'' he said, adding that ''critical action''
must be taken to get them these loans within the next 30 days.

Among the groups attending the meeting were the Iowa Federation of Labor, Iowa
State Education Association, Iowa Association of Realtors, Iowa Farm Unity
Coalition, American Agriculture Movement, National Farmers Organization, and the
Iowa Farmers Union.

The Iowa Bankers Association was invited to the meeting but opted not to attend.

The meeting drafted a legislative proposal that calls for the state to guarantee
farm loans for farmers who can't get conventional financing. The guarantee would
be for 80% of the loan and would require the farmer to get federal crop
insurance. Funding for the guarantee authority would come from a surtax on
corporate and personal income taxes.

''The consensus was that since the whole state is involved, they all should bear
the cost,'' Mr. Nagle said.

The cost to the state is estimated to be about $30 million, requiring a surtax
of between 2% and 4%. Mr. Nagle said the surtax wouldn't have to be imposed
until after the results of the coming crop year are known.

''The theory behind [the state guarantee] is that it gives everybody another
year, because at least they've got an operating loan,'' he said.

A draft of the proposal was introduced jointly in the state's Legislature this
week, and was also given to Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad. ''The reception so far has
been good,'' Mr. Nagle said.

The group also looked at a variety of other proposals, including buy-down of
interest rates on existing farm loans, making Iowa land available for corporate
ownership, and calling for a debt moratorium. No consensus was reached on any of
those issues.

SECTION: Pg. 12

LENGTH: 580 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                             148 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Farm Loan Accommodation Sought;
ABA Wants Balance Between Compassion and Prudence

                           February 28, 1983, Monday

By LISA J. Mc CUE

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Continued low prices for farm commodities and high operating costs are making
lenders take a hard look at ways to help farmers meet their debt payments.

The American Bankers Association recently formed an agricultural task force to
find a balance between compassion for farmers delinquent on loan payments and
protections of bank deposits and stockholders' equity.

The ABA has announced that the task force will meet Tuesday with congressional,
regulatory, and administration officials regarding possible amendments to bank
regulation and examination procedures that could address the farm loan problems.

Also, the Farm Credit Administration recently pledged its support in assisting
its hard-pressed borrowers who are having a hard time paying off farm loans
because of declining prices and mounting operating costs.

The FCA is the federal agency responsible for the supervision, examiniation and
regulation of the Farm Credit System.

That agency's policy making board recommended that the System place ''strong
emphasis on appropriate loan servicing that will benefit borrowers who are
cooperative and making an honest effort to meet the conditions of their loan
contracts.''

The policy group said the System's Federal Land Banks should adopt policies
regarding: informal forebearance; deferment of principal; and amortized
extensions, among other things.

Regarding the ABA's meeting Tuesday, the task force is expected to meet with the
following: examination officials of the Federal Reserve Board, the Office of the
Comptroller of the Currency, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp., as well as
congressional agriculture committee staff and Department of Agriculture
representatives.

In a study conducted by the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis, figures showed
74% of the bankers surveyed expect farmers' demand for debt refinancing next
quarter will be above normal levels and that 40% of the bankers believe the
farmers' ability to repay debt will worsen during that period.

''Most bankers expect net farm earnings will again fall short of their
year-earlier level in the first quarter of 1983,'' the report said.

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 359 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1983 American Banker, Inc.


                             149 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                    December 14, 1985, Saturday, ALL EDITION

Western farmers get boost to start the next season

BYLINE: Joe Ralko

SECTION: SECTION 2, INSIDE BUSINESS; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 287 words


  THE 6% loans which the Agricultural Credit Corp. of Saskatchewan is being
empowered to make should insure that the province's 65,000 farmers have
operating funds to start the season next year.


The provincial government has decided to quadruple the credit corporation's
borrowing power to $2 billion and enable it to offer operating loans of $25 a
cultivated acre. If all eligible Saskatchewan farmers take the loans, it will be
a $1.2-billion program. Until now, the Crown corporation only had administered a
$200-million cash advance program for livestock producers and a small irrigation
systems credit program.

''Last year, we called for 7 1/2% money for farmers and got laughed at,''
Saskatchewan Wheat Pool President Ted Turner says. ''But I think (it's finally
being recognized) the farmers can't exist on money that's costing them over
8%.''

Barbara Isman, executive director of the Regina-based Western Canadian Wheat
Growers Association, describes the Saskatchewan program as ''strong and
sensible.''

Devine has received many suggestions for farm aid programs, ranging from
recommendations for a $50-per-acre grant to a national disaster assistance plan.

Precise program details and application forms will be available in January. The
loans are unsecured personal promissory notes, apparently with no strings
attached. Repayment details and a ceiling, if any, on the total loan farmers may
receive are still being worked out.

A farmer with 1,200 cultivated acres - a farm size not unusual in Saskatchewan -
could receive $30,000 in 6% operating credit next spring. The savings in
interest costs in the first year alone is about $1,800 based on a commercial
rate of 12%.




LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1985 Financial Post Ltd.


                             150 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            March 21, 1998 Saturday

OFFICIALS SEEK ADDED LOANS FOR FLOOD-AFFLICTED FARMERS

BYLINE: Lee Egerstrom, Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS TWIN CITIES; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 530 words


Responding to last year's floods and the spread of wheat disease that followed
in the Red River Valley, Minnesota and North Dakota state Farm Service Agency
directors said Friday they are seeking an additional $105 million in federal
loan funds to help get farmers back in their fields this spring.

State directors of Farm Service Agency offices in St. Paul and Fargo said they
expect their agencies will exhaust existing allocations for federal farm loans
by early April.

Wally Sparby, executive director of the agency in Minnesota, said in a statement
issued late Friday that he expects the need for federal farm loan assistance
will grow as spring approaches.

"Farmers and the public can be assured that the agency is doing everything
within its power to help," he said. "Once producers have fully identified their
financial needs, I expect to see an increase in numbers."

But in the meantime, agency officials in the two states are finding a financial
crisis developing in the valley, especially for wheat farmers.

Sparby and his North Dakota counterpart, Scott Stofferahn, conducted a two-state
survey of the valley and North Dakota wheat areas on March 12. The agencies are
part of federal and state programs directing assistance to farms and communities
harmed by last spring's flooding along the Red River of the North.

The agencies also administer emergency, direct farm operating and guaranteed
subsidized farm loans that are major programs of the former Farmers Home
Administration before USDA offices and agencies were reorganized. The Farm
Service Agency, like its predecessor, remains the so-called "lender of last
resort" for farmers who have been denied credit from other bankers.

While last spring's flooding in the valley was widely known, less public
attention was given to how wet fields contributed to the spread of scab, a wheat
disease that ruined crops for farmers on both sides of the river.

Sparby's agency in Minnesota had appropriations of $59.1 million for these
programs. It is seeking $34 million in additional funds to meet farm family
needs in Kittson, Roseau, Marshall, Polk, Pennington, Red Lake, Norman and
Mahnomen counties.

The biggest increase in projected needs is for the agency to help farmers and
lenders restructure existing loans following last year's poor wheat crop. Income
from wheat farming was further hurt by declining wheat prices, both from a
rebuilding of world wheat stocks and from weaker export demand - particularly in
Asia.

Problems are increasing for wheat farmers across North Dakota, but most new loan
applications and calls for loan restructuring assistance are coming from farmers
in the eastern counties along the Red River.

In a statement issued for North Dakota, Stofferahn projected that an additional
$15.5 million is need for the agency's direct farm operating loans, $11.4
million for borrowers to convert existing loans, and $44 million for new
applicants seeking guaranteed subsidized loans. The latter, guaranteed loans,
are loans written by commercial and cooperative lenders who have secured USDA
guarantees to back up a majority of the loan value.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 1998 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             151 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    Lyon County Reporter (Rock Rapids, Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 25, 2012

New FSA help for beginning farmers and ranchers

BYLINE: Lyon County Reporter staff

LENGTH: 570  words


ROCK RAPIDS -- The USDA Farm Service Agency is working harder than ever to
assist new farmers and ranchers to succeed. Iowa FSA Executive Director John R.
Whitaker recently unveiled a new Land Contract Guarantee Program and several
other tools designed to help beginning farmers and ranchers build the foundation
for a successful career in agriculture.

"New farmers face many challenges, like obtaining land for example," said
Whitaker. "FSA is going to provide new options to help them to work through this
challenging start-up issue." Peak land values, tight commercial credit, minimal
credit history and less collateral make it difficult for new and smaller farmers
in Iowa to get a commercial business loan right now.

The Land Contract Guarantee Program provides a new approach for landowners
willing to sell and finance a land purchase to a beginning or socially
disadvantaged farmer. The national program offers two options, one that
guarantees up to three annual installment payments on the contract and one that
guarantees 90% of the unpaid principal of the contract. Guarantees can be used
in the purchase of land for up to $500,000.

"Iowa farmers represent all walks of life, a wide variety of ethnic backgrounds,
and all different ages," notes

Whitaker "This new program will work well for beginning and minority growers in
our state and we encourage producers to visit with us to see if they qualify and
how it could fit their needs," he said. You can find FSA loan information,
disaster assistance programs and other helpful programs at www.fsa.usda. gov.

Another new change to the agency's lending rules for new producers is to allow
more flexibility in the minimum experience requirement. Under the new rule, FSA
loan officers are now allowed to consider all prior farming experience,
including on-the-job training and formal education when determining eligibility
for FSA Farm Operating and Ownership Loans. To qualify for the Beginning Farmer
and Rancher Loan Program, applicants must have a minimum level of agricultural
experience, but not more than 10 years operating a farm or ranch. Whitaker also
recommends that people considering a farming career should visit a new USDA
website www.start2farm.gov to learn more about USDA and FSA programs for
beginning farmers and ranchers.

Iowa FSA's support for Beginning and Socially Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers
is evident in the high level of minority and new farmer participation generated
through staff outreach into the community. In 2011, 75% of all FSA farm loans in
Iowa were made to socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers.

For more information about these and other USDA programs, you can always call or
visit your nearest USDA Farm Service Agency office that handles this type of
loan. The contact office for Lyon County farmers is Sibley, Iowa. There has been
a change in personnel at the Sibley Office where Joyce Heaton was a Farm Loan
Officer. Joyce has accepted a lateral transfer to Guthrie Center, Iowa where she
is providing service on farm loans. There are two new Farm Loan Officer Trainees
that have taken Joyce's place. They are Heather Helm-rich and Callie Erickson.
Heather and Callie will be working with farmers and bankers in Lyon, Osceola,
and Dickinson counties. John Vote, the Farm Loan Manager from Orange City, will
be guiding and assisting them in their work. For more information contact
Heather or Callie at 712-754-3643.

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LYC

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2012 Lyon County Reporter


                             152 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                           February 14, 2017 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

The pros and cons of partnerships versus company status for farmers

SECTION: FARMING;NEWS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 759 words


QI have been following the recent articles on farm partnerships but I have been
advised in the past that entering a limited company would be a good option for
me. What are the main differences between a partnership and a limited company?
Are there any pitfalls to be aware of with these business structures? A The main
difference between a partnership and a limited company is that an entirely new
legal entity is created by forming a company. This new entity, while controlled
by the directors, is a separate legal being from the farmer, who is a director
and shareholder of the company. A partnership is the joining of, typically, two
self-employed farmers, who wish to combine their efforts and split the proceeds
that they make from the joint effort. In this context there is no new legal
being created.

Here are reasons to consider changing your business structure.

TAX EFFICIENCY The main factor which entices people to enter a new business
structure is greater efficiency and, mainly, tax efficiency. For farmers (and
their spouses) who are taxed at the higher rate, they must pay tax at in excess
of 50pc for the portion of their income which falls into the higher band.

This can make it difficult to accumulate money in the business over time, as the
farmer is returning over half of what he is making in tax.

The benefit to operating in a private limited company is that the company pays
corporation tax at the rate of 12.5pc on its profits.

This makes it easier to accumulate money in a company for reinvestment and other
purposes.

It is important to stress that a farmer who is a shareholder of the company and
who draws out some of the money that the farm company makes must pay income tax
at the ordinary rate.

For those farmers with relatively low need for personal drawings from the farm
(by comparison to the total profit that the farm business makes) he or she would
likely be better off farming in a company structure.

If, however, your drawings are close to the total profit of the farm, then there
is little or no benefit to operating in a limited company.

This is because there are some additional costs to operating as a limited
company, which would not arise for a self-employed person/partner in a
partnership.

For example, a company tax return tends to cost more than a personal tax return.

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE/EU SCHEME BENEFITS For farmers at different stages of
their career, there will be inevitable differences in priorities. For example,
many young farmers starting out will be eager to expand or improve farm
infrastructure and so investment will be a priority.

In this context, partnerships have, in some circumstances, more beneficial
access to certain schemes.

A good example is the TAMS II, whereby partnerships with a qualifying young
trained farmer will be able to draw down a greater amount of funding than two
similar farmers who are not in a registered farm partnership.

Many of the schemes do not afford this benefit to limited companies even in
circumstances whereby one of the directors/shareholders meet the same criteria
as a young trained farmer.

LIMITED LIABILITY The post-boom years saw a greater focus on liability for
payment of loans and losses. In the vast majority of cases, for the purposes of
accessing bank finance - whether you are borrowing in the name of a limited
liability company or not - the financial institution will require a personal
guarantee.

It is only if the loan is not personally guaranteed by the
directors/shareholders that the liability for paying the loan will be limited to
the assets owned by the limited liability company.

In the context of a partnership, both partners are liable for the repayment of
loans in the terms agreed in the loan agreement.

OWNERSHIP AND SUCCESSION Both a company structure and a registered farm
partnership offer different ways to prepare for succession or the handing-on of
the family farm.

For example, the last budget introduced a tax incentive for those entering a
farm partnership with a view to transferring a portion of the farm assets during
the duration of the partnership.

Caution is advised before entering any such agreements insofar as you should
consult with a professional adviser on your individual circumstances before
entering any such agreements.

Theresa Murphy is a barrister based in Ardrahan, Co Galway. This article is
intended as a general guide only and professional advice should always be sought
for individual www.circumstances.No liability is accepted for errors.

partnership.S  ;  ;  OFTEN HAVE  ;  ;  BETTER ACCESS  ;  ;  TO SCHEMES ;

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2017 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             153 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             August 20, 2000 Sunday
                                  City Edition

Tall job for tough times FSA puts service first despite shaky ag economy

BYLINE: ART HOVEY Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 650 words


You don't have to talk to the federal government's farm-lending leadership in
Lincoln for very long to get a sense of conflicting missions.

On the one hand, the Farm Service Agency is the lender of last resort to
farmers, and steps in when banks see too much risk. On the other, its farm loan
section, successor to the Farmers Home Administration, is a steward of the
taxpayer's money.

Or consider this: The state FSA office in Lincoln is in competition with other
major farm states for hundreds of millions of dollars in direct loans and loan
guarantees this year and every year. Yet it bears the scars of the 1980s farm
crisis, when other millions were never collected from bankrupt borrowers.

"The'80s are not that long ago," said John Berge, FSA executive director.
"The'80s, with their high interest rates, high inflation, were an
across-the-board nightmare in the economy, but particularly in agriculture."

Berge believes the agency learned something from the 1980s about careful
scrutiny of its loan portfolio.

"I think we'll use that institutional knowledge to our benefit when we lend out
money."

But he can't deny that the stakes of conflict are being raised again as another
fiscal year approaches Oct. 1. The $158 million in Nebraska loan guarantees in
1999 is the highest total since 1986. And FSA officials and taxpayers are
backing another $114 million in bank loans through mid-August of 2000.

If farmers hit with low prices, drought and other problems can't pay it back,
taxpayers will.

"It's a little bit nerve-wracking when you have to put out $158 million in
guaranteed loans to producers," conceded Berge. "That's an indication of a
serious problem in agriculture."

So far, said Mark Wilke, a farm loan specialist at the Lincoln office, there are
some reassuring factors. Interest rates, inflation and delinquency rates are all
much lower than in the 1980s and the economic barometer of farmland values has
been holding steady. But, "with farm income in question," Wilke said, "who knows
what land values will do in the future?"

While acknowledging their responsibilities to taxpayers, Berge and Wilke don't
want potential critics to lose sight of the point that the federal government
fills a crucial lending role in rough agricultural times. When banks are
hesitant to lend more money to struggling customers, federal backing can make
the difference in whether the loan is extended or not.

"We always look first of all at our mission," Wilke said, "Our mission is to
help existing farmers and help beginning farmers."

From that perspective, they are encouraged that they still had almost $69
million in unobligated loan guarantee money to use over the next six weeks. That
includes more than $27 million that came this way in competition with their
peers.

"We did very, very well in competition with other states in our region in
getting money back from national pooling," Berge said.

Overall, the Nebraska office is positioned to do more than $190 million in
direct loans and loan guarantees this fiscal year, including $31 million in
direct operating loans. So far in fiscal year 2000, the state's beginning
farmers have gotten about $30.1 million in direct and guaranteed ownership and
operating loans.

At this point, the delinquency rate attached to all the FSA lending is between 6
percent and 7 percent. At the beginning of 1986, the delinquency rate for its
predecessor, the Farmers Home Administration, was 22.2 percent.

In the absence of the boom and bust cycle that defined the last half of the
1970s and the first half of the 1980s, the FSA loan leadership is hoping to stay
in single digits for delinquencies.

"We get back to the initial question," Berge said. "Our mission is to provide
service to producers. That's one of the missions chartered to us by Congress, to
provide loan assistance to farmers. That's what we're doing."

Reach Art Hovey at 473-7241 or ahovey@journalstar.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 2 color head photos of John Berge and Mark Wilke color graph of federal
farm loans, from 1986 until 2000, D. MATT VAN DRIEST Lincoln Journal Star,
Source: Nebraska Farm Service Agency

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2000 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                             154 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Easing the Farm Loan Interest Problem;
Minnesota's Gov. Perpich Signs Bill Offering State Subsidies to Farmers

                            March 7, 1985, Thursday

Special to the American Banker

DATELINE: ST. PAUL


Minnesota Gov. Rudy Perpich signed into law farm aid legislation that could
begin pumping $25 million into the state's ailing agriculture economy.

Designed to help farmers find credit for spring planting, the legislation
creates state subsidies for loan interest payments for qualified farmers and
sets up a subsidized debt restructuring program.

''I believe we have shown leadership in Minnesota,'' Gov. Perpich said as he
signed the bill on Tuesday, not more than an hour after the House passed it, 122
to 5.  ''We can only hope this message will be heard in Washington.''

He added, however, that it ''will in no way solve all the farm problems.'' Gov.
Perpich flew to Washington Wednesday to meet with congressional leaders and
representatives of the Reagan administration.

A Perpich ally and leading farm spokesman was more blunt about the limited
impact of the bill.

''Ever read in the Bible about the eye of the needle?'' said Rep. Glen Anderson,
D-Bellingham.  ''That's what you'll have to do to qualify for one of those
loans.''

Commerce Commissioner Michael Hatch said application forms have been drafted and
should be in the mail to the state's lending institutions on Friday.  He said
the lenders could begin processing loans Monday.

Rep. Elton Redalen, R-Fountain, the chief House sponsor of the farm aid bill,
said many lenders are already beginning to process some of the loans.

The Minnesota Senate passed the bill overwhelmingly last week. The House had
been expected to do the same on Monday, but a record-breaking snowstorm delayed
the passage by one day.

The Legislature has been under increasing pressure to act on farm aid since
early January when thousands of farmers flocked to St. Paul, the state capital,
demanding action to hold off farm foreclosures and to pump aid into farm
operations that might not obtain credit for spring planting.

The Senate version of the bill had contained a 120-day voluntary moratorium on
farm mortgage foreclosures.  That was dropped in a House-Senate conference
committee in the face of opposition from the Republican-controlled House.
Instead, loans submitted to the Farmers Home Administration for debt
restructuring will be immune from a foreclosure for up to 90 days.

The bill provides for interest subsidies for existing and new loans.  The state
will pay the interest attributable to the first 60 days of a 120-day loan period
for real estate and operating loans, up to $25,000 each.  Lenders will submit
the loans to the Farmers Home Administration for debt restructuring and loan
guarantees.

Officials say that only about 80 of more than 700 state banks are accredited by
the Farmers Home Administration to make such loans.

In addition, farmers may apply to lenders for a direct state subsidy for farm
operating loans. The loans must be offered at interest rates between 7% and 10%.
The loans would not extend beyond March 1, 1986, at which time they must be paid
off. For farmers to qualify for a subsidized loan, the lenders must analyze
their debt structure and projected revenues in order to assess whether the loan
would allow them to make a profit.

For every percentage point that a participating bank must reduce the interest
rate on the loan, the state will enable the bank to reduce the rate the farmer
pays on the loan by another two percentage points by subsidizing the repayment
of the loan.

The plan has been criticized as a bailout for banks instead of for farmers.
Sen. Charles Berg, R-Chokio, who refused to sign the conference committee
agreement, called the bill a ''cruel hoax.''

While the bill does not contain a major mortgage moratorium, the moratorium
issue is gaining momentum.

The Senate passed a one-year moratorium measure, and House Republicans are
planning their own version.

In a related move to help financially strapped farmers plant crops this spring,
a Minnesota Senate committee approved a bill Tuesday that would allow farmers to
delay paying the first half of their property taxes until Oct. 15.

First-half property taxes normally are due May 15.  The bill, approved
unanimously by the tax committee, gives farmers what amounts to a five-month
interest-free loan of $82 million.

Under the measure, local governments could borrow interest-free money from the
state to replace the deferred farm property taxes.  They would repay the state
after receiving second-half taxes in October.

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 736 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                             155 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Hoeven: USDA Makes Additional Funding Available to Support Up to
$185 Million in Farm Operating Loans, Loan Guarantees

LENGTH: 345  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator John Hoeven has issued the following news
release:



 Senator John Hoeven, a member of the Senate Agriculture Committee and
Agriculture Appropriations Committee, today announced that the U.S. Department
of Agriculture (USDA) Farm Service Agency (FSA) will make additional funding
available to leverage up to $185 million in additional lending for direct and
guaranteed farm operation loans. Hoeven wrote to USDA Secretary Tom Vilsack in
July, urging the agency to replenish the loan programs to ensure that the
nation's agriculture producers have access to necessary credit during the
current period of low commodity prices.





 "These FSA loan programs exist to help our farmers and ranchers weather low
prices and keep their operations going," Hoeven said. "When the programs faced a
shortfall due to the rapid increase in demand for loans, we worked with USDA and
our colleagues in the Agriculture Committees of both chambers to reprogram FSA
funding to open up more loan authority. This means our ag producers will have
access to more capital to get them through these tough times."



 Due to low commodity prices and cash flow issues, farmers across the nation
have been increasingly relying on the FSA loan programs for temporary
assistance, which were then facing a shortfall in loan authority. The additional
funding announced today will help ensure that farmers have access to the capital
they need to continue their operations.



 To this same end, Hoeven and Senator Amy Klobuchar (D-Minn.) have introduced
the Capital for Farmers and Ranchers Act, legislation that increases the maximum
loan amount that an individual farmer or rancher is able to receive under the
FSA's loan and loan guarantee programs. Specifically, it increases the FSA loan
guarantee amount to cover up to $2.5 million, up from $1.39 million, and doubles
the amount on Direct Operating and Direct Farm Ownership Loans from $300,000 to
$600,000.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             156 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Hoeven: USDA Makes Additional Funding Available to Support Up to
$185 Million in Farm Operating Loans, Loan Guarantees

LENGTH: 345  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator John Hoeven has issued the following news
release:



 Senator John Hoeven, a member of the Senate Agriculture Committee and
Agriculture Appropriations Committee, today announced that the U.S. Department
of Agriculture (USDA) Farm Service Agency (FSA) will make additional funding
available to leverage up to $185 million in additional lending for direct and
guaranteed farm operation loans. Hoeven wrote to USDA Secretary Tom Vilsack in
July, urging the agency to replenish the loan programs to ensure that the
nation's agriculture producers have access to necessary credit during the
current period of low commodity prices.





 "These FSA loan programs exist to help our farmers and ranchers weather low
prices and keep their operations going," Hoeven said. "When the programs faced a
shortfall due to the rapid increase in demand for loans, we worked with USDA and
our colleagues in the Agriculture Committees of both chambers to reprogram FSA
funding to open up more loan authority. This means our ag producers will have
access to more capital to get them through these tough times."



 Due to low commodity prices and cash flow issues, farmers across the nation
have been increasingly relying on the FSA loan programs for temporary
assistance, which were then facing a shortfall in loan authority. The additional
funding announced today will help ensure that farmers have access to the capital
they need to continue their operations.



 To this same end, Hoeven and Senator Amy Klobuchar (D-Minn.) have introduced
the Capital for Farmers and Ranchers Act, legislation that increases the maximum
loan amount that an individual farmer or rancher is able to receive under the
FSA's loan and loan guarantee programs. Specifically, it increases the FSA loan
guarantee amount to cover up to $2.5 million, up from $1.39 million, and doubles
the amount on Direct Operating and Direct Farm Ownership Loans from $300,000 to
$600,000.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             157 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 7, 2017

                               VG ENERGY LIMITED

                                 WATERSIDE FARM
                                  GLASGOW ROAD
                                    GALSTON
                                GALSTON KA4 8PB


TRADE ADDRESS: Waterside Farm Glasgow Road, GALSTON KA4 8PB

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01563829990
URL: www.vgenergy.co.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: SC349676

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: October 8, 2008
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 91

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name                        Turnove
No.                                                       r
SC465391        WINDVESTMENTS NETHERHALL FARM LTD         0
SC465390        WINDVESTMENTS BALROWNIE FARM LTD          0
SC464567        WINDVESTMENTS LOYAL FARM LTD              0
SC464566        WINDVESTMENTS THE CORB LTD                0
SC464565        WINDVESTMENTS GARIOCHSBURN FARM LTD       0
SC464564        WINDVESTMENTS CHAPELTON FARM LTD          0
SC462832        WINDVESTMENTS GREENHALL VIEW              0
                LIMITED
-               -                                         -
-               -                                         -
-               -                                         -

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Thomas James Paterson, Farmer
     ·    Mr Andrew Woodburn, Farmer


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    Turcan Connell Company Secretaries Limited


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Manufacture of electricity distribution and control
apparatus
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Normal   Company acting as agents

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
27120

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Full Accounts
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  September 30, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  October 8, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  84,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            1,169,548   648,156   242,287
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                         1,169,548   648,156   242,287
Stocks                                     1,349,541 1,066,433   476,008
Debtors                                    1,546,429         -         -
Cash                                           2,567   644,801   229,984
Miscellaneous Current Assets                 628,393 2,287,495   455,657
Other Current Assets                         630,960 2,932,296   685,641
Total Current Assets                       3,526,930 3,998,729 1,161,649
Fixed Assets                               1,169,548   648,156   242,287
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               4,696,478 4,646,885 1,403,936



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                  1,668,638         -         -
Bank Overdraft                               251,541         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities          1,184,203 3,773,430 1,256,459
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                     336,523         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                     78,294         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                    847,680 3,773,430 1,256,459
Short Term Loans                             588,064         -         -
Long Term Loans                              584,375         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                          255,273         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                      329,102         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                  134,808   364,402    45,609
Total Current Liabilities                  3,104,382 3,773,430 1,256,459
Total Long Term Liabilities                  719,183   364,402    45,609
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          3,823,565 4,137,832 1,302,068
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry            10,000    10,000    10,000
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                862,913   499,053    91,868
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                            872,913   509,053   101,868
Called Up Share Capital                       10,000    10,000    10,000
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 1,592,096   873,455   147,477


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales        15,983,71         -         -
                           4
Cost of Sales      12,488,07         -         -
                           1
Gross Profit       3,495,643         -         -
Operating Profit     555,669         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          0         -         -
Interest Payable      40,508         -         -
Pretax Profit        515,161         -         -
Taxation              94,830         -         -
Profit After Tax     420,331         -         -
Dividends Payable     56,471         -         -
Retained Profits     363,860         -         -
Value Added        3,669,246         -         -
Capital Employed   1,592,096   873,455   147,477
Net Worth            872,913   509,053   101,868
Working Capital      422,548   225,299    -94810
Emp. Renumeration  2,950,175         -         -
Dir. Renumeration     16,167         -         -
Audit Fees            10,000         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation         163,402         -         -
Number of                 91         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                               31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
                                                     GBP       GBP       GBP
Net Cashflow From Operating Activities           -454111         -         -
Net Cashflow From Return On Investment And        -75751         -         -
Servicing Of Finance
Net Cashflow Before Financing                   -1290647         -         -
Net Cashflow From Financing                      396,871         -         -
Increase In Cash                                 -893776         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets         1.07 234.52  72.65
Current Assets      -11.8 203.61  43.46
Current            -17.73 147.07  41.35
Liabilities
Capital Employed    82.28 979.56 203.81
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 24,602 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
45250 Other construction work involving special trades



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  14.69     56.8    138.1
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       4.72    18.59    71.95
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              3.79    10.04    26.75
Sales / Total Assets (%)                             132.63   269.67   421.35
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       63.96    31.49        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .75     1.12     1.84
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            36,082.4 61,235.7   96,480
                                                          7        8
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  25,865.3 31,436.0 40,083.3
                                                          8        7        3
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  62,638.2  165,952 359,425.
                                                          6                 9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  43.04    18.11    11.38



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  3
=        1
Year -1  3
=        5
Year -2  3
=        5
Year -3  3
=        7

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)               32.36         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                         10.97         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)             59.02         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                           3.22         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                          340.33         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                           13.67         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                         2.64         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                     11.84         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )     35.31         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.14      1.06      0.92
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                   0.7      0.78      0.55
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                        134.31         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.19      0.11      0.07
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                     66.95         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                  7.29         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                         2.3      3.54      2.64
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees     32,419.5         -         -
(GBP)                                                  1
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                  18.46         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)       5,661.11         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)               175,645.         -         -
                                                       2
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees          17,495.5         -         -
                                                       6
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        12,852.1         -         -
                                                       8
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        51,609.6         -         -
                                                       5
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                    14.04         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                            22.96         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)         40,321.3         -         -
                                                       8
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                 1.24         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                              1,598.37         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                         469.65         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                 1.08         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                        2.77         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                           0.25         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 1,592,096

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Smith & Wallace & Co

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2017


                             158 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 July 12, 1993

Farm Credit System Raises Net Quarter Income

SECTION: FARM AND RURAL MORTGAGES; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 264 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Farm Credit System reported net income of $ 397 million for the first
quarter of 1993, up from $ 243 million during the first quarter of 1992.

The first-quarter net income included $ 135 million from the cumulative effect
of an accounting change related the System's accounting for income taxes,
according to the Federal Farm Credit Banks Funding Corp.

The first-quarter results also included a $ 32 million expense representing the
cumulative effect of an accounting change related to retirement benefits.

The first quarter 1992 results were restated downward by $ 37 million to
represent accounting changes as well.

The combined System income, before the cumulative effect of accounting changes,
increased five percent to $ 294 million for the first quarter of 1993.

"The System's operating performance for the quarter continued to be very
strong," said James Brickley, president and chief executive of the Funding Corp.

"Net interest margin was higher, and the credit quality of the System's loan
portfolio continued to improve."

Net interest income increased 10% to $ 488 million for the first quarter, due to
an increase in average net interest margin.

The higher interest margin reflected refinancing of higher-cost debt with
lower-cost debt.

The System sells debt in the capital markets to fund loans made by Farm Credit
associations across the country.

Long-term real estate loan volume remained relatively stable.

The System makes rural residential mortgage loans, agricultural real estate
loans, agricultural operating loans and loans to cooperatives.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             159 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   January 9, 1989, MONDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

FARM CREDIT SYSTEM LEADERS VOTE TO REORGANIZE LOCAL INSTITUTIONS

BYLINE: Jerri Stroud Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: BUSINESS PLUS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1027 words


Leaders of Farm Credit System organizations in Missouri, Illinois and
Arkansashave voted to reorganize the system's local lending institutions,
pending approval by regulators and stockholders.  Late last year, directors of
local associations in the three states voted to consolidate 20 Federal Land Bank
Associations into nine and to split the Central Production Credit Association
into nine associations that would be managed jointly with the Land Bank groups.
The reorganization gives each of the paired groups ''an excellent prospect for
full financial and competitive vitality on into the 1990s,'' said C.T.
''Terry'' Fredrickson, chief executive of the Farm Credit Banks of St.  Louis.
''These prospects are based on financial analyses which assume substantial
further operating cost reductions,'' said Fredrickson.  The plan is designed to
move loan decisions and delivery closer to local customers, said Curt Billhymer,
a Farm Credit spokesman in St. Louis. The local groups will operate more
autonomously and thus will be able to provide more flexible service to
borrowers.  Under the plan, the Farm Credit Bank of St. Louis would give up
direct lending responsibilities for Land Bank loans, said Billhymer. The St.
Louis bank would then act only as a financial intermediary and funding source
for the local associations, much as it already does for production credit loans.
Land Bank associations make farm loans for real estate and other long-term
obligations. Production Credit Associations make short and intermediate-term
loans for such things as farm operating expenses, supplies and machinery.
Billhymer said the new plan does not necessarily mean that some Farm Credit
offices will close. But some back-office functions will be consolidated and some
employees could lose their jobs. The plan would have no immediate impact on
employment in St. Louis, but it could lead to more streamlining in the future,
he said.  Several local associations have elected to stay out of the new plan.
They are the Federal Land Bank Association in Caruthersville, Mo.; the
Production Credit Association in Sikeston, Mo.; the Southern Illinois Production
Credit Association in Harrisburg, Ill., and the Delta Production Credit
Association in Dermott, Ark. The same groups have stayed out of other
reorganization plans in the three states.  A task force developed the proposed
reorganization in the first half of 1988 and presented the plan to directors of
the Farm Credit Banks of St.  Louis in July. The vote by directors of the
smaller organizations brings the plan a step closer to reality.  The proposal
now goes to the Farm Credit Administration in Washington. If that regulatory
body approves the plan, stockholders likely will vote on the plan in May. If
stockholders approve the plan, the changes would occur on July 1.  Under the
plan, four Federal Land Bank Associations in Missouri would be consolidated into
two new associations. Two new Production Credit Associations would be set up and
managed jointly to serve the same territories as the corresponding Land Bank
groups.  One pair of associations would serve northeast, central and
east-central Missouri. The other pair would serve northwest, western and
southwest Missouri. Lending operations in five southeast Missouri counties would
be managed by a Land Bank and Production Credit group in eastern Arkansas.  In
Illinois, the eight Federal Land Bank Associations would be consolidated into
four new associations, each serving about a fourth of the state.  Four new
Production Credit Associations would be created to operate in the same
territories as the new Land Bank groups.  In Arkansas, eight Federal Land Bank
Associations would be consolidated into three, each serving about a third of the
state, divided vertically.  Three parallel Production Credit Associations would
be created and managed jointly with the Land Bank groups.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Map; MAP by Post-Dispatch. Farm Credit Service Areas..in Missouri,
Arkansas and Illinois.

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             160 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                              June 27, 1988 Monday
                                  Late Edition

US GOVERNMENT TO BEAR BRUNT OF FARM LOAN LOSSES

BYLINE: Source: _AP-Dow Jones

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 762 words


Banks and other traditional US farm lenders may be able to avoid heavy losses
from the drought because of the Government's growing role in financing the
operations of US farmers.

Bankers, economists and agriculture officials say the Government's share of loan
losses from the drought is likely to be much higher than in previous dry spells.

This is because many Federal subsidy payments are made in advance of planting
under the current farm programme. These payments, which total $US4.3 billion,
often replace the planting loans farmers get from commercial banks, the Farm
Credit System and other lenders.

If crops fail, many farmers will not be able to pay back the advances.

Mr James Kirk, president of the Farm Credit System's Omaha bank, said about 85
per cent of farmers in his four-State area used the advance payments to plant.

"Smaller, healthier farmers haven't had to rely on borrowed money. The advance
payments have taken care of a lot of their requirements," he said.

Mr Richard Kovacevich, vice-chairman of Norwest Corp, one of the nation's
biggest agricultural lenders, said: "It's a Government drought."

He said the Minneapolis-based bank expected few loan losses from the drought,
largely because Federal payments, guarantees and other aspects of farm
programmes would bear the brunt of losses should the drought continue.

Other banks, the Farm Credit System and even the Government's own Farmers Home
Administration say their planting loan volume is down sharply under the latest
farm programme.

The Government expects the drought to save it money overall because market
prices for grains have soared.

That narrows the difference between market and so-called target prices that must
be made up with subsidy payments. The Government's increased financing role will
nonetheless reduce those savings.

The situation shows how the 1985 farm legislation, which has flooded the farm
economy with cash over the past three years, also expanded the Government's
exposure to losses.

Administration officials and members of Congress are already proposing emergency
relief, and the cost could run into billions of dollars.

"The Federal Government is going to be in for a lick," said Mr Brian Crowley, a
deputy director at the General Accounting Office.

He said emergency disaster loans made by the Government's Farmers Home
Administration tended to be "the toughest ones to collect".

Rather than make emergency loans, the Government could merely let farmers keep
the advance subsidy payments, he said.

Among the larger crops covered in the farm programme, use of the payments is
heavy. The $US4.3 billion of payments outstanding is a small sum compared with
the approximately $US140 billion of farm debt nationally, but it is among the
most likely to go uncollected.

Much farm debt is secured by real estate and other hard assets.

And banks, for the most part, have been more conservative in making planting
loans since the farm crisis unfolded.

Farm credit and commercial banks have been making far fewer operating loans,
cutting into their profits in good times but now, amid the drought, limiting
their potential losses.

"Everybody is less loaned up than in the past," said Mr Gundy Gunderson,
president of Commercial State Bank in Wausa, Nebraska.

Less than half of his $US18 million of assets is in loans, compared with 80 per
cent a few years ago.

An Agriculture Department economist, Mr Greg Gajewski, said: "The banks are in a
better position than they were in 1983", the last widespread drought.

Mr Kovacevich said: "We've got four cushions against losses from the drought,
all largely provided by the Government: subsidised crop insurance, a likely
emergency disaster loan programme or some other Federal bail-out, the fact that
some farmers have residual financial strength because of previous programmes,
and a strong outlook for prices next year."

Unfortunately, for farmers who have been operating near the brink of insolvency,
a crop ruined by drought could mean there will not be a next year- and federally
owned and controlled lenders finance most of these farmers.

Farmers Home Administration, the agricultural lender of last resort, and the
Farm Credit System have thousands of borrowers who could be hurt.

Mr Brent Beesley, president of the Farm Credit Corp of America, an arm of the
Farm Credit System, said the system had restructured 15,000 loans to troubled
borrowers in the past 18 months. Another 80,000 borrowers represented potential
problems.

"Clearly, a major decrease in farm income (from the drought) could push some of
them back into the problem state," he said.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1988 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             161 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                          December 28, 2016 Wednesday
                                  Home Edition

U.S. budget patch averts farm loan crisis

BYLINE: Associated Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part C; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 589 words


U.S. farmers drained all available government agricultural loan money this last
fiscal year to get through one of the worst agricultural downturns in recent
years, but because of an unusual provision passed this month by Congress, no one
who qualifies for a farm loan will be denied in the next four months.

The budget patch gives the Agriculture Department's Farm Service Agency
authority to meet the surge in loan demand by using future funding, according to
Sen. Jerry Moran (R-Kan.), who chairs an agricultural appropriations panel.
There is no limit to how much the USDA can lend through April 28 -- a victory
for farm groups that pressed Washington for the fix to avert a looming loan
crisis.

Already, corn and wheat prices have pushed farmers to the limit, and beef prices
are hurting ranchers. They turned to lenders, leading the FSA to fall $137
million short of needed direct and guaranteed loan funds in the fiscal year
ending Sept. 30.

When the money ran out, approved loans were funded in the current fiscal year,
piling on to the demand for loans and raising the specter that FSA would again
run out of money before spring -- when most farmers need it the most.

"If you are trying to grow a crop and feed a family and pay the bills, it is a
problem," Moran said. "This is one of the most difficult times in agriculture in
a long time."

The top recipients of loan support from the FSA this year are states that are
heavy producers of grains, beans, livestock and dairy. In the first nine months
of 2016, Iowa led with $405 million, and Wisconsin, Nebraska, Minnesota, Texas,
Oklahoma and Arkansas each received more than $300 million. California -- which
has a $46-billion agricultural economy centered on fruits, nuts, vegetables and
dairy -- received $92 million, the agency said.

Operating loans for 2016 are coming due at a time of widespread downturn.
Farmers in Georgia, the Carolinas and Alabama have gotten a double whammy of
drought and flooding. Midwest states are reeling from a glut in global grain
markets that has slashed crop prices, and cotton growers in Georgia and Texas
are suffering because of low prices.

Not as many people are able to pay off their 2016 operating loans, and the next
60 to 90 days will be telling, said Steve Apodaca, vice president of the
American Bankers Assn.'s Center for Agricultural and Rural Banking in
Washington.

Most borrowers will be able to sustain themselves another year, and bankers will
be able to help restructure their loans and add federal guarantees to commercial
loans, Apodaca said. He is not expecting a repeat of the 1980s farm crisis, when
land values tanked and interest rates were high.

One measure of the farm economy is equity -- the amount of debt compared to
assets like land and machinery. The USDA's Economic Research Service predicted
last month that U.S. farm equity would decline 3.1% in 2016 to $2.47 trillion --
the second straight year of declines. Farm debt is expected to rise 5.2% to
$375.4 billion in 2016.

This year's bountiful yields and low interest rates on loans helped many
growers. But many commercial lenders are now demanding farmers whose operations
are under stress to get government guarantees that any money lent for next
year's crops will be repaid.

"When a farmer goes under, it affects that rural community," Apodaca said. "He
is no longer buying seed, he is no longer buying equipment. His family is no
longer going to the local Main Street and buying goods and services."

--

Times staff writer Geoffrey Mohan contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Wire

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             162 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                          December 28, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Budget patch will keep U.S. farmers from default

BYLINE: Roxana Hegeman, The Associated Press

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. N5

LENGTH: 596 words

DATELINE: WICHITA, Kan.


U.S. farmers drained all available government agricultural loan money this past
fiscal year to get through one of the worst agricultural downturns in recent
years, but no one who qualifies for a farm loan will be denied in the next four
months due to an unusual provision passed this month by Congress.

The budget patch gives the Agriculture Department's Farm Service Agency
authority to meet the spike in loan demand by using future funding, according to
U.S. Sen. Jerry Moran, a Kansas Republican who chairs an agricultural
appropriations panel.

There is no limit to how much the USDA can lend through April 28 - a victory for
farm groups who pressed Washington for the fix to avert a looming loan crisis.

Already, corn and wheat prices have pushed farmers to the limit, and beef prices
are hurting ranchers. They turned to lenders, leading the FSA to fall $137
million short of needed direct and guaranteed loan funds in the fiscal year
ending Sept. 30.

When the money ran out, approved loans were funded in the current fiscal year,
piling on to the demand for loans and raising the spectre that FSA would again
run out of money before spring - when most farmers need it the most.

"If you are trying to grow a crop and feed a family and pay the bills, it is a
problem," Moran said. "This is one of the most difficult times in agriculture in
a long time." Operating loans for 2016 are coming due at a time of widespread
downturn. Farmers in Georgia, the Carolinas and Alabama have gotten a double
whammy of drought and flooding. Midwest states are reeling from a glut in global
grain markets that has slashed crop prices, and cotton growers in Georgia and
Texas also are suffering due to low prices. Consumer demand for milk is down.
Cattle prices are falling.

Not as many people are able to pay off their 2016 operating loans, and the next
60 to 90 days will be telling, said Steve Apodaca, vice-president for the
Washington, D.C.-based American Bankers Association's Center for Agricultural
and Rural Banking.

Most borrowers will be able to sustain themselves another year, and bankers will
be able to help re-structure their loans and add federal guarantees to
commercial loans, Apodaca said. He is not expecting a repeat of the farm crisis
of the 1980s, when land values tanked and interest rates were high.

Matt Ubell and his two siblings took out an FSA loan this month to buy their
parents' cattle and crops farm in Wheaton, Kansas, but he says the agricultural
economy "has us scared to death." Their balance sheet was just above the
break-even point to qualify for the loan.

"We are kind of starting out fresh. We bought the farm, we bought the
equipment." Ubell said. ".. . We are pretty highly leveraged right now." The
34-year-old farmer and his wife put in long hours to make ends meet for their
four children. His wife is a cook and a nursing assistant. He works at a
lumberyard and delivers liquidfeed supplements for cattle.

One measure of the farm economy is equity - the amount of debt compared to
assets such as land and machinery.

The USDA's Economic Research Service predicted last month U.S. farm equity would
decline 3.1 per cent in 2016 to $2.47 trillion - the second straight year of
declines. Farm debt is expected to rise 5.2 per cent to $375.4 billion in 2016.

With such low commodity prices, Russell Boening said he is doing everything he
can not to borrow more money than he absolutely needs to operate his 7,500-acre
family farm in south Texas because "that gets you further and further behind."
!@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Sun Media Corporation. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             163 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 21, 1984, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

THE FARM BANKS BATTLE TO STAY AFLOAT

BYLINE: By BILL KELLER

SECTION: Section 3; Page 12, Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 1695 words


WASHINGTONIn recent years, wheat farmers and

cattlemen in the tiny, high plains

town of Hereford, Colo., have had two local institutions they could count on.

One was Chuck Monpas's bowling alley and bar, the town's social center. The
other was the Hereford State Bank, which had been a source of feed and seed
loans for 65 seasons.

The bowling alley survives, but last Aug. 24 the hardy little bank that had
weathered the Great Depression was closed by the Colorado State Bank
Commissioner and turned over to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation for
liquidation. Bank examiners said the bank had spread its modest assets too thin
in trying to prop up customers who would never repay their loans.

The demise of the Hereford State Bank was part of a larger reversal in a banking
sector that, for decades, has rested solidly on a prosperous farm economy. While
the banking industry at large is pulling out of the recession, many farm banks
are staggering under a burden of precarious loans into their worst slump since
the 1930's.

''When farming performed, these banks performed,'' said Emanuel Melichar, an
economist who follows farm banks for the Federal Reserve System. ''When it
turned around, it took the banks with it.''

For decades, the nation's farm banks - that is, any bank that makes 25 percent
or more of its loans to farmers - outperformed their city counterparts. But now
they are showing up in disproportionate numbers on lists of bank failures and
problem banks. Farm banks like Hereford, for example, accounted for 10 of the
nation's 27 bank failures between June 1 and Sept. 30. And six more of the 27,
while not classified as farm banks, nevertheless had 10 percent or more of their
loans outstanding to farmers when they failed. And farm-related loans were
implicated in the troubles of some banks not normally regarded as farm banks,
including the near failure of the Continental Illinois National Bank and Trust
Company.

The farm bank crisis is severe enough that most experts foresee additional farm
bank failures, and a period of tighter credit for already hard-pressed farmers.
And it has come on suddenly. At the end of 1983, the balance sheets of farm
banks still looked good. While these banks make up 28 percent of the nation's
more than 14,000 commercial banks, they accounted for only 24 percent of the
institutions on the ''problem bank'' list compiled by the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation in December. By last June, however, the figure had jumped
to 34 percent, and was rising.

Nor do the statistics augur well for the future. The portion of banks whose
delinquent loans exceed their total capital is growing rapidly in four farm
states: Iowa, Missouri, Kansas and Nebraska. This ratio is usually a reliable
barometer of severe banking problems ahead because total capital - the money
invested in a bank by its owners plus earnings set aside as loan loss reserves -
represents what a bank has available to cover the losses from loans that go bad.

''The farming people have not only caught up'' with the troubles of non- farm
banks, ''but the trend line is such that you would expect a further
deterioration,'' said Mr. Melichar. ''The speed of change is worrisome. The
outlook is poor.''

Banking experts hasten to add that they do not foresee a collapse like that of
the Depression era, when thousands of rural banks went broke because of
bankruptcies in the farm sector and depositor panic. Government price support
programs have put a floor under farm income, and Government insurance has put a
safety net under most bank depositors.

Moreover, most farm banks have adequate capital reserves built up during the
boom years since World War II. And most farm banks are still profitable. Last
year, farm banks had an average return on equity of 11 percent, a decline from
the peak of 16 percent in 1980, but still healthy.

Still, the squeeze on farm banks has caused drastic changes in the way many of
them do business. Those in communities with other commercial ventures have set
out to diversify their loans, said Weldon V. Barton, a farm credit specialist
for the Independent Bankers Association of America. And farm banks no longer
base their loans primarily on the value of a farmer's assets; now they look more
closely at his cash flow.

The adjustment is not always a pleasant one for a farm community.

According to Thomas H. Huston, superintendent of banks in Iowa, the tightening
of bank credit to farmers contributes, in turn, to a cycle of hardship for
everyone who does business with farmers. ''When they tighten up, they have to
put more people out of business,'' he said. ''And every time you put somebody
out of business there's more land and equipment on the market, and the values of
land and equipment fall again.''


FEDERAL regulators classify

about 4,300 institutions as farm

banks. Most are small, with $500 million or less in assets. But they hold the
bulk of the $50 billion in outstanding commercial farm loans, most of which is
short-term lending to cover a farmer's operating costs.

''The commercial banks that extend most of the operating debt are the
institutions that are primarily at risk,'' said Weldon V. Barton, a farm credit
specialist for the Independent Bankers Association of America. ''With
longer-term debt, at least you can hold on as long as it is manageable, and you
have land collateral. Shorter-term loans are usually secured with livestock or
machinery, and in order for farm producers to stay in business they have to get
continuous operating capital.''

Ten years ago, when farmers were commanding high prices for almost anything they
produced and when borrowing was easy, many farmers seized the opportunity to
expand their land holdings and buy new farm equipment. ''We were going to feed
the world,'' said John F. Spies, president of Iowa Trust and Savings Bank in
Emmetsburg. ''We were encouraged to plant fence to fence.''

Then came a series of body blows to the farm economy: The 1980 curtailment of
grain exports to the Soviet Union, a slump that year in grain prices, a dramatic
deflation in farm land values, and, above all, soaring interest rates. In many
communities, the hostile economy has been accompanied by drought.

Farmers who borrowed heavily during the boom have been caught far out on a limb.
The independent bankers association estimates that one in three farmers now has
debt worth at least 40 percent of his assets, and one in six has debt amounting
to 70 percent or more of assets.

Farm banks found themselves with legions of customers who could barely meet the
interest payments on their loans. Yet the farmers needed fresh loans last spring
to carry them through to another harvest if they were to have any hope of
avoiding bankruptcy. Bankers have negotiated loan extensions, but one common
method of refinancing a loan - selling a piece of land to pay a portion of the
debt - is complicated by the lack of a market for farm land.

The farmers' problems spread quickly to other bank customers. The machinery
dealers, feedlots, packing houses, grain elevators and local stores have
borrowed to tide them over a time of slack business. ''If agriculture doesn't
have any money, then they don't go to town,'' said Eldon Chandler, who was
president of the Hereford Bank when it failed. In Hereford, it was not troubled
farm loans that immediately precipitated the collapse, but loans to stores,
filling stations and repair shops that serve the farmers.

''The bank is forced to support all of those people to support the community,''
said Robert Neelley, president of the Friona State Bank in northern Texas. ''If
it doesn't, everybody goes down together.''

The solution, banking experts agree in a full-throated chorus, is lower interest
rates.

''Our rural communities just cannot live much longer with the interest rates
we're paying today,'' said John Tincher, president of the Lyndon State Bank in
Lyndon, Kan. ''As long as those rates stay at 14 1/2, 15 percent, every
agricultural bank in this country has something to worry about.''

To buy themselves time, bankers have lobbied for Federal loan guarantees, and
they have pleaded for more flexibility from bank examiners in tolerating
troubled loans.

Last month, the Reagan Administration, with an eye on the farm vote, announced a
new program to back up commercial bank farm loans with Federal guarantees.
Bankers would be required to forgive at least 10 percent of a troubled loan in
exchange for the Farmers Home Administration guaranteeing repayment of the
remaining 90 percent. For a loan to qualify, the farmer who holds it would have
to demonstrate that the 10 percent concession would improve his cash flow enough
to give him a reasonable chance of recovery.

The Farmers Home Administration said it expected to be making loan guarantees
within the next few weeks, using $706 million in lending authority just approved
by Congress. But while banking industry leaders initially appeared at an
Administration news conference to praise the program, many farm bankers now
contend it is too little, too complicated, and too late.

Many farm bank officials balk at forgiving debts, saying that would weaken their
own financial position in the eyes of bank examiners. They said picking
candidates for loan forgiveness is difficult, and would antagonize solid
customers who did not qualify for the Federal assistance.

''You'll find a lot of lip service paid to that kind of program, but I'll
venture a guess that you'll see very little participation,'' said Mr. Neelley,
the Texas bank president. But officials of the Farmers Home Administration said
they still believed some banks would use the program, rather than accept face
the alternative of having customers go bankrupt.

Both the Federal Reserve and the F.D.I.C. say they are trying to ease the
situation. They have issued memos to their examiners urging forebearance in
judging bankers' farm loans. Bankers said they have yet to see much change in
attitude among examiners in the field, however.

Says Mr. Barton: ''The bank regulators are increasingly classifying farm debt as
substandard debt.''


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Robert Neelley; Photo of exterior of Friona State Bank; Graph

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             164 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 6, 2017

                          CONERGY WEST SUSSEX LIMITED

                                  CARINA HOUSE
                                SUNRISE PARKWAY
                          LINFORD WOOD BUSINESS CENTRE
                               WORTHING BN13 2QZ


TRADE ADDRESS: Yeoman Gate, Yeoman Way Building A1 (1st Floor), WORTHING BN13
2QZ

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 07306359

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: July 6, 2010
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  Kawa Solar Holdings Limited
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  Kawa Solar Holdings Limited



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name                       Turnove
No.                                                      r
10389956        CWS HOLDCO 2 LIMITED                     0
09274455        MERTHYR MAWR SOLAR FARM LIMITED    619,966
09093372        ASHTON SOLAR FARM LIMITED                0
09093165        STANDLE SOLAR FARM LIMITED         206,655
08656598        BLACKWELL GRANGE SOLAR FARM              0
                LIMITED
08593886        GUSTON A SOLAR FARM LIMITED              0
08489794        SUTTON COURT SOLAR FARM LIMITED          0
-               -                                        -
-               -                                        -
-               -                                        -

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Shaun James Ronaldson, Director
     ·    Mr Kevin Mclelland, Operations And Maintenance Director


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Production of electricity
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Normal   Company acting as agents

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
35110 - Building and repairing of ships
32990

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Full Accounts
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  June 14, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  July 6, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  567,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                               65,429    85,064    94,206
Intangible Assets                                  -         -   755,865
Total Fixed Assets                            65,429    85,064   850,071
Stocks                                     3,261,034 2,502,728    57,108
Debtors                                    4,593,002 5,320,268   274,420
Cash                                       1,410,233 2,016,156   138,496
Miscellaneous Current Assets                 384,960 2,635,289 2,828,272
Other Current Assets                       1,795,193 4,651,445 2,966,768
Total Current Assets                       9,649,229 12,474,44 3,298,296
                                                             1
Fixed Assets                                  65,184    84,840    94,206
Intermediate Assets                              245       224         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                      141,636 2,119,500         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               9,714,658 12,559,50 4,148,367
                                                             5



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                  4,075,235 3,153,868   927,665
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities          3,492,125 2,803,615   633,407
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                   1,879,544         -         -
Due To Group, Current                      1,879,544         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                  1,612,581 2,803,615   633,407
Short Term Loans                           1,879,544         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    - 7,535,375 5,212,688
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            - 7,535,375 5,212,688
Due To Group, Non Current                          - 7,535,375 5,212,688
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                  239,700         -   300,000
Total Current Liabilities                  7,567,360 5,957,483 1,561,072
Total Long Term Liabilities                  239,700 7,535,375 5,512,688
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          7,807,060 13,492,85 7,073,760
                                                             8
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry            20,002    20,002    20,002
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve              1,887,596   -953355  -2945395
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                          1,907,598   -933353  -2925393
Called Up Share Capital                       20,002    20,002    20,002
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 2,147,298 6,602,022 2,587,295


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales        27,256,69 38,132,13 19,106,22
                           2         4         1
Cost of Sales      21,354,83 34,746,69 21,714,34
                           3         6         9
Gross Profit       5,901,859 3,385,438  -2608128
Operating Profit   3,723,776 1,696,887  -3752057
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          0         0         0
Interest Payable     352,842         -         -
Pretax Profit      3,370,934 1,519,087  -3912905
Taxation             529,983   -472953    -10416
Profit After Tax   2,840,951 1,992,040  -3902489
Dividends Payable          0         0         0
Retained Profits   2,840,951 1,992,040  -3902489
Value Added        4,782,138 2,636,792  -2460606
Capital Employed   2,147,298 6,602,022 2,587,295
Net Worth          1,907,598   -933353  -3681258
Working Capital    2,081,869 6,516,958 1,737,224
Emp. Renumeration  1,038,706   911,153   363,780
Dir. Renumeration    291,160   455,548    26,320
Audit Fees            29,000    41,000    30,000
Non-audit Fees             -     4,375     6,000
Depreciation          19,656    28,752   927,671
Number of                 12        15         6
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                               31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
                                                     GBP       GBP       GBP
Net Cashflow From Operating Activities         5,373,675  -2960477 4,049,523
Net Cashflow From Return On Investment And      -5979577         -   -160848
Servicing Of Finance
Net Cashflow Before Financing                    -605923   -445027   -352291
Net Cashflow From Financing                            - 2,322,687         -
Increase In Cash                                 -605923 1,877,660   -352291

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3 5 Years
                    Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP     GBP
Sales              -28.52  42.66  777.07
Pretax             121.91 -186.1 -1063.9
                               5       5
Total Assets       -22.65 134.18   41.39
Current Assets     -22.65 192.55   42.03
Current             27.02 384.75   28.62
Liabilities
Capital Employed   -67.48 -17.01  117.45
Employee Wages         14 185.53  271.94
Number of             -20    100     140
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 2,789 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
40101 Electricity generation



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -2.33     1.11    12.05
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -5.03     -.25     4.91
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                            -22.58     6.98    34.18
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                .66    13.03    28.51
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       32.07     1.34        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .13      .75     2.09
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            -10256.2 88,611.1 226,557.
                                                                   7        8
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  30,977.1   39,750 55,110.2
                                                          8                 2
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    74,000 238,766.  860,000
                                                                   1
Wages / Turnover (%)                                   37.4    10.98     4.73



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  6
=        1
Year -1  1
=        3
Year -2  5
=        7
Year -3  8
=        4

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)              156.98     23.01   -151.24
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                          34.7      12.1    -94.32
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)            176.71   -162.76    133.76
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                          12.37      3.98    -20.48
Sales / Total Assets (%)                          280.57    303.61    460.57
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                          418.15    449.46    202.81
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                         7.64     17.09      9.09
Sales / Stocks                                      8.36     15.24    334.56
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )     61.51     50.93      5.24
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.28      2.09      2.11
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.84      1.67      2.08
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                         98.53   -807.34    -141.6
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                    0.2     -0.07     -0.71
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -   -807.34    -141.6
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                  9.48     10.48     -4.29
Current Liabilities / Stocks                        2.32      2.38     27.34
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees     86,558.8 60,743.53    60,630
(GBP)                                                  3
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                   3.81      2.39       1.9
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)       280,911. 101,272.5   -652150
                                                       2
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)               2,271,39 2,542,142 3,184,370
                                                       1
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees          178,941. 440,134.8 431,215.8
                                                       5
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)           5,432     5,656    15,701
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        809,554. 837,300.3 691,394.5
                                                       8
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                    70.49     57.61    159.02
Value Added / Sales (%)                            17.54      6.91    -12.88
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)         398,511. 175,786.1   -410101
                                                       5
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                  4.6      2.89     -6.76
Sales / Audit Fees                                939.89    930.05    636.87
Total Assets / Audit Fees                         334.99    306.33    138.28
Creditors / Debtors                                 0.89      0.59      3.38
Total Debt / Working Capital                         0.9      1.16         3
Total Debt / Total Assets                           0.19       0.6      1.26

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 2,147,298

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Grant Thornton UK LLP

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2017


                             165 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

House Panel Asks GAO to Research Farm Credit Woes

                           September 19, 1986, Friday

By Dave Ahearn

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Sept. 18


The House Agriculture Committee's credit subcommittee has asked the General
Accounting Office to research ways to solve the farm credit crisis outlined
today in a GAO report.

William J. Anderson, assistant comptroller general, said he will try to have a
report finished by Jan. 1.

In today's report, the GAO found that the Farm Credit System likely will run a
$2.9 billion operating loss for 1986, ''which would essentially deplete the
system's remaining surplus.'' But it still would have $9.6 billion in total
capital.

''Because the system's loan portfolio is essentially related to the depressed
agricultural economy, there is little hope of relief for the loan portfolio
problem during the next few years,'' the report said.

In addition, the system has borrowed money at high fixed rates, but lent money
to farmers at lower adjustable rates that sank still further as interest rates
declined.

The report calls for lessening the frequency of adjusting interest rates on
loans to farmers, making more fixed-rate loans to farmers, borrowing new funds
for the system by issuing securities with a call provision or floating rates,
and issuing more debt with short-term maturities.

But Farm Credit Administration chairman Frank Naylor pointed out that the system
cannot soon roll over about $18 billion of noncallable securities on which it
has to pay high yields.

Mr. Naylor urged the system to more aggressively seize collateral on
nonperforming loans to farmers and sell the collateral to raise money.

But some subcommittee members worry that seizing farms could create a glut of
farm land and depress the market value of all farms, worsening the problem.

Treasury undersecretary George D. Gould, when asked by reporters to comment on
the numbers in the GAO report, said he was ''surprised'' by the $2.9 billion
operating loss figure and said it was ''well beyond the numbers we've received''
from Farm Credit System officials.

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 329 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1986 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             166 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Regulators' Farm Crisis Proposals Viewed Positively

                            March 13, 1986, Thursday

By JOHN P. FORDE

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Observers of the nation's farm bank crisis responded positively to relief
measures that regulators suggested in the Senate on Tuesday.

In Senate Banking Committee hearings on Tuesday, officials of the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corp., the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and the
Federal Reserve Board outlined several steps that they would suggest to provide
relief to farm banks.

Jerry Swords, chairman of Swords Associates in Kansas City, Mo., said the
proposals show that ''the regulatory people are not letting up on poorly made or
speculative loans, but they're much more understanding on operating loans'' to
farmers. Swords Associates is a bank consulting firm that works with many
agricultural lenders.

Sandy McEvoy, director of governmental relations for the Independent Community
Banks of Illinois, said that, at first glance, the group is ''cautiously
pleased'' with the regulators' proposals. She added that they appear similar to
recent policy proposals by the Independent Bankers Association of America and
the American Bankers Association.

''We do believe it will help agricultural banks remain open and help them
continue to extend credit to their customers,'' she said.

The steps proposed on Tuesday included allowing farm banks to operate with
capital below the normal minimum capital requirements, provided the institution
has the capability to restore capital in five years.

The regulators also reaffirmed their policies to allow banks to forbear on farm
loans through appropriate debt restructurings, with the understanding that the
borrower will eventually be able to repay the loan.

They suggested that banks follow Financial Accounting Standards Board Rule 15,
which does not necessarily require a restructured loan to be charged off.  Under
this rule, the loan may stay on a bank's book if the total repayments on the
loan under the restructuring agreement equal at least the loan's principal
value.

''Anything that can be done to help these guys see if they can get a crop in the
ground is good,'' says Mr. Swords.

However, he cautioned that ''you want the guys who are deserving for operating
needs to get [the benefit of the proposals], not the guys who are going to use
it for speculative purposes, such as to buy more land and to feather their own
nest with it.''

While the consultant believes the proposals will help ease the plight of farmers
somewhat, he doesn't see the measures as a panacea for the farm debt crisis. He
believes the only permanent answer to the problem will be found in better crop
prices and lower interest rates.

''The farm economy functions very well at 6%,'' he said. ''Once you get above
that, it just doesn't function that well.''

But as for doing something to answer problems until interest rates come down or
prices go up, he said that ''the start has to be with the people who criticize
these loans.''

Regulators that declare loans nonperforming put the farmer on a ''liquidation
base,'' which causes foreclosures and takes farmers off their land. ''Then he's
on the public dole because you've taken away his means of living,'' said the
consultant.

One banking expert raised questions about the idea.

Anthony M. Santomero, professor of finance at the Wharton School of the
University of Pennsylvania, sees several problems in the reclassified loan
policies and lowered capital requirements for troubled farm banks.

The treatment of nonperforming loans has always been a ''crude classification,''
he said. A nonperforming loan can either be viable under the restructuring
agreement or it can be simply the last step before charging the loan off.

Mr. Sanotmero said he believes some banks may be overly optimistic in declaring
some farm loans restructured but viable. ''While the proposal makes intuitive
sense, its application is likely to result in the forestalling of doom'' at some
institutions, he says.

Also, he says that regulators may be hard pressed to limit the use of a
''restructured'' loan classification to farm banks. ''One thing is clear, '' he
said. ''There is no particular justification for taking one kind of loan and
treating it differentially.''

The lowering of capital ratios for troubled banks is another proposal which
''intuitively makes sense,'' but has practical problems, he said. ''What they're
trying to say is that if you get into trouble, you can use your capital to get
out,'' said Mr. Santomero. However, ''it is only the companies which the
regulators consider well-managed,'' but which ran into problems, which will get
the chance to work at lower capital guidelines, he added.

SECTION: Pg. 11

LENGTH: 769 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1986 American Banker, Inc.


                             167 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Countryman (Western Australia)

                               September 25, 2014
                                 First Edition

$20m drought loans could be too late

SECTION: CTY; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 318  words


WAFarmers has welcomed the long-awaited arrival of $20 million in concessional
loans for the State's drought-stricken farmers, but warns it could be a case of
too little, too late.

In a joint statement released on Tuesday, Federal Minister for Agriculture
Barnaby Joyce and WA Minister for Agriculture and Food Ken Baston announced  WA
farmers could now apply for an Australian Government drought concessional loan.

To be eligible for a loan, WA farm businesses must be experiencing a one-in-20
year drought event, or a one-in-10 year drought event that has caused
significant financial impact.

Applicants must submit a valid Bureau of Meteorology rainfall deficiency report
as part of their application.

Drought concessional loans will be available for debt restructuring, operating
expenses and drought recovery and preparedness activities.

Mr Baston said the Rural Business Development Corporation was geared up to
deliver the loans.

But WAFarmers president Dale Park said although he was pleased to see the loans
finally made available, drought-stricken farmers had been let down over the time
it had taken to administer them, despite best assurances from government.

In late March this year, WAFarmers met with Mr Joyce and called for immediate
action to be taken by the State Government to ensure struggling farmers could
access the drought assistance package as soon as possible, he said

But we are now six months down the track and applications for the loans have
only just opened.

Had the loans been made available sooner, those in need could have put in crops,
appropriately serviced their stock or crops or substantially improved the
operating conditions of their farm businesses.

Mr Joyce said the drought concessional loans were in addition to other forms of
Federal support available to WA farmers such as farm finance concessional loans,
the farm household allowance and rural financial counselling.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2014 West Australian NewsPapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             168 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2013 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                         GlobalData - Company Statement

                               September 6, 2013

                                 AgriBank, FCB

                          30 E 7th Street, Suite 1600
                               St Paul,  MN 55101
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
Overview:

   The statement from the AgriBank, FCB Management's Discussion and Analysis
section is given below. The statement has been taken from the company's 2011
annual report.

   The Farm Credit System: Lending Support to Rural America

   The Farm Credit System is a nationwide network of borrower-owned lending
institutions and specialized service organizations. Farm Credit provides more
than $170 billion in loans, leases, and related services to farmers, ranchers,
rural homeowners, aquatic producers, timber harvesters, agribusinesses and
agricultural and rural utility cooperatives. Nearly one hundred years ago, the
United States (U.S.) Congress established the Farm Credit System to provide a
reliable source of credit for America's farmers and ranchers. The Farm Credit
System has been lending support to rural America throughout the 20th century and
into the 21st century. Today, the Farm Credit System provides more than
one-third of the credit needed by those who live and work in rural America.
Nearing Farm Credit's 100th anniversary, the Farm Credit System has:


     ·    Nearly 500,000 member-borrowers
     ·    political, legal, regulatory, financial markets and economic
          conditions and developments in the U.S. and abroad;
     ·    weather-related, disease, and other adverse climatic or biological
          conditions that periodically occur that impact agricultural
          productivity and income;
     ·    actions taken by the Federal Reserve System in implementing monetary
          policy.


   Financial Overview

   AgriBank's financial strength is clear, as proven by our strong financial
performance in 2011. This strength translates into long-termvalue for
customer/owners. We recorded net income of $464.9 million for the year ended
December 31, 2011. Net income continues to be very strong and reflects the
positive impact from our funding actions and fee income generated on repricing
assets and resulted in our second highest level of earnings trailing only 2010.

   Net interest income for 2011 continues to be very strong and reflects the
positive impact of our funding actions. During 2010, we took advantage of a
favorable interest rate environment and repriced unprecedented levels of debt at
lower costs at a pace, that exceeded the rate at which interest-earning assets
repriced. This continued in 2011, although at a slower pace, which was expected
given the level of activity in 2010 and the absolute low level of interest
rates. During this same timeframe, Association retail customers reduced their
interest costs by converting and refinancing a significant amount of loans,
which ultimately flowed through the pricing of our wholesale loans.

   Net interest income continues to be enhanced by the participation interests
in retail loans purchased under the Asset Pool program,which was initiated in
May 2008, and the AgDirect program, which was initiated in April 2011. Because
these assets were purchased from Associations, they were essentially converted
from wholesale assets to retail assets which positively impacted net interest
incomebecause they earn a retail spread for AgriBank. Related to the Asset Pool
program transactions, we established separate patronage pools for each
Association and in December, our Board declared patronage on each of these pools
in amounts that approximate the net earnings from each pool. Over time, we
expect to pay patronage for the AgDirect program in an amount approximately
equal to the net earnings of the program less a specified return on our capital.
Such patronage is at the sole discretion of the board. No patronage has been
declared on our AgDirect program as of December 31, 2011.

   Non-interest income was $121.7 million for 2011. Loan prepayment and fee
income was $54.4 million in 2011 reflecting fee income generated on repricing
assets. Business services income was $19.9 million in 2011 reflecting revenue
earned from business services offered to our Association customers. Mineral
income of $46.0 million was generated in 2011 from mineral rights held primarily
in North Dakota and Arkansas. Non-interest expense was $105.9 million in 2011
primarily consisting of $61.3 million of operating expenses and $23.3 million of
investment impairment losses. Total loans were $62.0 billion at December 31,
2011, an increase from $59.5 billion at December 31, 2010. AgriBank's primary
business is providing wholesale lending to its affiliated Associations.
Wholesale volume directly reflects the retail marketplace activities at the
Associations which are funded through their wholesale lines with the Bank.
Throughout the year Associations' seasonal operating loan demand was lower than
historical patterns, but this was more than offset by new volume in December
from strong levels of loan originations in the real estate mortgage sector and
advance purchases of 2012 inputs on operating lines. Loans also increased due to
$1.3 billion of loan volume purchased through the AgDirect program operated in
partnership with Farm Credit Associations.

   AgriBank's loan portfolio credit quality improved during 2011 and remains
strong at 99.7% acceptable and special mention under the Farm Credit
Administration's Uniform Classification System at December 31, 2011, up from
99.5% at December 31, 2010. This strong credit quality continues, in part, due
to cash grain producers experiencing strong profitability, higher milk prices
improving dairy profitability and ethanol producers remaining profitable. Our
capital totaled $3.8 billion at December 31, 2011, an increase of $211.0 million
over the capital level at December 31, 2010. This increase is primarily due to
the retention of net income and increased Association stock investments. We
recorded $289.8 million of patronage in 2011, consisting of $126.8 million
related to the Asset Pool program and $163.0 million of wholesale patronage.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Overview
Company Statement                       History
Key Employee Biographies                Key Employees
Key Facts                               Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2013


                             169 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Confidence Found Rising in Midwest

                          November 13, 1980, Thursday

DATELINE: MINNEAPOLIS


The ninth semi-annual survey of more than 700 Midwest bankers, conducted by
Northwestern National Bank of Minneapolis, shows growing optimism and improving
economic conditions throughout the region.  The result is summarized by the
Midwest Confidence Index which has been a good leading indicator of economic
activities in the region.  Back in 1979, the Index correctly predicted the
latest economic downturn.  Now the Index is painting a healthier economic
picture.

"Agriculture will lead the region out of recession," said Sung Won Son, senior
vice president and chief economist at Northwestern, whose staff conducted the
survey.  "Strong farm conditions will help agriculture-related businesses
prosper, with the recovery spreading to the whole farm community and ultimately,
the entire region.  Crops in large parts of the region are considerably better
than the national average," he said."And when combined with much improved
prices, farm income has rebounded sharply from depressed levels this past
spring.

Survey findings reveal most Twin Cities bankers anticipate a slow recovery from
the recession.  Half of these bankers expect economic conditions to remain at
current levels during the next six months, while 30% expect conditions to
improve.  Thus, the economic recovery in the Twin Cities is expected to be
slower than in most farm communities in Minnesota.  This contrasts with the past
six months in which economic activity tended to be more depressed in farm
communities than in the Twin Cities.

The survey of bankers in the Twin Cities, Minesota's Iron Range and rural
communities in Minnesota, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, North and South Dakota and
western Wisconsin found Iowa and Minnesota bankers showing the greatest amount
of confidence concerning the general economic outlook for 1981.  The most
pessimistic appraisal was found in western South Dakota.

According to the survey, liquidity is significantly higher at agricultural banks
as evidenced by a sharp drop in the average loan-to-deposit ratio, falling to
its lowest level in three years.  The increased liquidity is a result of sharply
reduced farm machinery purchases earlier this year; increased marketing of
grains; bonus payments from oil and gas leases; and reductions in beef cattle
herds which have temporarily increased deposits and reduced loans.

Loan demand at agricultural banks is expected to be stronger in 1981.  The
greatest increase is anticipated in crop operating loans, followed by farm
machinery and equipment loans.  The increase in crop operating loans reflects
the upward march in farm production costs combined with the adverse impact the
drought will have on cash flows in some locations.  Liquidity presures, however,
are not expected to become widespread.

Complete results of the survey were released in "northwest Economic Indicators,"
a monthly publication of the Economics Department of Northwestern Bank.

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 490 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1980 American Banker, Inc.


                             170 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Nebraska Thrift Begins Farm Lending Without Shackles Encumbering Banks

                             April 2, 1985, Tuesday

By ANDREA BENNETT

DATELINE: CHICAGO


A Nebraska thrift is moving steadily into a market most banks wish they could
forget - agricultural lending.

American Charter Federal Savings and Loan Association of Lincoln, Neb., is one
of a handful of thrifts nationwide to begin making loans to farmers. And the
$1.35 billion thrift is confident it will be able to escape the problems that
have caused the failure of 11 farm banks this year.

''We're coming into this situation as newcomers,'' said George Allison,
president and chief operating officer of American Charter. ''We don't have the
problems of those who have been in the market awhile.''

Deregulation has given thrifts new powers to move into different types of
lending, including farm lending. But at a time when farm troubles are causing
large numbers of farmers - and lenders - to go out of business, very few thrifts
have decided to jump into the market.

''There may be a half dozen savings and loans in the country'' making farm
loans, Mr. Allison said. ''I don't think they have major positions in their
portfolios.''

At this point, neither does American Charter. The thrift doesn't expect to make
more than $5 or $6 million in agricultural loans in the fiscal year ending June
30. But that number ''could increase substantially in the next year,'' Mr.
Allison said.

American Charter has been making farm loans since early 1984. The thrift has 34
branches in 19 Nebraska cities spread out across the agricultural heartland of
the state. ''You have to be [in agriculture] in Nebraska,'' Mr.  Allison said.

No Old Farm Loans

The thrift is entering the market by going after just those customers farm banks
are most anxious to hang on to - their best, most creditworthy ones.  Mr.
Allison pointed out that in Nebraska, studies show that 10% to 15% of the
farmers are marginal. That means the rest aren't, ''and 50% are in very, very
good shape.''

Mr. Allis on thinks because American Charter is entering farm lending unburdened
by old farm loans, it has certain advantages that will give it the leverage it
needs to wrench away those good customers.

Currently, banks are having to restrict lending because of capital problems
brought on by poor loans. ''We're not restricted in that way,'' he pointed out.

In addition, the thrift provides a variety of loans, ranging from short-term
operating loans to longer term loans for machinery or land improvement.  Instead
of going to two or three different lenders, a farmer can now have most of his
lending needs handled by American Charter, pointed out Dean Kechely, executive
vice president at the thrift.

Banks are also having a difficult time bringing down interest rates on loans.
Capital problems because of heavy losses already incurred on farm loans is one
reason for that, Mr. Allison said. ''We're not completely buying our way into
the market,'' he said, but added that the interest rates the thrift charged were
''at the low end of the scale.''

So far the thrift is pleased by its experience. ''We've had a tremendous
onslaught of applications,'' Mr. Kechely said. ''I think there is quite a demand
out there.''

Mr. Allison termed agricultural lending ''a market of fairly large
opportunity.'' He said it tends to shorten the overall structure of loans made
by the thrift as well as increase its spread since all the farm loans it makes
are adjustable rate.

At the same time, ''we think we're not significantly increasing our credit
risk,'' Mr. Allison said.

Cash Up Front

But the thrift is moving carefully. It studied the market closely, learning from
the ''recent, unpleasant experience'' of other agricultural lenders before it
began making loans. ''It's not something we just decided to do and blundered
into the market,'' Mr. Kechely said.

Before making a loan, American Charter analyzes a farmer's operation, using
underlying economic value and whether an operation will have a good cash flow as
key lending criteria. ''An individual has to have cash,'' Mr. Kechely said.
''Our program is not designed for those that don't.''

The thrift also relies on a history of how the farmer has performed. ''It
basically relates to good record keeping,'' Mr. Kechely said.  In the past,
''banks just didn't use this approach.''

American Charter has big plans for agricultural lending. ''By definition, I
don't think it's going to be a large [part of our loan portfolio], but it's
going to be an important part,'' Mr. Allison said.

The institution is also looking at originating farm loans that other banks and
thrifts might buy. Mr. Allison said about five institutions have already
expressed interest in that.

But above all, the thrift is going to proceed cautiously.  ''We're encouraged at
this point because the experience has been good,'' Mr. Allison said. ''We're
going to put one foot in front of the other.''

SECTION: MARKETING; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 805 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                             171 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 4, 2016 Monday

Farm Bureau Launches Survey to Collect Farmer Feedback on USDA Programs

LENGTH: 275  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Atlanta: Growing Georgia has issued the following news release:



   A new online survey launched by the American Farm Bureau Federation will
collect feedback from farmers and ranchers about their experiences with 10
Agriculture Department programs housed in three agencies. Results will be used
by AFBF to develop recommendations on how USDA can enhance its programs and make
them more useful to farmers and ranchers.





 All farmers and ranchers, not just Farm Bureau members, are encouraged to take
the survey, which takes about 10 minutes to complete.



 "Farmers and ranchers sometimes find it confusing and complex to participate in
USDA programs," said AFBF President Bob Stallman. "At the same time, USDA staff
are concerned that farmers and ranchers who could benefit from a number of
different programs frequently do not apply."



 The survey focuses on the following USDA programs from the Farm Service Agency,
Natural Resources Conservation Service, and Rural Development:



 o Environmental Quality Incentives Program;



 o Conservation Stewardship Program;



 o Conservation Reserve Program;



 o Conservation Reserve Enhancement Program;



 o Value-Added Agricultural Producer Grants;



 o Rural Energy for America Program;



 o Farmers' Marketing and Local Food Promotion Program;



 o Direct Farm Ownership Loans;



 o Direct Farm Operating Loans; and



 o Guaranteed Farm Loans (farm operating and farm ownership).



 AFBF will share feedback from the survey about what is working well with the
programs and how they can be improved with USDA.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             172 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 4, 2016 Monday

Farm Bureau Launches Survey to Collect Farmer Feedback on USDA Programs

LENGTH: 275  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Jackson: Growing Mississippi  has issued the following news release:



  A new online survey launched by the American Farm Bureau Federation will
collect feedback from farmers and ranchers about their experiences with 10
Agriculture Department programs housed in three agencies. Results will be used
by AFBF to develop recommendations on how USDA can enhance its programs and make
them more useful to farmers and ranchers.





 All farmers and ranchers, not just Farm Bureau members, are encouraged to take
the survey, which takes about 10 minutes to complete.



 "Farmers and ranchers sometimes find it confusing and complex to participate in
USDA programs," said AFBF President Bob Stallman. "At the same time, USDA staff
are concerned that farmers and ranchers who could benefit from a number of
different programs frequently do not apply."



 The survey focuses on the following USDA programs from the Farm Service Agency,
Natural Resources Conservation Service, and Rural Development:



 o Environmental Quality Incentives Program;



 o Conservation Stewardship Program;



 o Conservation Reserve Program;



 o Conservation Reserve Enhancement Program;



 o Value-Added Agricultural Producer Grants;



 o Rural Energy for America Program;



 o Farmers' Marketing and Local Food Promotion Program;



 o Direct Farm Ownership Loans;



 o Direct Farm Operating Loans; and



 o Guaranteed Farm Loans (farm operating and farm ownership).



 AFBF will share feedback from the survey about what is working well with the
programs and how they can be improved with USDA.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             173 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

USDA Frees Up $333M to Guarantee More Farm Loans

                             July 6, 1999, Tuesday

Alan Kline


The U.S. Department of Agriculture is freeing up $333 million to meet
unprecedented demand for government-backed farm loans.

Agriculture Department Secretary Dan Glickman said last week that the agency is
shifting funds from its underused direct-lending program into an indirect
program that provides guarantees to banks that lend to farmers. Demand for farm
loans is up 70% so far this year, leaving the $1.3 billion indirect program out
of money with three months left in the fiscal year.

"We have already exhausted the additional emergency loan and guaranteed
operating loan funds provided in the supplemental appropriations bill" signed by
President Clinton in May, Mr. Glickman said.

The demand is being fueled by continued low crop prices. Making less on their
crops, farmers are borrowing more to keep farms operating.

The banking industry applauded the USDA's decision to reallocate funds. John
Blanchfield, manager of the agricultural bankers division at the American
Bankers Association, said applications are backed up all over the country
because the money to guarantee loans ran out.

"This is going to clear up a huge backlog and get us through the rest of the
fiscal year," he said.

Copyright c 1999 American Banker, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: MARKET MONITOR; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 218 words

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 American Banker, Inc.


                             174 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

An Award-Winning Minnesotan Struggles to Keep His Farm

                           December 5, 1985, Thursday

By STEVEN MILLS

DATELINE: CHICAGO


Outside Kenyon, Minn., a small town about 55 miles south of St.  Paul, the
notion that it is the poorly skilled farmer who most often fails is being put to
the test.

On 480 acres of dark, fertile soil, Paul Voxland, who has been farming the same
land for more than 20 years, is wondering whether this year's planting and
harvest will be his last. An award-winning dairy farmer and pork producer, Mr.
Voxland, 47, like so many farmers in southeast Minnesota, has had to deal with
poor milk and hog prices, depressed land values, and higher interest rates,
factors that have turned his once-profitable operation into a losing one for the
fifth consecutive year.

It does not matter that Mr. Voxland this spring was named Goodhue County, Minn.,
Outstanding Citizen of the Year, or that in 1984 he won a statewide ''no-till''
corn yield contest sponsored by the National Corn Growers Association. Nor does
it matter that he has taught two of his sons the skills that helped them win the
Douglas K. Baldwin Award for outstanding performance at Future Farmers of
America shows. Mr. Voxland has not escaped the misfortune that has befallen
agriculture.

But, like his father, who managed to hold on to the family farm through the
Depression, Mr. Voxland has fought back. He has enlisted the aid of, among
others, his neighbor, state Rep. Steve Sviggumcq. Mr. Sviggum, in turn, brought
Mr. Voxland's plight to the attention of Sen. Rudy Boschwitz, R-Minn.  And now,
Mr. Voxland has a chance to save his farm and his way of life.

Federal Program Cut

Mr. Voxland's troubles began in 1976 when he expanded his farm and took his
24-year-old son, Matthew, as a partner. Things got worse when he lost one-third
of his dairy herd, valued at $80,000, to disease in 1982-83 and then lost
$50,000 in the federal payment-in-kind program, which he said was
''devastating'' and forced him to buy corn to feed his herd.

''We probably expanded at the wrong time,'' Mr. Voxland admitted. ''But the
payment-in-kind program took away our ability to grow crops. Had we continued to
raise corn and soybeans, we would have made a healthy profit.''

While Mr. Voxland is sympathetic to the troubles of farm lenders, he insisted
that they can ''very easily destroy a farmer if they want to. I'm out here on a
limb and everybody is trying to cut it off.''

According to Mr. Voxland, it is the Faribault Production Credit Association, or
PCA, that is wielding the ax. Until Mr. Sviggum and Sen.  Boschwitz intervened,
he was scheduled to turn over on April 1 his 150-hog operation, his 40 dairy
cattle, and his machinery because he could not refinance a $230,000 debt owed to
the PCA.

Mr. Voxland's relationship with the PCA began to deteriorate in 1984.  Although
it seems to be more a failure to communicate than a vengeance by either party,
Mr. Voxland says that ''it is now war. I can't work with the PCA any longer.''

For several years, Mr. Voxland had made payments only against the interest of
his debt to the PCA. The PCA then granted Mr. Voxland an operating loan
conditioned upon his selling more than one-third of his land if he failed to
show a profit.

Crop Estimates Wrong

In October 1984, Leo Kahnke, a loan officer with the PCA, told Mr. Voxland that,
based on crop estimates computed from figures supplied by Mr. Voxland, 1984
would be a profitable year.

But, in December, a second computer analysis, this time based on inventories,
actual yields, and market prices, determined that the Voxland farm would show a
$50,000 loss for 1984. Mr. Voxland would have to sell his land.

Mr. Kahnke admitted the first analysis and the lack of communication between the
PCA and Mr. Voxland were unfortunate. ''The estimates were wrong,'' he said.
''There was greater usage of corn by his dairy cattle and his hogs, and milk and
hog prices were quite low. Before the crop is harvested, it is hard to make an
accurate assessment by just walking through the fields.''

Although he and Mr. Voxland are friends, Mr. Kahnke bristles at the suggestion
that the PCA is solely to blame for Mr. Voxland's misfortune. ''I don't think
there is any documentation that this is any different from the rest of the
farmers,'' he said. ''He is an average farmer, and he would be getting by fine
if prices were better.

''When people have financial problems, they are apt to say things they wouldn't
ordinarily say.''

The PCA again told Mr. Voxland to sell land and to cut his son from the
partnership. Mr. Voxland refused and appealed to Mervin Freeman for help. Mr.
Freeman, an agricultural extension agent with the University of Minnesota at
Rochester, performed a computer analysis of the Voxland farm and told Mr.
Voxland that to keep his farm he would have to cut his son from the operation
and sell some land.

''Five straight years of losses tells me there is something wrong,'' Mr.
Freeman said. ''It says to me that we had better well get down to the business
of turning things around. That should have been stopped long ago.''

Mr. Voxland cut his son's salary to $660 a month from $900 a month, but told the
PCA that the analysis indicated that selling land would kill his chances to turn
a profit. He then took the money he would have used against the PCA debt to buy
seed and make land payments. He said the PCA disagreed with Mr. Freeman's
analysis and asked for more information.

''I got to the point where I had no operating money,'' he explained.  ''It's
easy for a lender to say, 'Go sell some land.' But they always point to a few
acres.''

Move to Repossess Farm

The PCA then moved to repossess the Voxland farm. Mr. Voxland filed a
countersuit against the PCA and charged that it did not comply with federal
regulations requiring forbearance if a farmer is making an honest effort to meet
the terms of his loan.

In the spring, Mr. Voxland applied to the Farmers Home Administration, or FmHA,
for a $22,000 operating loan and for restructuring of his debt. The FmHA told
him he was ineligible for restructuring, but nonetheless approved a loan for
$35,000 - $13,000 more than he told them he needed.

Mr. Voxland said he was later declared ineligible for the $35,000 loan, but he
was not told until August. He thinks his case was lost in the shuffle of a
supervisor who retired without leaving instructions to complete his case.

He also applied for and was granted a $25,000 operating loan from the state on
July 8 to help buy down the interest rate from 13% to 10%. But the PCA refused
to honor the state loan even though it had received a $214 down payment on the
loan from the state.

Mr. Kahnke said the PCA refused to honor the state loan because it could not
determine that Mr. Voxland had improved his cash flow. He said that without
evidence of improvements in a farmer's financial health, the PCA was unwilling
to risk the loss.

Mr. Freeman agreed: ''When negative cash flows pile on year after year, it
becomes harder to work out of the problem.''

On Nov. 6, Mr. Voxland was told that he was now eligible for a $200,000 FmHA
restructuring loan, the very same type of loan for which he was ineligible a few
short months ago. In this appeal, however, state Rep. Sviggum and Sen. Boschwitz
were on his side.

''I'm sure they knew Sen. Boschwitz was backing me, but I think we sold them on
our ability to produce and to be efficient,'' Mr. Voxland said.

Mary Lahr, a press secretary for Sen. Boschwitz, downplayed the senator's role
in helping Mr. Voxland. She said the senator only suggested that ''every
available avenue'' be examined before giving up hope.

Mr. Sviggum, who described Mr. Voxland as a ''hard-working, progressive''
farmer, said he appealed to the county board to review the case.

''I certainly can't tell anybody to make a loan or not make a loan,'' he said.
''I just tried to open the avenues.''

Mr. Voxland is now busy harvesting his corn crop. His yields have fallen to an
average of 75 bushels an acre from 120 bushels an acre last year. His soybean
yields are down, too. This year's crop yielded an average of 30 bushels an acre,
compared with last year's average of 45 bushels an acre.

Determined to Survive

Nonetheless, he is sure he can survive these tough times without making the
changes the PCA and Mr. Freeman suggest. ''We're going to work this thing
through,'' he said. ''Unless they try to force me into it, I'm going to run
things as I've been.''

Mr. Freeman is not so certain Mr. Voxland's business will survive. He said it
was essential that Mr. Voxland ''shed some debt. I think it is a noble attempt
to make the internal adjustments to reduce expenses and increase net income, but
I question whether that is possible without some serious capital and operational
restructuring.''

Goodhue County agricultural extension agent Dick Walters said Mr. Voxland would
have to cut back severely to survive. ''He is going to have to fine-tune his
management, cut back on family living, and take a hard look at the way he runs
his operation,'' he said.

There is one aspect of Mr. Voxland that has changed. A lifelong Republican, he
now considers the need for price floors and production controls. ''We just can't
keep going at breakneck speed in production,'' he said.  ''We need price and
money.  We don't need credit.

''I've come to the conclusion that down the road we may have to have production
controls. But that is a bad word in a free country.''

SECTION: AGRICULTURAL LENDING; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 1570 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

HIGHLIGHT:
Is the Plight of the Farmer Worse Today Than It Was During the Great Depression?

GRAPHIC: Picture, Paul Voxland and his son Matthew have had their share of
troubles from the agricultural crisis but are determined to hold out, just like
Paul's father did during the Depression, Minneapolis Star and Tribune Photo

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                             175 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                     Agweek

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 7, 2016 Wednesday

Discipline key to farmers' financial success

BYLINE: Jonathan Knutson, Agweek Magazine

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 612 words


Dec. 07--GRAND FORKS, N.D. -- Farmers and ranchers need to take out sentiment
and emotion to make sound financial decisions, relying instead on discipline and
sound tools, two extension specialists say.

"There's probably more emotion in farming than other business. But it is a
business, and you need to be disciplined when you make financial decisions,"
said Nathan Hulinsky, a Marshall, Minn.-based educator with University of
Minnesota Extension.

He and Pauline Van Nurden, a Willmar, Minn.-based educator with University of
Minnesota Extension, spoke Wednesday at the annual Prairie Grains Conference in
Grand Forks, N.D. They led a session on "Taking Charge of Your Finances: How to
Survive & Thrive" even in tough financial conditions.

The two-day event, which ends Thursday, normally attracts about 900 people. It
crosses commodity and state lines, drawing people primarily from northeast North
Dakota and northwest Minnesota -- an area pounded by a winter storm this week.

Organizers decided to hold the event anyway, and attendance -- scant Wednesday
morning -- picked up in the afternoon as travel conditions and roads, especially
in rural areas, improved.

Agweek will attend Prairie Grains on Thursday, as well, and several other
stories from the conference are planned.

More than 50 people, the great majority relatively young farmers, attended the
session on financial planning. It was billed as primarily for "the next
generation" of producers, with others welcome as well. Most of the comments and
questions at the session came from older producers.

Hulinsky and Van Nurden used material from U of M Extension's Finpack, a
comprehensive farm financial planning and analysis software package. The
material features a hypothetical, but representative, Minnesota farm family that
raises corn and soybean on 1,250 acres The family wants a $500,000 operating
loan for 2017 -- up from a 2016 operating loan of $125,000. It also wants to
borrow $27,000 to buy a $30,000 roller: the family would put down 10 percent, or
$3,000, of the purchase price. The family's thinking is, a bigger operating loan
would provide more breathing space in paying 2017 expenses and a roller would
improve soybean yields. In the past, the family had a neighbor custom-roll its
soybean ground.

Participants in the session were asked whether they would approve the loans if
they were bankers.

Hulinsky and Van Nurden then led the participants through a series of exercises
that determined the hypothetical family's balance sheet and income statement,
among other financial tools used by bankers

"It all comes back to looking at these decisions from what makes financial
sense, not what you'd like to do," Hulinsky said.

The material has been used at previous educational events, and farmers
participating in them typically have a mixed response to whether they would
approve the hypothetical family's loan requests, he said.

In some cases, the full $500,000 operating loan and the $27,000 roller loan are
approved. In others, more than $125,000, but less than $500,000, is approved.
Likewise, some participants approve the roller loan, while others do so only if
the borrower will do custom-rolling with the equipment to cover part of its
cost.

The participants, being mainly farmers, don't necessarily look at the loans in
the way way bankers do, Hulinsky notes. But understanding and using the
financial tools that bankers utilize will help farmers and ranchers make better
decisions, he said.

More information on Finpack: www.cffm.umn.edu/FINPACK.

___ (c)2016 Agweek Magazine (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit Agweek Magazine (Grand
Forks, N.D.) at www.agweek.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161207-AW-Discipline-key-to-farmers-financial-success-1207-20161207

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AW


                             Copyright 2016 Agweek


                             176 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Iowa Moratorium May Be Little Help

                           October 3, 1985, Thursday

By ANDREA BENNETT and RICHARD RINGER

DATELINE: CHICAGO


Few of Iowa's financially distressed farmers are expected to benefit immediately
from a foreclosure moratorium they can now request.

The limited impact is likely because of expected legal challenges and confusion
over what types of farm loans the moratorium covers. In addition, many
commercial bankers say they already have a self-imposed moratorium as they help
farmers struggling with debt payment problems.

The moratorium, nonetheless, brings national attention to the farm financial
crisis, which some observers say is the real intent of the suspension.
Additional attention could be gained if other states follow Iowa's lead, and
Nebraska may do just that.

Iowa farmers can seek a one-year postponement on foreclosure as a result of Gov.
Terry Branstad's decision to declare on Tuesday an ''economic emergency'' in the
state. The governor had contemplated such a declaration for months, and his
press aide, Susan Neely, said he was forced to make it because Congress has
failed to produce a meaningful 1986 farm bill.

Some observers, including several bankers, said Mr. Branstad's action was taken
to enhance his political future. His term ends next year, and it is widely
expected that he will seek re-election.

Mr. Branstad's state-of-emergency declaration put into effect a state law that
allows farmers to seek a moratorium, which must be approved by a district court
judge. The lender can petition to terminate a moratorium if it can be shown that
the lender has acted in good faith and helped the farmer use all available
federal and state programs, and if it can be proved that the farmer hasn't made
interest payments on the debt.

Pete Croghan of Woodbine, a farmer and president of the Iowa Farmers Union,
praised the governor's action. Mr. Croghan said that in discussions with the
governor's aides, he was told that an estimated 1,000 farmers could benefit from
the moratorium.

Of the 110,000 farmers in Iowa, 40% have severe financial problems, according to
the state agriculture department. Those farmers have a debt-to-asset ratio above
70%. Many analysts predict that farmers with debt-to-asset ratios above 40% have
only a slim chance of staying in business.  Could Affect Wide Range of Lenders

The moratorium potentially could affect a wide range of farm lenders, including
state-chartered commercial banks and the various agencies of the Farm Credit
System. After an early September meeting with top Farm Credit officials, Mr.
Branstad said that he feared the system was planning a ''massive liquidation''
of farmers in Iowa and three other midwestern states.

On Wednesday, Mr. Branstad's press aide said the Farm Credit System was studying
the Iowa moratorium, and that system officials may challenge the state's farm
loan foreclosure law. A spokesman for the Farm Credit Bank of Omaha, which has
lending authority in Iowa, could not be reached for comment.

Other legal challenges may focus on what kinds of farm loans are covered by the
moratorium. The Iowa law mentions only farm real estate loans. It is uncertain
whether that means direct loans to finance farm real estate or also farm
operating loans that are collateralized with farm real estate.

Rural commercial banks finance a large number of farm production loans, but they
generally don't finance loans for land purchases. Thus, if the moratorium covers
only loans to finance farm land purchases, the commercial banks won't be
affected much by the moratorium.

The Iowa Bankers Association, which for several years has opposed proposals for
a moratorium, said farmers will not be helped by the governor's decision. Once a
moratorium is lifted, interest payments and principal must still be made. And
lenders may be hesitant to extend credit to some farmers.

A moratorium ''will make it tough on us when we look at some loans,'' said Royce
Nelson, a vice president at Exchange State Bank in Collins. If the bank doesn't
have the option of seeking foreclosure on a farm loan that may sour, the bank
may be reluctant to make the loan. ''It will change the way we look at the loan,
'' Mr. Royce said.

Richard Halverson, executive vice president of Corwith State Bank, said he
doesn't expect the moratorium to have much effect because it covers the farm
borrowers the banks are most likely to work with. ''Most bankers in the state
feel if the farmer is in the position to pay the interest, we'll ride with him
for another year,'' he said.  Might Dry Up Credit

But he said he was afraid the moratorium might dry up potential credit for
farmers. He said he knew of a commitment by out-of-state insurance companies to
lend $1.3 million in his area so farmers could refinance Farm Credit System
loans at lower interest rates. He said there was a chance that those kinds of
commitments would disappear because of the moratorium.

''It could very definitely affect farmers' operating credit,'' said Paul D.
Dunlap, president of Hawkeye Bancorp. of Des Moines. Mr. Dunlap said he doesn't
expect the moratorium to have a major effect on the holding company, but he was
concerned that federal regulators would not show the same forbearance towards
farm loans that the state would now require banks to show.

At least two other states have some form of moratoriums on farm debt. In its
last legislative session, the Minnesota Legislature extended a law originally
enacted in 1983 that allows farmers to go to court to seek either a six-month or
12-month postponement of a foreclosure sale, said Jeff Torp, staff attorney with
the Independent Bankers of Minnesota.

Nebraska has a law that allows farmers to go to court for a nine-month stay of
foreclosure. On Tuesday, members of Nebraska Gov. Bob Kerrey's staff and the
Nebraska attorney general's office met to discuss legal issues surrounding
lengthening the time a farmer could postpone a foreclosure, said Bill Kerrey,
staff assistant to the governor.

He said the issue could arise at a special session that is expected to be called
sometime this year. No date for the special session has been set.

SECTION: AGRICULTURE LENDING; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1009 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                             177 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                            February 2, 2016 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

The pros and cons of switching your farm to company status

BYLINE: THERESA MURPHY

SECTION: FARMING;BUSINESS; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 645 words


QI am a young trained farmer who has inherited a farm from my granduncle.
Although the farm is returning a good level of income I intend to expand the
farm before I become totally reliant on it as a source of income. I have an off-
farm job which will maintain me financially until I can rent/ buy enough land
for a more viable farm business. The farm makes about (EURO)30,000 net profit
and I want to use this income to expand. Am I better to put the farm business
into a company structure or to operate it as a sole trader? A The biggest
difference between operating a business as a limited company and operating as a
sold trader is the rate at which tax is paid on the profits. With corporation
tax still resting at 12.5pc by comparison with the higher band tax rate of
upwards of 50pc, it is certainly worth any farmer's time considering the pros
and cons. In recent years operating a farm business as a limited company has
certainly become an option for dairy farmers as well as larger tillage and
drystock farmers. The following are some of the main considerations involved.

Incorporation or forming a private limited company can provide farmers with an
opportunity to plan and manage taxes more efficiently but succession and
finances are the critical issues to consider.

A limited liability company is a separate legal entity. In most cases the land
and buildings are not transferred to the company, but the stock, tools and
equipment are transferred. If the machinery with loans attached are transferred,
the owner will need to get agreement from the financier or bank to proceed with
incorporation. You will also need to transfer your herd into the company name.

Where entitlements are transferred into the company it is advisable to check
with your agricultural consultant to ensure entitlements are 'activated' to
prevent losing them to the national reserve.

The benefits The main beneficiaries are farmers in expansion mode, that is those
who are buying land, building on the farm or investing heavily in new machinery.

Paying the lower rate of corporation at 12.5pc is an advantage as all of the
money made by the farm can be used to pay the debts or loans once the tax has
been paid. This allows you to pay off loans much quicker than if you had to pay
tax at upwards of 50pc on the money before you made the repayments. Farmers who
pay tax at the higher rate and do not intend to spend all of their income in
that year should also benefit.

Other farmers who would benefit from incorporation are those with an off-farm
income which would push their on-farm earnings into the higher tax bracket.
Where this farmer is not drawing heavily on the farm income allows more monies
to be available for farm improvements etc.

If you intend to maintain yourself with the income obtained from an off-farm
job, while using the profits of the farm to expand, a company structure is worth
considering.

Another significant advantage is that no Universal Social Charge (USC) or Pay
Related Social Charge (PRSI) are payable on company profits. However, if you
choose to pay yourself a salary from the company you will pay the full rate of
income tax on that money, including where it pushes you into the higher tax
band.

So although there are tax advantages for monies applied to loans and
investments, it is not a means of avoiding income tax on your personal income.

Family considerations Family members can also be included as directors or
shareholders and this would make the transition smoother when they take over the
farming enterprise.

Also, where a spouse is employed by the company PRSI contributions will be made
on his/her behalf which adds to that spouse's future state pension entitlements.

This may be relevant if your granduncle intends to stay active in the farming
business after he has transferred the farm.

Theresa Murphy is a barrister based in Ardrahan, Co Galway.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             178 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Agriculture: Life Insurers, Assuring Banks, Seeking Farm Loans

                            November 6, 1995, Monday

By BARBARA F. BRONSTIEN


The life insurance industry is taking a renewed interest in farm real estate
financing, but it claims to be a bank helper rather than a competitor.

"We see ourselves mostly as a cooperative entity with the banks instead of a
direct competitor," said Michael Smith, vice president of investment operations
for Equitable Agribusiness, St. Louis, a subsidiary of Equitable Life Assurance.

Such an assertion is odd to many agriculture bankers, who consider insurance
companies' main target - real estate lending - a key ingredient in the
banker-farmer relationship

"My personal view is that they are direct competitors," said Marc Degenhardt,
executive vice president of $115 million Exchange National Bank, Marysville,
Kan., which has no relationships with insurance companies. "Unfortunately," he
asserted, "I think they are not the type of lender that has the long-term
commitment to the communities like the local bank."

Insurers are longtime lenders on farm mortgages, mainly seeking the long-term
credits as one of many investments for the premiums they receive from life
insurance policyholders.

Life insurance companies held $9.5 billion in farm mortgage loans at the end of
the second quarter, according to the Washington, D.C.-based American Council of
Life Insurance.

Although that's a small portion of the life insurance industry's $211 billion in
total property loans - most are for commercial real estate - insurers still have
a nice slice of the roughly $70 billion-asset farm real estate market.

Life insurance companies held 14% of all agricultural mortgage loans in late
1994, according to data Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. compiled from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture. Commercial banks had 29% of farm real estate loans
and the Farm Credit System 34%.

The insurance industry's history in farm loans dates to the beginning of the
century. Many initially entered the arena around World War I, after government
pleas for help to finance the production of food and fiber, said Leo Rasmussen,
senior vice president of MetLife's agriculture investment department.

"There was a big build-up of insurance companies doing a lot of agriculture
mortgages up until the late 70s and early 80s," said Mr. Rasmussen, whose
department is based in Overland Park, Kan. "Then, when the recession hit ag in
the early 80s, a lot of companies got out."

In 1980, life insurance companies had $12 billion in farm mortgage loans,
according to USDA data provided by MetLife. Their farm loans have been between
about $9 billion and $10 billion for the last five years, according to the
American Council of Life Insurance.

Only four insurance companies have maintained more than a $1 billion portfolio
of farm loans since 1980, according to the data: MetLife, Equitable Life
Assurance, Prudential Life Insurance Company of America and John Hancock Mutual
Life Insurance Co.

Equitable's Mr. Smith said that in the last two years, some insurers have
re-entered the business. "That's primarily because the return on an ag
investment looks pretty good compared with the alternative investments," he
commented.

Insurers say that historically they have worked with community banks rather than
against them.

"Most of the smaller rural banks aren't interested in long-term financing," said
MetLife's Mr. Rasmussen. "They're interested in the shorter-term operating
loans."

"We work well together with the rural bankers of America," he said, adding that
the primary competitor of both banks and insurance companies is the Farm Credit
System.

Jerry Jones, president of $110 million-asset Farmers State Bank, Fort Morgan,
Colo., concurred. "They typically are looking at much larger loan deals than
what we would look at to fund," he said. "In many cases, we actually are working
with them."

Mr. Jones, himself a farm lender for MetLife for three years in the 1970s, said
much of his business then was from bank referrals. Today, Farmers State gives
farm mortgage customers it can't accommodate contacts at insurance companies and
Farm Credit.

"Unless you can develop another funding source, it really kind of locks banks
out of being in direct competition for that type of business," he said.

However, not all agriculture bankers see a friendly relationship with insurance
companies.

Mr. Degenhardt said Exchange National has had "extreme pricing pressure" from
insurance companies on farm loans.

"Ag at this time appears to be an arena they want to be in," Mr. Degenhardt
said, predicting that "they'll be out of it in three or five years."

David Tribble, president of $160 million-asset Farmers Bank of Northern
Missouri, Unionville, said that insurance companies aren't a prominent lending
threat in his area. He's more concerned about their recent foray into automobile
credits. "They're doing two or three a week," he said.

Asked about expanding into other types of farm lending, Mr. Smith said other
credits likely would not be the longer-duration assets Equitable seeks for
policy holders.

However, Mr. Rasmussen said that MetLife would consider large operating accounts
or other large deals. "We really don't expect any more head-to- head competition
with the typical rural banks, because we are talking to clients that are larger
than they would handle," he said.

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING

LENGTH: 882 words

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Smith, photo, chart: Agriculture Mortgage Market

                      Copyright 1995 American Banker, Inc.


                             179 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

State Farm's Thrift Plans Emerge

                           December 8, 1998, Tuesday

By DAVID HARRISON


When the nation's largest property and casualty insurer opens State Farm Bank
next spring, about 300 insurance agencies will be transformed into de facto bank
branches.

Agents of State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Co. will offer consumers
everything from car loans to home mortgages to savings accounts.

State Farm is not the first insurer to charter a thrift, but it is the first one
to focus on retail banking. And with 16,000 offices nationwide, it is the
competitor bankers fear most.

"If State Farm is only successful in selling one banking product a month from
each office, that's 16,000 new accounts per month," said John B. McCoy,
president and chief executive officer of Bank One Corp., at last week's Retail
Delivery '98 conference. "The barriers to enter the banking business are coming
down."

Edward D. Horowitz, corporate executive vice president at Citibank, said the
thrift charter will let State Farm do more than commercial banks. "If we let
these companies take over our businesses, then we're dead," he said at the
conference.

Under federal law, nonbanking companies like State Farm may own one thrift.
After mulling State Farm's request for nearly 14 months, the Office of Thrift
Supervision gave the mutually held insurer the green light on Nov. 12.

State Farm, which is capitalizing the thrift with $104 million, won the
government's guarantee from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. on Nov. 17.

State Farm plans to start small -in St. Louis and its headquarters town of
Bloomington, Ill. After two years the insurer plans to be operating statewide in
Illinois and Missouri and to expand into Arizona.

Once the bank is fully operating in the first three states, 2,200 agents will be
selling banking products to more than six million policyholders and other
prospective customers. If things go well, State Farm Bank would be operating
nationwide by 2002.

The five-page approval by the Office of Thrift Supervision is short on details.
"The savings bank must operate within the parameters of its business plan," the
order says. The agency has refused to release the business plan, saying it is
confidential.

In a series of interviews, Stanley R. Ommen, president and chief executive
officer of State Farm Bank, refused to provide many details about the banking
operation. Even State Farm agents have not been clued in yet.

"We're in one of the initial sites, and I as an agent really don't know how we
fit," said Thomas Brokaw, a State Farm insurance agent in Bloomington. "I know
we're very excited about it. Whatever way they present it to the agents, it's
going to be presented in a way that we're going to want to participate."

State Farm plans to offer an array of consumer financial products, including car
loans and leases, home mortgages and equity loans, credit cards, certificates of
deposit and savings, and checking and money market accounts.

Products will be advertised through newspapers, radio, and a direct-mail
campaign, according to papers filed with the OTS by State Farm attorney A.
Patrick Doyle. The papers stated that State Farm will also market directly to
real estate and mortgage brokers in the Bloomington area.

Technically the insurance offices will not be bank branches, because they will
not take deposits or underwrite loans.

Customers will fill out initial paperwork for services at the agents' offices.
The agents will have pre-addressed envelopes on hand, but it will be up to the
customers to mail everything from loan applications to certificates of deposit
to the bank's headquarters in Bloomington for processing.

Further contact between bank employees and customers will occur by phone or
mail, Mr. Ommen said.

Agents will be paid a flat fee for each banking product they sell, but the
amounts have not been finalized, he said. Agents will have to comply with
banking industry regulations. For example, they will be required to disclose
whether services are federally insured.

And in a rare move, the OTS required State Farm Bank to hire a full-time
compliance officer.

At first, checking accounts will be available only to State Farm employees. Mr.
Ommen said the company is not sure whether customers will be comfortable having
their checking accounts processed from a remote location with no real branches
nearby.

State Farm will also offer an ATM card that will work on most networks and
function as a point of sale card, Mr. Ommen said. The company does not plan to
install its own machines.

In the spring of 2000, State Farm plans to roll out its credit card. Mr. Ommen
said some type of rewards program, such as cash back to frequent users, will
probably be offered with the credit card. State Farm customers might be able to
automatically apply their bonuses to their insurance premiums.

About that time the bank plans to ramp up its Internet and on-line banking
services, which would let customers pay bills, transfer money, and balance their
checkbooks from home.

Within three years, Mr. Ommen said, State Farm Bank should be a nearly $900
million-asset institution. State Farm will not look a lot different once it
becomes the parent company of an active bank. The bank will employ only 12
people. State Farm Bank plans to hire outside companies to keep track of
deposits and provide loan underwriting.

Existing departments of the bank's parent company, such as accounting,
telemarketing, human resources, and other administrative functions, will be
contracted as if they were outside firms, Mr. Ommen said. "We're leveraging off
our existing operations," he said.

Copyright c 1998 American Banker, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: COMMUNITY; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 945 words

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ommen, photo

                      Copyright 1998 American Banker, Inc.


                             180 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 1, 2015 Thursday

Farm Loan Programs; Programs Changes

LENGTH: 6319  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register, Government of USA has issued the following news
release:


Action

Final Rule.
Summary

The Farm Service Agency (FSA) is amending Farm Loan Programs (FLP) loan making
and servicing regulations to reflect several changes required by the
Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm Bill). The changes were implemented
administratively upon the passage of the 2014 Farm Bill; this rule makes
conforming amendments in the FSA regulations.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    Background
    CL; Increase Percent of Guarantee
    Direct FO as Part of Joint Financing Arrangement; Interest Rate
    Mineral Rights Appraisal; Eliminate Requirement
    Downpayment FOs; Increase Maximum Loan Amount
    YL; Eliminate Rural Residency Requirement
    YL; Forgiveness of Debt
    ML; Exclude From OL Term Limit Rule and Special Interest Rate for Beginning
or Veteran Farmers
    Guaranteed OL; Eliminate Term Limit
    Beginning Farmer; Amending Definition To Modify Acreage Ownership Limitation

    Notice and Comment
    Effective Date
    Executive Order 12866 and 13563
    Regulatory Flexibility Act
    Environmental
    Executive Order 12372
    Executive Order 12988
    Executive Order 13132
    Executive Order 13175
    Unfunded Mandates
    Paperwork Reduction Act
    E-Government Act Compliance
    Federal Assistance Programs
    List of Subjects
    PART 761--FARM LOAN PROGRAM; GENERAL PROGRAM ADMINISTRATION
    Subpart A--General Provisions
    PART 762--GUARANTEED FARM LOANS
    PART 764--DIRECT LOAN MAKING
    Subpart E--Downpayment Loan Program
    Subpart G--Operating Loan Program
    PART 765--DIRECT LOAN SERVICING--REGULAR
    Subpart F--Required Use and Operation of Agency Security

DATES: Back to Top

Effective: December 31, 2014.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Bradley A. Johnson, telephone: (202) 720-5847. Persons with disabilities or who
require alternative means for communications (Braille, large print, audiotape,
etc.) should contact the USDA Target Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice).
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top
Background Back to Top

The FSA FLP direct loans and loan guarantees provide credit to farmers whose
financial risk exceeds a level acceptable to commercial lenders. Through direct
and guaranteed Farm Ownership loans (FO), Operating Loans (OL), and Conservation
Loans (CL); direct Microloans (ML), direct Emergency Loans (EM) and Land
Contract (LC) guarantees, FSA assists tens of thousands of farmers each year in
starting and maintaining profitable farm businesses. FSA loan funds may be used
to pay normal operating or family living expenses; make capital improvements;
refinance certain debts; and purchase farmland, livestock, equipment, feed and
other materials essential to farm operations. FSA services extend beyond the
typical loan by offering farmers ongoing consultation and advice, to help to
make their farm successful. These loans are a temporary source of credit.
Farmers with direct loans generally are required to graduate to other credit
when their financial condition will allow them to do so.

In addition, the YL Program provides operating loans of up to $5,000 to eligible
individual youths, ages 10 to 20, to finance income producing, agriculture
related projects. The project must be of modest size, educational and initiated,
developed and carried out by youths participating in 4-H Clubs, Future Farmers
of America (FFA), or a similar organization.

Throughout this rule, any reference to "farm" or "farmer" also includes "ranch"
or "rancher", respectively.

This rule makes changes in the FSA regulations required by several provisions of
the 2014 Farm Bill (Pub. L. 113-79) regarding FSA's loan making and servicing
programs. More specifically, the changes:

Increase the percent of guarantee for CLs;
    Reduce the interest rate for direct FOs made under a joint financing
arrangement;
    Eliminate the oil, gas, and mineral appraisal requirement;
    Increase the maximum loan amount for a direct FO made under the downpayment
program;
    Eliminate the rural residency requirement for the YLs ;
    Allow a borrower who had YL debt forgiveness to receive future Government
loans under certain circumstances;
    Exclude MLs to beginning or veteran farmers from the existing OL term
limitations, and add a special ML interest rate available to beginning and
veteran farmers;
    Eliminate the term limit for guaranteed OLs; and
    Amend the definition of a beginning farmer, specifically the maximum owned
acreage requirement.

CL; Increase Percent of Guarantee Back to Top

Guaranteed CLs promote conservation practices on farms that help protect natural
resources, and provide credit for farmers to implement these conservation
measures on their land. Unlike FSA's traditional FO and OL Programs that are
targeted toward family and less financially established farmers, eligibility
requirements for the CL Program permit FSA to provide assistance to applicants
who may not be a family farmer or are financially strong.

Section 5002 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 304(e) of the Consolidated
Farm and Rural Development Act (CONACT) (7 U.S.C. 1924e) to increase the percent
of guarantee for CLs from 75 percent to 80 percent, and authorized a 90 percent
guarantee for a qualified beginning or socially disadvantaged (SDA) farmer.
Lenders will now be able to have a greater guarantee on CLs.

Previously, CL received a 75 percent guarantee, which was less than the typical
90 percent guarantee on an FO or farm OL guarantee. Partially due to this lower
percentage of guarantee, the use of CLs have been extremely limited since
guaranteed FO or OL funds may also be used for conservation purposes.

This rule amends 7 CFR 762.129 and 762.130 to increase the percent of guarantee
for CL. The increase in CL guarantee to 80 percent and the even higher 90
percent guarantee to beginning or SDA farmers will increase the use of CL
guarantees used to implement conservation practices, which benefit not only the
farmer, but the environment as well.
Direct FO as Part of Joint Financing Arrangement; Interest Rate Back to Top

Direct FOs made as part of a participation (joint financing) arrangement are
eligible for a special joint financing interest rate. These loans require that a
commercial lender or private party provide a portion of the financing, such that
the FO does not exceed 50 percent of the total amount financed. FOs may be used
to purchase a farm, enlarge an existing farm, construct or improve farm
structures, pay closing costs, and for soil and water conservation and
protection. Repayment terms may be as long as 40 years and the maximum FO
indebtedness is limited to $300,000.

Section 5003 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 307(a)(3) of the CONACT (7
U.S.C. 1927(a)(3)) to reduce the interest rate for FOs that are part of a joint
financing arrangement. This joint financing interest rate is the direct FO
regular interest rate minus 2 percent, with a floor of 2.5 percent.

Previously, the joint financing interest rate for FOs was 5 percent and has been
since March 24, 1997. For several years, the joint financing interest rate of 5
percent has been higher than the direct FO interest rate. As a result, there has
been no financial incentive for the farmer to finance a portion of the real
estate purchase with another lender, unless she or he qualified as a beginning
or SDA farmer who was able to receive a downpayment FO with a lower interest
rate.

This rule amends 7 CFR 764.154 to change the interest rate for FOs that are part
of a joint financing arrangement. This reduced interest rate for FOs made under
a joint financing agreement will encourage farmers to seek commercial lender
financing, and therefore reduce FSA financing of the farm to 50 percent or less.
FSA expects to be able to leverage the use of our typically limited direct FO
funds, to assist an even greater number of eligible family farmers.
Mineral Rights Appraisal; Eliminate Requirement Back to Top

FSA uses appraisals to determine the value of real and personal property.
Appraisals ensure there is adequate security to support FSA loan making and
servicing actions.

Section 5004 of the 2014 Farm Bill eliminated the requirement that in order for
FSA to have the rights to oil, gas, or other minerals as FO collateral, the
products' value must be considered in the appraised value of the real estate
securing the loan.

Section 307(d) of the CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1927(d)), previously required that for
FOs; the value of oil, gas, or other minerals must be included in the appraised
value of the real estate security in order for FSA to have a valid lien on those
products. This rule removes this mineral appraisal requirement in 7 CFR 761.7
and 765.252 for all future FLP loans. For all loans made after February 7, 2014,
the date of the 2014 Farm Bill was enacted, FSA will have a security interest in
oil, gas, or other minerals on or under the property regardless of whether the
value of those products were included in the appraisal value of the property.
This security interest is reflected in the FSA mortgage forms.
Downpayment FOs; Increase Maximum Loan Amount Back to Top

FSA downpayment FOs are used to assist beginning and SDA farmers in purchasing a
farm. The loans have a lower interest rate than other FO loans and require
participation by another lender, along with cash down payment requirement of 5
percent.

Section 5005 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 310E(b)(1)(C) of the CONACT
(7 U.S.C. 1935(b)(1)(C)) to increase the maximum loan limit for downpayment FOs
to 45 percent of $667,000. This amount is $300,150; however, section 305 of the
CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1925) limits the maximum loan amount for each FO, including
downpayment FOs, to $300,000.

Previously, downpayment FOs were limited to a maximum of $225,000 (45 percent of
$500,000) and all other types of direct FOs were limited to $300,000. This
difference in maximum loan amounts was a limiting factor in many loan
transactions, particularly as loan amounts have increased due to rising farm
real estate values. The rule amends 7 CFR 764.203 to increase the maximum loan
limit for downpayment FO loans to $300,000.
YL; Eliminate Rural Residency Requirement Back to Top

FSA makes YL of up to $5,000 to eligible individual youths, ages 10 to 20, to
finance income producing and agricultural related projects. The project must be
modest in size, educational, and initiated, developed and carried out by youths
participating in a 4-H Club, FFA, or similar organization.

Section 5102 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 311(b)(1) of the CONACT (7
U.S.C. 1941(b)(1)) to eliminate the rural residency requirement for YL. Eligible
youth in suburban and urban areas will now be eligible for YL.

Previously, to be eligible for a YL the applicant had to reside in a rural area.
FSA regulations further defined this as "residing in a rural area, city, or town
with a population of 50,000 or fewer people." The rule amends 7 CFR 764.302 to
eliminate the rural residency requirement for YL. The removal of this
requirement now allows FSA to extend YL assistance to youth residing in suburban
and urban areas to finance eligible agricultural related projects.
YL; Forgiveness of Debt Back to Top

Forgiveness of YL debt, due to circumstances beyond the borrower's control, will
no longer preclude the borrower from obtaining additional loans from any U.S.
Government agency. Additionally, borrowers with YL debt forgiveness, or who are
delinquent on a YL, will now be able to receive student loans. The servicing and
collection of YLs is not affected by the statute and will continue under the
present regulations.

Section 5103 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 311(b) of the CONACT (7
U.S.C. 1941(b)) to authorize the Secretary of Agriculture to, on a case by case
basis, provide debt forgiveness of a YL if the borrower was unable to repay the
loan due to circumstances beyond the control of the borrower. The Secretary may
also determine that the debt forgiveness was caused by national disaster, act of
terrorism, or other man-made disaster that resulted in an inordinate level of
damage severely affecting the YL borrower. The debt forgiveness provided by this
section is not to be used by other Federal agencies in determining eligibility
of the borrower for any loan made or guaranteed by that agency.

In no case will a borrower provided debt forgiveness or a delinquent borrower be
denied a loan or loan guarantee from the Federal government to pay for
educational expenses of the borrower. As a practical matter, FSA has always
provided debt forgiveness, in the form of debt settlement, to YL borrowers on
the same terms as any other borrower. To determine if the forgiveness is beyond
the borrower's control, consideration of the circumstances will be added to the
Agency Handbooks and this rule revises the definition of "debt forgiveness" in 7
CFR 761.2. This will ensure that, if the inability to pay giving rise to the
debt forgiveness was due to circumstances beyond the borrower's control, it will
not be used in consideration of a FSA loan application. As this is a mandate on
the entire Federal Government with particular emphasis on loans for educational
expenses, FSA will also make information regarding this change available to all
YL borrowers who receive debt forgiveness and any other Federal agency that is
considering a loan application from the borrower after debt forgiveness or while
they are delinquent.

With regard to YL debt servicing prior to debt forgiveness, the Debt Collection
Improvement Act of 1996 (DCIA) (Pub. L. 104-134, April 26, 1996) requires that
delinquent debts be reported to Treasury so that centralized collection can be
pursued through the Treasury Offset Program and outside collection agencies.
Section 373 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C. 2008h) also limits FSA direct loan borrowers
to only one debt forgiveness from FSA. These requirements were not changed by
the 2014 Farm Bill.
ML; Exclude From OL Term Limit Rule and Special Interest Rate for Beginning or
Veteran Farmers Back to Top

FSA initiated the ML Program in 2013 to better serve the unique financial
operating needs of beginning, niche, or the smallest of family farm operations.
ML offers more flexible access to credit for these types of family farm
operations, who often face limited financing options.

Section 5106 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 311 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C.
1941) to exclude MLs made to beginning or veteran farmers from the direct OL
term limit. Section 12201 of the 2014 Farm Bill defines a "veteran farmer or
rancher" as someone who has served in the Armed Forces of the United States and
who has not farmed, or has farmed for 10 years or less. This rule amends 7 CFR
761.2 to include the definition of a veteran farmer.

As previously mentioned, the term "farm" or "farmer" also includes the term
"ranch" or "rancher," respectively. Therefore, all references to the term "farm"
or "farmer" will also respectively include "ranch" or "rancher," including the
definition of a "veteran farmer." Once the farmer is no longer a beginning
farmer or once a veteran has farmed more than 10 years, any ML they receive will
count toward the OL term limit. Section 5106 of the 2014 Farm Bill also amended
section 316 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1946) to make available a special interest
rate on ML equal to half the rate on 5-year treasuries plus 1 percent, but never
less than 5 percent, to beginning or veteran farmers.

Previously, only MLs made to beginning farmers were excluded from the OL term
limit. This rule amends 7 CFR 764.252 to expand the exclusion to include veteran
farmers.

In addition, previously the ML interest rate was either the regular OL rate or a
limited resource rate. This rule amends 7 CFR 764.254 to add the 2014 Farm Bill
special ML interest rate that will be at the same rate as the limited resource
OL rate, but will not be subject to special servicing reviews by FSA since it
will not be considered a limited resource interest rate. For a beginning or a
veteran farmer applying for a ML, they will now be able to choose between the
direct OL interest rate and the special ML interest rate. These changes in the
ML program will benefit both beginning and veteran farmers, who typically have
fewer financial resources and limited options available to finance their farming
operation.
Guaranteed OL; Eliminate Term Limit Back to Top

Section 5107 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 319 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C.
1949) to eliminate all guaranteed OL term limits. Family farmers will no longer
be restricted in the number of years they can receive a guaranteed OL.

Guaranteed OLs are used to assist family farmers to obtain credit for normal
operating expenses, machinery, equipment, and livestock purchases, minor real
estate repairs or improvement, and to refinance debt. The repayment term may
vary, but are never longer than 7 years. OLs used to pay for normal operating
expenses are set up as a line of credit and are typically repaid within 12
months.

Previously, guaranteed OL borrowers were limited to no more than 15 years in
which they could receive OLs. As a result, many family farmers who continued to
have difficulty in meeting lender credit standards and had received 15 years of
OL, were unable to receive additional guaranteed OLs. The rule amends 7 CFR
762.122 to eliminate all guaranteed OL term limits. These family farmers will
now be able to obtain additional guaranteed OLs, which typically will provide
them with access to credit on better rates and terms.
Beginning Farmer; Amending Definition To Modify Acreage Ownership Limitation
Back to Top

Section 5303 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 343 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C.
1991) to change the owned real farm property limit from 30 percent of the median
farm acreage to 30 percent of the average farm acreage. FSA makes and guarantees
loans to beginning farmers who are unable to obtain financing from commercial
lenders. Each fiscal year, FSA targets a portion of its direct and guaranteed FO
and OL funds to beginning farmers.

Previously, to meet FSA's definition of a beginning farmer, the loan applicant
must not have owned real farm property that exceeded 30 percent of the median
farm acreage, except for an OL applicant. According to the 2012 Census of
Agriculture, nationally the median size farm is 80 acres, while the average size
farm is 434 acres. The farm acreage limit, previously based on the median, set a
limit so low in many counties it precluded applicants who owned small acreages
of real farm property from qualifying as a beginning farmer. This eliminated
many otherwise qualified applicants from accessing FSA farm loan funds targeted
to beginning farmers. The rule amends 7 CFR 761.2 to change the owned real farm
property limit. The farm acreage limit, now based on the average, will now allow
many qualified applicants access to farm loan funds targeted to beginning
farmers, which previously were not available to them.
Notice and Comment Back to Top

In general, the Administrative Procedure Act (5 U.S.C. 553) requires that a
notice of proposed rulemaking be published in the Federal Register and
interested persons be given an opportunity to participate in the rulemaking
through submission of written data, views, or arguments with or without
opportunity for oral presentation, except when the rule involves a matter
relating to public property, loans, grants, benefits, or contracts. This rule
involved matters relating to loans and is therefore being published as a final
rule without the opportunity for comments.
Effective Date Back to Top

The Administrative Procedure Act provides generally that before rules are issued
by Government agencies, the rule is required to be published in the Federal
Register, and the required publication of a substantive rule is to be not less
than 30 days before its effective date. One of the exceptions is when the agency
finds good cause for not delaying the effective date. As noted above, the
changes in this rule are conforming changes because the 2014 Farm Bill allowed
no discretion in the changes and thus were implemented administratively after
the enactment of the 2014 Farm Bill. Using the administrative procedure
provisions in 5 U.S.C. 553, FSA finds that there is good cause for making this
rule effective less than 30 days after publication in the Federal Register.
Therefore, this final rule is effective when published in the Federal Register.
Executive Order 12866 and 13563 Back to Top

Executive Order 12866, "Regulatory Planning and Review," and Executive Order
13563, "Improving Regulation and Regulatory Review," direct agencies to assess
all costs and benefits of available regulatory alternatives and, if regulation
is necessary, to select regulatory approaches that maximize net benefits
(including potential economic, environmental, public health and safety effects,
distributive impacts, and equity). Executive Order 13563 emphasizes the
importance of quantifying both costs and benefits, of reducing costs, of
harmonizing rules, and of promoting flexibility.

The Office of Management and Budget (OMB) designated this rule as not
significant under Executive Order 12866, "Regulatory Planning and Review," and,
therefore, OMB was not required to review this final rule.
Regulatory Flexibility Act Back to Top

In accordance with the Regulatory Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C. 601-612), as amended
by the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act of 1996 (SBREFA),
generally require an agency to prepare a regulatory flexibility analysis of any
rule subject to the notice and comment rulemaking requirements under APA or any
other law, unless the agency certifies that the rule will not have a significant
economic impact on a substantial number of small entities. All FSA direct loan
borrowers and all farm entities affected by this rule are small businesses
according to the North American Industry Classification System and the U. S.
Small Business Administration. There is no diversity in size of the entities
affected by this rule, and the costs to comply with it are the same for all
entities.

In this rule, FSA is revising regulations that affect both loan making and loan
servicing. FSA does not expect these changes to impose any additional cost to
the lenders or borrowers. Therefore, FSA certifies that this rule will not have
a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities.
Environmental Back to Top

The environmental impacts of this rule have been considered in a manner
consistent with the provisions of the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA,
42 U.S.C. 4321-4347), the regulations of the Council on Environmental Quality
(40 CFR parts 1500-1508), and the FSA regulations for compliance with NEPA (7
CFR part 1940, subpart G). The changes contained in the rule are all mandatory
changes required by the 2014 Farm Bill and involved no discretion by FSA, either
in whether to implement or how to implement the changes; therefore, they are not
subject to review under NEPA. FSA is making these changes through a final rule
to update the regulations to match the changes previously implemented
administratively with an agency directive in February 2014. As such, FSA will
not prepare an environmental assessment or environmental impact statement for
this regulatory action.
Executive Order 12372 Back to Top

Executive Order 12372, "Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs," requires
consultation with State and local officials. The objectives of the Executive
Order are to foster an intergovernmental partnership and a strengthened
Federalism, by relying on State and local processes for State and local
government coordination and review of proposed Federal Financial assistance and
direct Federal development. For reasons set forth in the Notice to 7 CFR part
3015, subpart V (48 FR 29115, June 24, 1983), the programs and activities within
this rule are excluded from the scope of Executive Order 12372.
Executive Order 12988 Back to Top

This final rule has been reviewed in accordance with Executive Order 12988,
"Civil Justice Reform." This rule will not preempt State and local laws and
regulations unless they represent an irreconcilable conflict with this rule.
Before any judicial action may be brought concerning the provisions of this rule
the administrative appeal provisions of 7 CFR parts 11 and 780 are to be
exhausted.
Executive Order 13132 Back to Top

This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 13132, "Federalism." The
policies contained in this rule do not have any substantial direct effect on
States, the relationship between the Federal government and the States, or the
distribution of power and responsibilities among the various levels of
government. Nor does this rule impose substantial direct compliance costs on
State and local governments. Therefore, consultation with the States is not
required.
Executive Order 13175 Back to Top

This rule has been reviewed in accordance with the requirements of Executive
Order 13175, "Consultation and Coordination with Indian Tribal Governments."
Executive Order 13175 requires Federal agencies to consult and coordinate with
tribes on a government-to-government basis on policies that have tribal
implications, including regulations, legislative comments or proposed
legislation, and other policy statements or actions that have substantial direct
effects on one or more Indian tribes, on the relationship between the Federal
Government and Indian tribes or on the distribution of power and
responsibilities between the Federal Government and Indian tribes.

FSA has assessed the impact of this rule on Indian tribes and determined that
this rule does not, to our knowledge, have tribal implications that require
tribal consultation under Executive Order 13175. If a Tribe requests
consultation, FSA will work with the USDA Office of Tribal Relations to ensure
meaningful consultation is provided where changes, additions, and modifications
identified in this rule are not expressly mandated by the 2014 Farm Bill.
Unfunded Mandates Back to Top

Title II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (UMRA, Pub. L. 104-4)
requires Federal agencies to assess the effects of their regulatory actions on
State, local, or Tribal governments or the private sector. Agencies generally
must prepare a written statement, including a cost benefit analysis, for final
rule with Federal mandates that may result in expenditures of $100 million or
more in any 1 year for State, local, or Tribal governments, in the aggregate, or
to the private sector. UMRA generally requires agencies to consider alternatives
and adopt the more cost effective or least burdensome alternative that achieves
the objectives of the rule. This rule contains no Federal mandates under the
regulatory provisions of Title II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995
(UMRA, Pub. L. 104-4) for State, local, or Tribal governments, or private
sector. Therefore, this rule is not subject to the requirements of sections 202
and 205 of UMRA.
Paperwork Reduction Act Back to Top

This regulatory changes in this final rule do not require any changes to the
currently information collection request of OMB control numbers, 0560-0155,
0560-0233, 0560-0236, 0560-0237, 0560-0238 and 0560-0230.
E-Government Act Compliance Back to Top

FSA is committed to complying with the E-Government Act, to promote the use of
the Internet and other information technologies to provide increased
opportunities for citizen access to Government information and services and
other purposes.
Federal Assistance Programs Back to Top

The title and number of the Federal assistance programs, as found in the Catalog
of Federal Domestic Assistance, to which this final rule would apply are: 10.099
Conservation Loans; 10.404 Emergency Loans; 10.406 Farm Operating Loans;
and10.407 Farm Ownership Loans.
List of Subjects Back to Top
7 CFR Part 761

Accounting
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 762

Agriculture
    Banks
    Banking
    Credit
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Agricultural commodities
    Livestock

7 CFR Part 764

Agriculture
    Disaster assistance
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Agricultural commodities
    Livestock

7 CFR Part 765

Agriculture
    Credit
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Agricultural commodities
    Livestock

For the reasons discussed above, FSA amends 7 CFR chapter VII as follows:
begin regulatory text
PART 761--FARM LOAN PROGRAM; GENERAL PROGRAM ADMINISTRATION Back to Top

The authority citation for part 761 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart A--General Provisions Back to Top

1.Amend § 761.2(b) as follows:

a. Amend the definition of "Beginning farmer" in paragraph (5) by removing the
word "median" each time it appears and adding the word "average" in its place;

b. Revise the definition of "Debt forgiveness"; and

c. Add the definition of "Veteran farmer" in alphabetical order.

The additions read as follows:
§ 761.2 Abbreviations and definitions.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

* * * * *

Debt forgiveness is a reduction or termination of a debt under the Act in a
manner that results in a loss to the Agency.

(1) Debt forgiveness may be through:

(i) Writing down or writing off a debt pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2001;

(ii) Compromising, adjusting, reducing, or charging off a debt or claim pursuant
to 7 U.S.C. 1981; or

(iii) Paying a loss pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2005 on a FLP loan guaranteed by the
Agency.

(2) Debt forgiveness does not include:

(i) Debt reduction through a conservation contract;

(ii) Any writedown provided as part of the resolution of a discrimination
complaint against the Agency;

(iii) Prior debt forgiveness that has been repaid in its entirety;

(iv) Consolidation, rescheduling, reamortization, or deferral of a loan; or

(v) Forgiveness of YL debt, due to circumstances beyond the borrower's control.

The Agency will use the criteria in 7 CFR 766.104(a)(1) to determine if the
circumstances were beyond the borrower's control.

* * * * *

Veteran farmer is a farmer who has served in the Armed Forces (as defined in 38
U.S.C. 101(10)) and who--

(1) has not operated a farm; or

(2) has operated a farm for not more than 10 years.

* * * * *
§ 761.7 [Amended]

2.In § 761.7, remove paragraph (b)(3).
PART 762--GUARANTEED FARM LOANS Back to Top

3.The authority citation for part 762 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
§ 762.122 [Amended]

4.In § 762.122, remove paragraph (b) and redesignate paragraphs (c) through (e)
as (b) through (d).

5.In § 762.129, revise paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) to read as follows:

The revision reads as follows:
§ 762.129 Percent of guarantee and maximum loss.

(a) Percent of guarantee. The percent of guarantee will not exceed 90 percent
based on the credit risk to the lender and the Agency both before and after the
transaction. The Agency will determine the percentage of guarantee. See
paragraph (b) of this section for exceptions.

(b) Exceptions. The guarantee will be determined by the Agency except:

(1) For OLs and FOs, the guarantee will be issued at 95 percent if:

(i) The sole purpose of a guaranteed FO or OL is to refinance an Agency direct
farm loan. When only a portion of the loan is used to refinance a direct Agency
loan, a weighted percentage of a guarantee will be provided; or

(ii) When the purpose of a guaranteed FO is to participate in the downpayment
loan program; or

(iii) When a guaranteed OL is made to a farmer who is participating in the
Agency's down payment loan program. The guaranteed OL must be made during the
period that a borrower has the down payment loan outstanding; or

(iv) When a guaranteed OL is made to a farmer whose farm land is subject to the
jurisdiction of an Indian tribe and whose loan is secured by one or more
security instruments that are subject to the jurisdiction of an Indian tribe.

(2) For CLs, the guarantee will be issued at 80 percent; however, the guarantee
will be issued at 90 percent if:

(i) The applicant is a qualified SDA farmer; or

(ii) The applicant is a qualified beginning farmer.

(c) CLP and PLP guarantees. All guarantees issued to CLP or PLP lenders will not
be less than 80 percent.

* * * * *
§ 762.130 [Amended]

6.In § 762.130(a)(2)(ii) remove "75" and add "80 or 90" in its place.
PART 764--DIRECT LOAN MAKING Back to Top

7.The authority citation for part 764 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart E--Downpayment Loan Program Back to Top

8.Revise § 764.154(a)(3) to read as follows:
§ 764.154 Rates and terms.

(a) * * *

(3) If the FO loan is part of a joint financing arrangement and the amount of
the Agency's loan does not exceed 50 percent of the total amount financed, the
interest rate charged will be the greater of the following:

(i) The Agency's Direct Farm Ownership rate, available in each Agency office,
minus 2 percent; or

(ii) 2.5 percent.

* * * * *

9.Revise § 764.203(b)(3) to read as follows:
§ 764.203 Limitations.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(3) $667,000; subject to the direct FO dollar limit specified in 7 CFR
761.8(a)(1)(i).

* * * * *
Subpart G--Operating Loan Program Back to Top

10.Revise § 764.252 to read as follows:
§ 764.252 Eligibility requirements.

(a) The applicant must comply with the general eligibility requirements
established in § 764.101.

(b) The applicant and anyone who will sign the promissory note, except as
provided in paragraph (c) of this section, must not have received debt
forgiveness from the Agency on any direct or guaranteed loan.

(c) The applicant and anyone who will sign the promissory note, may receive
direct OL loans to pay annual farm operating and family living expenses,
provided that the applicant meets all other applicable requirements under this
part, if the applicant:

(1) Received a write-down under section 353 of the Act;

(2) Is current on payments under a confirmed reorganization plan under Chapter
11, 12, or 13 of Title 11 of the United States Code; or

(3) Received debt forgiveness on not more than one occasion after April 4, 1996,
resulting directly and primarily from a Presidentially-designated emergency for
the county or contiguous county in which the applicant operates. Only applicants
who were current on all existing direct and guaranteed FLP loans prior to the
beginning date of the incidence period of a Presidentially-designated emergency
and received debt forgiveness on that debt within 3 years after the designation
of such emergency meet this exception.

(d) In the case of an entity applicant, the entity must be:

(1) Controlled by farmers engaged primarily and directly in farming in the
United States; and

(2) Authorized to operate the farm in the State in which the farm is located.

(e) The applicant and anyone who will sign the promissory note, may close an OL
in no more than 7 calendar years, either as an individual or as a member of an
entity, except as provided in paragraphs (e)(1) through (4) of this section. The
years may be consecutive or nonconsecutive, and there is no limit on the number
of OLs closed in a year. Microloans made to a beginning farmer or a veteran
farmer are not counted toward this limitation. Youth loans are not counted
toward this limitation. The following exceptions apply:

(1) This limitation does not apply if the applicant and anyone who will sign the
promissory note is a beginning farmer.

(2) This limitation does not apply if the applicant's land is subject to the
jurisdiction of an Indian tribe, the loan is secured by one or more security
instruments subject to the jurisdiction of an Indian tribe, and commercial
credit is generally not available to such farm operations.

(3) If the applicant, and anyone who will sign the promissory note, has closed
direct OL loans in 4 or more previous calendar years as of April 4, 1996, the
applicant is eligible to close OL loans in any 3 additional years after that
date.

(4) On a case-by-case basis, may be granted a one-time waiver of OL term limits
for a period of 2 years, not subject to administrative appeal, if the applicant:

(i) Has a financially viable operation;

(ii) And in the case of an entity, the members holding the majority interest,
applied for commercial credit from at least two lenders and were unable to
obtain a commercial loan, including an Agency-guaranteed loan; and

(iii) Has successfully completed, or will complete within one year, borrower
training. Previous waivers to the borrower training requirements are not
applicable under this paragraph.

11.Add § 764.254(a)(4) to read as follows:
§ 764.254 Rates and terms.

(a) * * *

(4) The Agency's Direct ML OL interest rate on an ML to a beginning farmer or
veteran farmer is available in each Agency office. ML borrowers in these groups
have the option of choosing the ML OL interest rate or the Direct OL interest
rate in effect at the time of approval, or if lower, the rate in effect at the
time of closing.

* * * * *
§ 764.302 [Amended]

12.In § 764.302, remove paragraph (d) and redesignate paragraphs (e) through (f)
as paragraphs (d) through (e).
PART 765--DIRECT LOAN SERVICING--REGULAR Back to Top

13.The authority citation for part 765 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart F--Required Use and Operation of Agency Security Back to Top

14.Revise § 765.252(b)(1) to read as follows:
§ 765.252 Lease of security.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(1) For FO loans made from December 23, 1985, to February 7, 2014, and loans
other than FO loans secured by real estate and made from December 23, 1985, to
November 1, 2013, the value of the mineral rights must have been included in the
original appraisal in order for the Agency to obtain a security interest in any
oil, gas, and other mineral associated with the real estate security.

* * * * *
end regulatory text

Signed on December 16, 2014.

Val Dolcini,

Administrator, Farm Service Agency.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             181 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 11, 2016 Monday

Washington: Update Your Records

LENGTH: 504 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has
issued the following news release:





 FSA is cleaning up our producer record database. If you have any unreported
changes of address or zip code or an incorrect name or business name on file
they need to be reported to our office.





 Changes in your farm operation, like the addition of a farm by lease or
purchase, need to be reported to our office as well. Producers participating in
FSA and NRCS programs are required to timely report changes in their farming
operation to the County Committee in writing and update their CCC-902 Farm
Operating Plan.



 Save Time - Make an Appointment



 To insure maximum use of your time and to insure that you are afforded our full
attention to your important business needs, please call our office ahead of your
visit to set an appointment and to discuss any records or documentation that you
may need to have with you when you arrive for your appointment.



 For Wayne County FSA, please call 402-375-2453.  For other local FSA Service
Center contact information, please visit:
http://offices.sc.egov.usda.gov/locator/app.

 Farm Loan Graduation Reminder



 FSA Direct Loans are considered a temporary source of credit that is available
to producers who do not meet normal underwriting criteria for commercial banks.




 FSA periodically conducts Direct Loan graduation reviews to determine a
borrower's ability to graduate to commercial credit. If the borrower's financial
condition has improved to a point where they can refinance their debt with
commercial credit, they will be asked to obtain other financing and partially or
fully pay off their FSA debt.



 By the end of a producer's operating cycle, the Agency will send a letter
requesting a current balance sheet, actual financial performance and a projected
farm budget. The borrower has 30 days to return the required financial
documents. This information will be used to evaluate the borrower's potential
for refinancing to commercial credit.



 If a borrower meets local underwriting criteria, FSA will send the borrower's
name, loan type, balance sheet and projected cash flow to commercial lenders.
The borrower will be notified when loan information is sent to local lenders.




 If any lenders are interested in refinancing the borrower's loan, FSA will send
the borrower a letter with a list of lenders that are interested in refinancing
the loan. The borrower must contact the lenders and complete an application for
commercial credit within 30 calendar days.



 If a commercial lender rejects the borrower, the borrower must obtain written
evidence that specifies the reasons for rejection and submit to their local FSA
farm loan office.



 If a borrower fails to provide the requested financial information or to
graduate, FSA will notify the borrower of noncompliance, FSA's intent to
accelerate the loan, and appeal rights.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             182 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                             May 12, 2010 Wednesday

Udder Side cleared again on DIP

BYLINE: by Kevin Fung

LENGTH: 355 words


Udder Side Dairy LLC can keep milking a debtor-in-possession loan.

Judge Jim D. Pappas of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of Idaho in
Pocatello on Wednesday, May 12, approved the Idaho farming company's continued
use of a $90,000 DIP loan from Cyprien Gentillon, whose family name once was the
company's. Pappas previously approved interim use of the DIP on April 30.

According to the April 21 DIP motion, Udder Side Dairy will use the loan to pay
normal operating expenses at its farm, including planting, fertilizing,
cultivating and harvesting crops. The DIP is priced at 6% per annum and matures
on Jan. 31, 2011, or when the harvested crops are sold, whichever comes first.
The loan is secured by a first-priority lien on the crops and any proceeds from
their sale.

Pappas on Wednesday also gave Udder Side continued permission to tap the cash
collateral of secured creditor Keybank NA. The bank asserts a claim of $3.9
million, secured by the debtor's real estate, equipment, livestock and milk
proceeds.

With approval to use the cash, Udder Side can funnel the revenue generated from
livestock and milk sales toward normal operating expenses during its bankruptcy.
With final approval, it would have permission to use cash collateral through
Dec. 31.

Pappas is scheduled to consider further use of the DIP and cash collateral on
June 9.

Udder Side Dairy, the successor by a merger with Gentillon Farms LLC, filed for
Chapter 11 on April 21, succumbing to the economic recession and slumping
agricultural industry. The Pingree, Idaho, debtor estimated both assets and
liabilities at $1 million to $10 million.

A Section 341(a) meeting of creditors is scheduled for June 4.

Udder Side is the latest farming company to file for bankruptcy protection.
Across the nation, Arthur Gilt Farms LLC, of Fountaintown, Ind.; DeFair Farms
LLC, Statesboro, Ga.; Ted Miller Dairy LLC, Jerome, Idaho; Ariel Mushroom Farm
Inc.,Watsonville Calif.; and Jurgielewicz Duck Farm, Moriches, N.Y., among
others, have submitted Chapter 7 or 11 petitions this year.

Brent Robinson from Robinson Anthon & Tribe in Rupert, Idaho, is debtor counsel.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2010 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             183 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 14, 2016 Thursday

Washington: April Interest Rates & Important Dates

LENGTH: 141  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has
issued the following news release:





 April Interest Rates

 Commodity Loans - 1.625%

 Farm Storage Facility Loan, 7-Year - 1.625%

 Farm Storage Facility Loan, 10-Year - 1.875%

 Farm Storage Facility Loan, 12-Year - 2.000%



 Farm Loan Program

 Operating Loans - 2.250%

 Farm Ownership Loans - 3.500%

 Farm Ownership-Down Payment Loans - 1.500%

 Farm Ownership-Joint Financing Loans - 2.500%

 Emergency Loans - 3.250%



 Dates to Remember

 April 15 - Final date to request ARC-CO payment recalculation for 2014 and/or
2015

 May 30 - Office closed in observance of Memorial Day

 May 31 - Final date to apply for 2015 commodity loans on corn, soybeans, and
sunflowers



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:



 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             184 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           December 8, 2016 Thursday

Discipline called key to farmers' success

BYLINE: Jonathan Knutson Forum News Service

SECTION: A; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 546 words


GRAND FORKS - Farmers and ranchers need to push aside sentiment and emotion to
make sound financial decisions, relying instead on discipline and sound tools,
two extension specialists say.

"There's probably more emotion in farming than other business. But it is a
business, and you need to be disciplined when you make financial decisions,"
said Nathan Hulinsky, a Marshall, Minn.-based educator with the University of
Minnesota Extension.

He and Pauline Van Nurden, a Willmar, Minn.-based educator with the extension,
spoke Wednesday at the annual Prairie Grains Conference in Grand Forks. They led
a session on "Taking Charge of Your Finances: How to Survive & Thrive" even in
tough financial conditions.

The two-day event, which ends today, normally attracts about 900 people. It
crosses commodity and state lines, drawing people primarily from northeastern
North Dakota and northwestern Minnesota - an area that was pounded by a winter
storm this week.

Organizers decided to hold the event anyway, and attendance - scant Wednesday
morning - picked up in the afternoon as travel conditions and roads improved,
especially in rural areas.

More than 50 people, most of them relatively young farmers, attended the session
on financial planning. It was billed as primarily for "the next generation" of
producers. Most of the comments and questions at the session came from older
producers.

Hulinsky and Van Nurden used material from the UM Extension's Finpack, a
comprehensive farm financial planning and analysis software package. The
material features a hypothetical, but representative, Minnesota farm family that
raises corn and soybean on 1,250 acres.

The family wants a $500,000 operating loan for 2017 - up from a 2016 operating
loan of $125,000. It also wants to borrow $27,000 to buy a $30,000 roller: the
family would put down 10 percent, or $3,000, of the purchase price. The family's
thinking is, a bigger operating loan would provide more breathing space in
paying 2017 expenses and a roller would improve soybean yields. In the past, the
family had a neighbor custom-roll its soybean ground.

Participants in the session were asked whether they would approve the loans if
they were bankers.

Hulinsky and Van Nurden then led the participants through a series of exercises
that determined the hypothetical family's balance sheet and income statement,
among other financial tools used by bankers.

"It all comes back to looking at these decisions from what makes financial
sense, not what you'd like to do," Hulinsky said.

The material has been used at previous educational events, and participating
farmers typically have a mixed response to whether they would approve the
hypothetical family's loan requests, he said.

In some cases, the full $500,000 operating loan and the $27,000 roller loan are
approved. In others, more than $375,000, but less than $500,000, is approved.
Likewise, some participants approve the roller loan, while others do so only if
the borrower will do custom-rolling with the equipment to cover part of its
cost.

The participants, being mainly farmers, don't necessarily look at the loans the
same way way bankers do, Hulinsky notes. But understanding and using the
financial tools bankers utilize will help farmers and ranchers make better
decisions, he said.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2016 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             185 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                February 8, 2017

                                  NUON UK LTD

                                ABBEY WAREHOUSE
                                   ABBEY SLIP
                                    PENZANCE
                               PENZANCE TR18 4AR


TRADE ADDRESS: Abbey Warehouse Abbey Slip, PENZANCE TR18 4AR

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 03446477

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: October 2, 1997
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 4

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  Nuon International Renewables Projects B.V.
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  Vattenfall AB



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name                   Turnover
No.
06941519        SWINFORD WIND FARM LIMITED     5,611,09
                                                      9
06834016        NANT BACH WIND FARM LIMITED           0
03494533        RHEOLA WIND FARM LIMITED        619,966
03494498        PEN Y CYMOEDD WIND FARM         619,966
                LIMITED
03292728        PENDINE WIND FARM LIMITED      1,329,30
                                                      1
02840895        PARC CYNOG WIND FARM LIMITED    759,768
-               -                                     -
-               -                                     -
-               -                                     -
-               -                                     -

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Piers Basil Guy, Uk Development Director
     ·    Mr Carl Martin Reinholdsson, Director
     ·    Mr Peter Tornberg, Director
     ·    Mr Alper Elmas, Director
     ·    Mr Jonas Van Mansfeld, Director


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    MsSandraLeece


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: 405030 Production of electricity
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Normal   Company acting as agents

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
35110 - Building and repairing of ships
64200 - Telecommunications

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Full Accounts
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  September 19, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  October 2, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  1,701,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            118,462,9 39,991,23 35,053,29
                                                  07         9         6
Intangible Assets                              7,497    10,067    12,637
Total Fixed Assets                         118,470,4 40,001,30 35,065,93
                                                  04         6         3
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                          469         -    62,173
Cash                                         874,046 3,353,469       510
Miscellaneous Current Assets               1,677,740   787,328 4,447,859
Other Current Assets                       2,551,786 4,140,797 4,448,369
Total Current Assets                       2,552,255 4,140,797 4,510,542
Fixed Assets                                       - 7,198,776 4,984,507
Intermediate Assets                        118,462,9 32,792,46 30,068,78
                                                  07         3         9
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         - 3,417,277
TOTAL ASSETS                               121,022,6 44,142,10 39,576,47
                                                  59         3         5



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -   346,845   149,060
Bank Overdraft                                     -         - 1,269,300
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities             88,454 5,690,846   161,445
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                      38,138 4,908,120         -
Due To Group, Current                         38,138 4,908,120         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                     50,316   782,726   161,445
Short Term Loans                              38,138 4,908,120 1,269,300
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                     88,454 6,037,691 1,579,805
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                             88,454 6,037,691 1,579,805
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry         149,105,8 60,105,80 60,105,80
Reserves                                          00         0         0
Profit & Loss Account Reserve              -28171595 -22001388 -22109130
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                          120,934,2 38,104,41 37,996,67
                                                  05         2         0
Called Up Share Capital                    142,055,1 53,055,10 53,055,10
                                                  02         2         2
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)         7,050,698 7,050,698 7,050,698
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 120,934,2 38,104,41 37,996,67
                                                  05         2         0


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/2015 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                      4         3
                          GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                 -         -    47,773
Cost of Sales               -         -         0
Gross Profit                -         -    47,773
Operating Profit     -7828797   -905968   -101437
Export                      -         -         -
Nontrading Income      73,673 1,254,949 1,313,305
Interest Payable            -     8,008     1,376
Pretax Profit        -7763424   340,973   -283865
Taxation             -1593217   233,231         -
Profit After Tax     -6170207   107,742   -283865
Dividends Payable           0         0         0
Retained Profits     -6170207   107,742   -283865
Value Added          -7826227   -903398    -35032
Capital Employed   120,934,20 38,104,41 37,996,67
                            5         2         0
Net Worth          120,926,70 38,094,34 37,984,03
                            8         5         3
Working Capital     2,463,801  -1896894 2,930,737
Emp. Renumeration           -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration           0         0         0
Audit Fees             23,351     9,904    19,080
Non-audit Fees              -         -         -
Depreciation            2,570     2,570    66,405
Number of                   4         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                               31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
                                                     GBP       GBP       GBP
Net Cashflow From Operating Activities                 -   851,177   -111162
Net Cashflow From Return On Investment And             -     -7199  -1484552
Servicing Of Finance
Net Cashflow Before Financing                          - 2,377,728  -1595714
Net Cashflow From Financing                            -   975,231   567,725
Increase In Cash                                       - 3,352,959  -1027989

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts   2 Years      3 5 Years
                            Years
                       GBP    GBP     GBP
Sales                    -      -       -
Pretax             -2376.8 2,634.  241.84
                         4      9
Total Assets        174.17 205.79  218.89
Current Assets      -38.36 -43.42    3.68
Current             -98.53  -94.4  -99.77
Liabilities
Capital Employed    217.38 218.28 -15713.
                                        1
Employee Wages           -      -       -
Number of                -      -       -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 2,789 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
40101 Electricity generation



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -2.33     1.11    12.05
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -5.03     -.25     4.91
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                            -22.58     6.98    34.18
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                .66    13.03    28.51
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       32.07     1.34        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .13      .75     2.09
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            -10256.2 88,611.1 226,557.
                                                                   7        8
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  30,977.1   39,750 55,110.2
                                                          8                 2
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    74,000 238,766.  860,000
                                                                   1
Wages / Turnover (%)                                   37.4    10.98     4.73



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  10
=         0
Year -1  10
=         0
Year -2  10
=
Year -3  44
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                               1/12/2015 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                                 4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)               -6.42      0.89     -0.75
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                         -6.41      0.77     -0.72
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)             -6.42      0.89     -0.75
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -    -594.2
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -      0.12
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -      0.01
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -  6,134.71
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -    475.02
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities               28.85      0.69      2.86
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                 28.85      0.69      2.86
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                          0.03     12.88      3.34
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      1      0.86      0.96
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                 -0.11      2.29    123.42
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)       -1940856         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees         30,233,55         -         -
                                                       1
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)       30,255,66         -         -
                                                       5
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                     99.2    -37.74     810.3
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -    -73.33
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)         -1956556         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -       2.5
Total Assets / Audit Fees                       5,182.76     4,457  2,074.24
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -       2.4
Total Debt / Working Capital                        0.02     -2.59      0.43
Total Debt / Total Assets                              0      0.11      0.03

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 120,934,205

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Ernst & Young LLP

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2017


                             186 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     February 7, 1988, Sunday, City Edition

Farm foreclosures // Norwest Bank Worthington vs. James R.  Ahlers

SOURCE: Preview

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; You Be The Judge; Pg. 3D

LENGTH: 873 words



Following is a summary of a case to be decided this term by the U.S.    Supreme
Court. Readers are invited to make their own decision; a tally    will be
published in a forthcoming issue of Perspective.



 The issue

   May a farmer avoid foreclosure by reorganizing operations under a    plan in
which he would contribute labor and expertise to keep the farm    going?



 The background

   The disastrous farm economy of the 1980s has caused numerous    defaults on
farm mortgage loans. Among them was that of James and Mary    Ahlers, owners of
a grain and livestock farm in Nobles County, Minn.    The farm is subject to a $
525,854 first mortgage held by the Federal    Land Bank of St. Paul and a $
450,468 second mortgage held by Norwest    Bank Worthington.

     The Ahlerses defaulted on the Norwest mortgage in November 1984.

 Norwest sued to recover possession of farm equipment that partly    secured the
loan. The Ahlerses filed for reorganization under Chapter    11 of the
Bankruptcy Code. The filing automatically stayed (put on    hold) all lawsuits
against the Ahlerses.

     Both banks asked the bankruptcy court to lift the stay on the    ground
that the Ahlerses had no feasible reorganization plan, and the    court agreed.
The U.S. Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals reversed that    ruling, saying the
Ahlerses' expertise in managing and operating the    farm was a form of capital
they could invest in the reorganization    plan.

     The underlying issue of the case is the goals of the Bankruptcy    Code.
The purpose of reorganizing under Chapter 11 is to protect the    value of the
enterprise. The Ahlerses argue that the best way to do    this is to allow them
to continue operating the farm. But the banks    disagree, seeing nothing to be
gained by allowing the Ahlerses to    retain their interest in the farm.

     The case has immense practical importance for the nation's farm    economy.

 Thousands of farmers face imminent bankruptcy; many are    already insolvent.
Virtually all these farmers are heavily in debt to    banks or other lenders on
loans secured by real estate or machinery.

 Foreclosure of these loans is certain to wipe out any realistic    prospect
that people like the Ahlerses will be able to keep their    farms.

     The appeals court's ruling offers hope to these farmers. In many    cases,
it would allow insolvent farmers to retain possession of their    properties
even when they can provide no security for creditors other    than the promise
of future labor. Instead of losing their farms for    certain, they have the
prospect of holding on to the property if they    can bring it back to
profitability. If the ruling is affirmed by the    Supreme Court, it is likely
that debtors of all sorts will rush to    reorganize under Chapter 11. In each
case, the contention will be that    the debtor's ownership interest should not
be wiped out because the    debtor is going to contribute services and expertise
to the reorganized    enterprise.

     Creditors, on the other hand, are hurt by the ruling, which allows
debtors to insulate property from foreclosure for years on the mere    promise
of future services. If the property does not return to    profitability, the
creditors are likely to lose much more than they    would if they foreclosed at
the time of insolvency. The impact on    agricultural banks is likely to be
especially severe. Bank failures are    now epidemic in rural areas, and the
federal land bank system has    already failed and had to be rescued by
Congress.



 The arguments    For Norwest Bank Worthington:

   A debtor may not retain ownership of a reorganized enterprise by a    mere
promise of future labor when there are dissenting creditors who    have not been
paid. Under established principles of bankruptcy law the    interests and
desires of creditors come first.

 For James R. Ahlers:

   Bankruptcy law does not rule out the practice of allowing ownership    to be
retained if there is a new contribution of skill and labor even    though
dissenting creditors have not been paid. The bank's    interpretation works a
monumental fraud on the American people and on    distressed farmers.



 Your ruling

    I would rule:



    For Norwest Bank Worthington.





    For James R. Ahlers.



 Name    Address

   Send to You Be the Judge, Perspective, St. Petersburg Times, P.O.    Box 419,
St. Petersburg, Fla. 33731-0419.



 Readers' ruling

   In Bankers Life and Casualty Co. vs. Lloyd M. Crenshaw (Jan. 17),    readers
ruled that large monetary awards for punitive damages in civil    lawsuits are
"excessive fines" prohibited by the Eighth Amendment.

 The tally was 13 for Bankers Life and Casualty Co. and 5 for Lloyd M.
Crenshaw.



LOAD-DATE: November 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Times Publishing Company


                             187 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 21, 2014 Sunday

Washington: Microloan Program

LENGTH: 230  words

DATELINE: Washington


Small Business Administration has issued the following news release:

The Farm Service Agency (FSA) developed the Microloan (ML) program to better
serve the unique financial operating needs of beginning, niche and small family
farm operations.

USDA is raising the borrowing limit for the microloan program from $35,000 to
$50,000, effective Nov. 7, 2014. The loan features a streamlined application
process built to fit the needs of new and smaller producers. This loan program
will also be useful to specialty crop producers and operators of community
supported agriculture (CSA).

Eligible applicants can apply for a maximum amount of $50,000 to pay for initial
start-up expenses such as hoop houses to extend the growing season, essential
tools, irrigation and annual expenses such as seed, fertilizer, utilities, land
rents, marketing, and distribution expenses. As financing needs increase,
applicants can apply for a regular operating loan up to the maximum amount of
$300,000 or obtain financing from a commercial lender under FSA's Guaranteed
Loan Program.

Individuals who are interested in applying for a microloan or would like to
discuss other farm loan programs available should contact their local FSA office
to set up an appointment with a loan official.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             188 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      July 9, 1982, Friday, Final Edition

FmHA: a 4-Letter Word;
Farmers Feel Plowed Under by a Supposed Benefactor

BYLINE: By Ward Sinclair, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; The Federal Report; A17

LENGTH: 1100 words

DATELINE: KINGSTON, Ohio, July 8, 1982


A new dirty word has crept into the traditionally earthy language of the
American farmer.

It's spelled F-m-H-A, and it stands for the Farmers Home Administration.

Time was, the FmHA got little but appreciation for its role as a benefactor of
farmers who couldn't find financial aid in standard commercial channels. But
that has changed.

Here in Ohio, as in other parts of the country, farmers and members of Congress
are in a state of high agitation over FmHA's handling of 1982 farm operating
loans and its treatment of heavily indebted farmers.

They say that Secretary of Agriculture John R. Block and the FmHA have not kept
their promise of leniency in dealing with farmers' financial problems in these
trying economic times.

A federal court ruling in Georgia this month held that FmHA rules discriminate
against farm-loan applicants. This led members of Congress to order a General
Accounting Office investigation of the agency's loan policies.

Rep. Thomas A. Daschle (D-S.D.), one of the complaining legislators, said, "The
record is very clear. They are not being lenient with loan applicants. There is
no sense of humaneness. FmHA has become antagonistic--they want people to come
in on their knees, begging. The administration thinks it can save money this
way. They don't understand that FmHA is supposed to be a service."

FmHA administrator Charles W. Shuman assured the House Agriculture Committee
earlier this year that his agency did not have a "hit list" of delinquent farm
accounts it wanted to phase out, although policy directives sent to the states
suggested otherwise.

The latest FmHA figures, through the end of May, show that 33.9 percent of its
farm loans were delinquent. Legislators contend that many of the delinquencies
are the result of a shaky farm economy, depressed commodity prices and weather
damage, rather than poor management.

Block pledged to be lenient with farmers in trouble through no fault of their
own, but FmHA statistics indicate a rapidly rising number of "forced" and
"voluntary" liquidations, farmers giving up because they've been told by FmHA
they can't make it.

Between October and the end of April, there were 351 FmHA foreclosures (compared
with 140 in all of fiscal 1981). During the same period, 4,018 borrowers gave up
the ghost. In May, another 1,477 borrowers packed it in.

While Block and his lieutenants steadfastly deny that FmHA has followed the
coercive course that Daschle asserts, they find few believers in farmers like
Eugene Patrick, a widely respected, innovative farmer who raises corn and
soybeans on a 1,000-acre farm in Pickaway County, 40 miles south of Columbus.

Patrick took Block seriously when he pledged earlier this year that the FmHA
loan policy would be guided by patience, generosity and efforts to guide
economically troubled farmers through the hard times.

But somehow, Patrick figures, Block's promise got lost in translation. After
months of haggling with the FmHA, facing new questions each time he answered the
last ones, Patrick still can't get the 1982 operating loan for which he says he
is qualified. His loan denial by county and district offices is being appealed
to state headquarters.

Meanwhile, Patrick financed this year's planting with extended credit from Don
Humphrey, his fertilizer dealer, who in return has a mortgage on the farmer's
crop. Humphrey said he is carrying about 15 percent of his 5,500 customers in
similar fashion, a severe strain on his business, because of generally tightened
lending policies in this area.

Patrick and his wife, Joanne, began negotiating with FmHA for 1982 operating
money in October when it became clear that the Production Credit Association,
which finances the bulk of Pickaway County's farmers, was going to get tougher.

The PCA's tightening threw a wrench into FmHA operations. As FmHA offices around
the state were besieged with loan requests from farmers, they couldn't keep up
with the paper flow. There weren't enough clerks and loan officers.

Paul Corson, head of the FmHA office in nearby Circleville, conceded that there
had been problems. "Eventually, we had enough personnel, but unfortunately it
took a lot of applications to pile up before we got the help we needed. . . .
This state's FmHA offices are not very well staffed. Hopefully, the higher-ups
will not let this happen again."

But there was something else new in the FmHA equation this year. Corson, again:
"Anybody who came through here will tell you it took too long. But it takes time
to meet all the requirements. And there were many changes this year. We were
authorized to speed up the procedures, but even with that, a lot of farmers
around here didn't know by March 1 that they wouldn't have credit from other
sources."

The Patricks, however, prepared for the worst. They got nowhere with FmHA. The
accountant and the lawyer they hired to help them got nowhere. They now have a
thick dossier that amply documents the frustrations of dealing with an agency
that won't give yes for an answer.

Perhaps the most curious element in their dossier is FmHA's rejection of what
appeared to be an innovative effort by the Patricks to deal with their problem.

"We knew we had to achieve a better cash flow because of the debt we incurred
from hail damage in 1980 and low yields due to bad weather last year," Patrick
said. "So we went out and got a contract to grow white corn, a contract with a
milling firm for $3.50 a bushel, or about 75 cents more per bushel than we could
get from yellow corn."

One of FmHA's rejections held that white corn wouldn't bring that price, even
though the Patricks had produced a contract. Another FmHA rejection quoted an
Ohio State University corn specialist to the effect that the Patricks' yield
projections were too high.

But the specialist, Lawrence N. Shepherd, said in another document that Ohio
State had no data on white corn yields. He suggested that FmHA follow yield
projections from white corn experts at the University of Kentucky, whose
information Patrick had used to buttress his application.

John J. Bowen, the Patricks' accountant, is in a quandary over this case, the
most complicated and frustrating, he said, in his 20 years of helping farmers
with their finances.

"During the last five years, credit institutions have required more information
and better record-keeping by farmers. But the negative of this is that farmers
believe with all their heart that they can tell these institutions their
problems and get a response that is helpful. What they're getting now is a cold
curtain," Bowen said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Secretary John R. Block

                       Copyright 1982 The Washington Post


                             189 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              May 6, 1999 Thursday

BYLINE: John MacDonald

LENGTH: 371 words


FARGO -- The federal Farm Service Agency here is running out of time and money
for badly needed farm loans, and may be forced to leave many producers
empty-handed, its director says. Scott Stofferahn said the agency has until May
17 to allocate funds for direct operating loans to farmers. But the FSA's North
Dakota office has fallen behind in processing the loans because of staff cuts
and an increased workload, Stofferahn said.

It has led to a real fear the deadline will come before the agency has been able
to help many of farmers who need loans to operate another year. ""We're trying
to get caught up, trying to get as many people taken care of as we can, but it's
been a struggle,'' Stofferahn said. ""We're really under the gun right now to
get all the direct loan customers handled before the 17th and it's looking
pretty bleak.'' Any loan funds from state FSA offices that have not been
allocated by May 17 must be turned over to a special pool to be distributed to
farmers nationally on a first-come, first-serve basis. Demand for the government
loan programs for farmers increased by as much as 65 percent nationwide this
year, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Low prices last season,
affected by the Asian economic crisis and lagging exports, left farmers in a
serious economic pinch. A bill that would set aside an additional $153 million
for farm loans and to provide extra staff to handle the loans has been stalled
in Congress, with Democrats and Republicans disagreeing over how to offset the
spending. Pat Eckroth-Livingston, a farm loan specialist with the FSA in Fargo,
said the agency has already obligated $25.9 million in direct operating loans to
384 farmers in North Dakota. However, she said the agency still had 350 to 400
loans that officials have been unable to process -- and only $6.8 million left
to dispense. ""At this point, it's obvious to us that's not going to be
enough,'' she said. And because of the fast-approaching deadline, ""it's highly
unlikely we could get through the workload.'' Nationwide, the USDA obligated
$2.5 billion in loan assistance in the first half of fiscal year 1999. That's
compared with the $2.2 billion in available loan assistance for all of 1998.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1999 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             190 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

               Copyright 2017 Hoover's Inc., All Rights Reserved

                  Hoover's Company Records - In-depth Records

                                 March 29, 2017

                            AGFIRST FARM CREDIT BANK

                                  1901 Main St
                            Columbia,  SC 29201-2443
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 803-799-5000
FAX: 803-771-0752
URL: www.countrymortgages.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
HOOVER ID: 54766

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
LEGAL STATUS: Private - Cooperative

EMPLOYEES:  80

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *

OFFICER                 TITLE             AGE     SALARY      BONUS TOTAL_COMP
                                                                      ENSATION
Benjamin F. Blakewood   SVP and CIO         -          -          -          -
Eric (Ric) Wilkowski    Vice President      -          -          -          -
                        Correspondent
                        Lending
Jeffery (Jeff) Payne    Vice President      -          -          -          -
                        Human Resources
Thomas S (Thom) Welsh   Executive Vice      -          -          -          -
                        President And
                        Chief
                        Administrative
                        And Legislative
                        Officer
Joe (Joey) Preloznik    Vice President      -          -          -          -
                        Balance Sheet
                        Management
Michael (Mel) Mancini   Vice President      -          -          -          -
Leon T. (Timmy) Amerson CEO                 -          -          -          -
Robert (Bob) Zeman      Vice President      -          -          -          -
                        of Information
                        Technology
                        Operations and
                        Infr
Charl L. Butler         SVP and CFO         -          -          -          -
Isvara Wilson           Senior Vice         -          -          -          -
                        President and
                        General Counsel
Patricia (Pat) Geddings Vice President      -          -          -          -
                        Assistant
                        General Counsel
Neda Beal               Senior Vice         -          -          -          -
                        President and
                        Treasurer


DIRECTOR                    TITLE                AGE
Robert H. Spiers            Chairman               -
Dale R. Hershey             Vice Chairman          -

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *


   The expenses involved in equipping and operating a farm add up quickly, which
is where AgFirst Farm Credit Bank comes in. AgFirst is one of a half-dozen
members of the Farm Credit System, a federally chartered network of agricultural
and rural lending cooperatives. Boasting $30 billion in assets, the bank
provides financing to 19 farmer-owned agricultural credit associations. The
associations in turn offer mortgages and loans to some 80,000 farmers,
agribusinesses, and rural homeowners through 280 branches in 15 eastern states
and Puerto Rico. They also offer crop insurance, credit-related life insurance,
and financial planning services. Instead of accepting deposits, AgFirst raises
money by selling bonds and notes on the capital markets.

   Operations

   AgFirst's capital markets arm arranges, participates in, and sells loan
syndications for agribusinesses. Its correspondent lending unit buys, sells, and
services agricultural and rural home loans throughout the US. About 68% of the
bank's loan portfolio consisted of direct notes in 2014, while purchased
participations/syndications made up another 19% of loan assets. The rest of the
portfolio consisted of correspondent lending (12%) and loans to OFIs (less than
1%).

   The bank makes almost all of its money from interest income. About 79% of its
total revenue came from loan interest in 2014, with another 18% of revenue
coming from interest on investment securities and other assets. The remainder of
its revenue mostly came from loan fees.

   Geographic Reach

   Columbia, South Carolina-based AgFirst serves 15 eastern US states and Puerto
Rico. Its largest markets are in Florida, North Carolina, Georgia, Virginia, and
Pennsylvania. The bank is also active in Alabama, Delaware, the District of
Columbia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, Ohio, South Carolina,
Tennessee, West Virginia, and Puerto Rico.

   Financial Performance

   AgFirst Farm Credit Bank has struggled to grow its annual revenues and
profits over the past several years as its loan assets have not increased and as
interest margins continue to be squeezed in the low-interest environment.

   The bank's revenue fell 7% to $703.8 million during 2014 as its loan assets
barely grew to $20.9 billion, or about the same levels as they've been since
2010.

   Revenue declines in 2014 coupled with a rise in insurance fund premiums and
salaries caused AgFirst's net income to shrink 17% to $380.3 million for the
year. The bank's operating cash levels fell sharply to $370.9 million on lower
cash earnings and unfavorable working capital changes, mostly related to changes
in accounts receivables balances.

   Strategy

   AgFirst has focused on maintaining strong personal relationships with its
local customer base. It's also been investing more in security-based IT
investments to protect its customers from security breaches. In 2015, it built a
modern Data Center to accommodate the bank's growth with 1 Petabyte of data.

   Company Background

   The Farm Credit System was established by Congress in 1916 to provide a
reliable source of credit for US farmers and ranchers.

HOOVER INDUSTRIES:

     ·    Finance & Insurance Sector
          ·    LENDING
               ·    Mortgage Banking




* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
522298 - All Other Nondepository Credit Intermediation
SIC CODES:
6111 - Federal & fed.-sponsored credit
MARKETS:

     ·    2014 Sales
     ·    $ mil. % of total
     ·    Interest
     ·    Loans 566.5 79
     ·    Investment securities & other 127.3 18
     ·    Non-interest
     ·    Loan fees 8.5 2
     ·    Building lease income 3.3 -
     ·    Net other-than-temporary impairment losses (1.4) -
     ·    Gains (losses) on called debt (7.7) -
     ·    Gains (losses) on investments, net 0 -
     ·    Gains (losses) on other transactions 0 -
     ·    Other 7.3 1
     ·    Total 703.8 100


COMPETITORS:

     ·    First National of Nebraska
     ·    Farm Family Holdings
     ·    COUNTRY Financial
     ·    Bank of America
     ·    Rabo AgriFinance
     ·    Nationwide Agribusiness
     ·    AgriBank
     ·    Cat Financial


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December, 2013

(Millions U.S. Dollars)               2013              2012              2011
Revenue                             $766.3            $864.5            $911.1
Net Income                          $457.3            $468.6            $385.5
Net Profit                           59.7%             54.2%             42.3%

     ·    One Year Sales Growth: (11.4%)
     ·    One Year Income Growth: (2.4%)


                                                       2013
Return on Equity                                      22.6%
Return on Assets                                       1.6%

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2017


                             191 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                          December 28, 2016 Wednesday

Congress' budget patch averts farm loan crisis

BYLINE: ROXANA HEGEMAN The Associated Press

SECTION: C; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 756 words


WICHITA, Kan. - U.S. farmers drained all available government agricultural loan
money this past fiscal year to get through one of the worst agricultural
downturns in recent years, but no one who qualifies for a farm loan will be
denied in the next four months due to an unusual provision passed this month by
Congress.

The budget patch gives the Agriculture Department's Farm Service Agency
authority to meet the spike in loan demand by using future funding, according to
U.S. Sen. Jerry Moran, a Kansas Republican who chairs an agricultural
appropriations panel. There is no limit to how much the USDA can lend through
April 28 - a victory for farm groups who pressed Washington for the fix to avert
a looming loan crisis.

Already, corn and wheat prices have pushed farmers to the limit, and beef prices
are hurting ranchers. They turned to lenders, leading the FSA to fall short $137
million short of needed direct and guaranteed loan funds in the fiscal year
ending Sept. 30.

When the money ran out, approved loans were funded in the current fiscal year,
piling on to the demand for loans and raising the specter that FSA would again
run out of money before spring - when most farmers need it the most.

"If you are trying to grow a crop and feed a family and pay the bills, it is a
problem," Moran said. "This is one of the most difficult times in agriculture in
a long time."

Operating loans for 2016 are coming due at a time of widespread downturn.
Farmers in Georgia, the Carolinas and Alabama have gotten a double whammy of
drought and flooding. Midwest states are reeling from a glut in global grain
markets that has slashed crop prices, and cotton growers in Georgia and Texas
also are suffering due to low prices. Consumer demand for milk is down. Cattle
prices are falling.

Not as many people are able to pay off their 2016 operating loans, and the next
60 to 90 days will be telling, said Steve Apodaca, vice president for the
Washington, D.C.-based The American Bankers Association's Center for
Agricultural and Rural Banking.

Most borrowers will be able to sustain themselves another year, and bankers will
be able to help restructure their loans and add federal guarantees to commercial
loans, Apodaca said. He is not expecting a repeat of the farm crisis of the
1980s, when land values tanked and interest rates were high.

Matt Ubell and his two siblings took out an FSA loan this month to buy their
parents' cattle and crops farm in Wheaton, Kan., but he said the agricultural
economy "has us scared to death." Their balance sheet was just above the
break-even point to qualify for the loan.

"We are kind of starting out fresh. We bought the farm, we bought the
equipment." Ubell said. "... We are pretty highly leveraged right now."

The 34-year-old farmer and his wife put in long hours to make ends meet for
their four children. His wife is a cook and a nursing assistant. He works at a
lumberyard and delivers liquid feed supplements for cattle.

One measure of the farm economy is equity - the amount of debt compared to
assets like land and machinery. The USDA's Economic Research Service predicted
last month U.S. farm equity would decline 3.1 percent in 2016 to $2.47 trillion
- the second straight year of declines. Farm debt is expected to rise 5.2
percent to $375.4 billion in 2016.

With such low commodity prices, Russell Boening said he is doing everything he
can not to borrow more money than he absolutely needs to operate his 7,500-acre
family farm in south Texas because "that gets you further and further behind."
That includes delaying equipment purchases.

The 57-year-old has farmed for 35 years, has hundreds of dairy and beef cattle
and grows hay, corn, cotton, wheat and watermelons to diversify his income. Also
the president of the Texas Farm Bureau, Boening knows he's in a better spot than
younger farmers like Ubell.

"We have been here long enough," he said. "We have a good relationship with the
lender, so we have equity built up and we are in a better spot than someone who
has struck out on their own within the last 10 years."

This year's bountiful yields and low interest rates on loans helped many
growers. But many commercial lenders are now demanding farmers whose operations
are under stress to get government guarantees that any money lent for next
year's crops will be repaid.

"When a farmer goes under, it affects that rural community," Apodaca said. "He
is no longer buying seed, he is no longer buying equipment. His family is no
longer going to the local Main Street and buying goods and services."

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             192 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              May 7, 1998 Thursday

BYLINE: Mark Hanson

LENGTH: 647 words


It's so dry around Watford City that Dean Meyer has quit planting grain for now.
""There's no moisture to germinate it,'' Meyer said. ""There's quite a few
around here, including myself, who have quit planting and are waiting for
rain.'' It's only the first week of May, but grass on gumbo spots on Meyer's
land is already brown, something that doesn't usually happen this early in the
spring. For farmers across the state who suffered through a terrible growing
season last year -- battling blizzards, floods, dry spells, disease and low
commodity prices -- the idea of facing another poor crop is gut wrenching.

It was so bad last year that farm income dropped from $764 million in 1996 to
just $15 million in 1997. What's discouraging is that early indicators for this
year aren't much better. There's still no way to battle scab, a disease that
attacks wheat and barley, and prices are still low. To top it off, some say
we're in for a dry summer. ""I would call it a semi drought,'' said Jay Brausch
of Glen Ullin. Topsoil moisture across most of the state is adequate, but is
drying out quickly. Brausch, an astronomer, says his nighttime viewing offers
indicators of weather patterns. He said it's the beginning of another solar
cycle, which often brings dry weather. He said it could last into 2001. ""No two
cycles are alike, but as it builds up, it tends to be dry,'' said Brausch, who
is entering his 200th month of sky watching. ""I'm predicting a lot of wind and
dry, especially the second half of the summer.'' The Old Farmer's Almanac offers
the same forecast. It lists precipitation below average for May, June, August,
September and October. July is expected to be average. For farmers in Emmons
County, it would be the second straight dry spell. Last summer the area went 75
days without moisture, said county extension agent Mike Hanson. ""You add one
more stress and you could see a lot more auction sales in the future,'' Hanson
said. A big stress leading into this planting season has been many farmers
trying to find funding to cover operating costs. The Farm Service Agency is
seeing a big increase in producers seeking loans and President Clinton signed a
bill last week to provide more money for loans. ""I've talked to some guys who
are very stressed out because they're having problems with financing,'' Hanson
said. ""We're on the edge of some drastic things happening in the farm
economy.'' Farm Credit Services in Mandan has seen more operating loans go
unpaid during the 1997-98 renewal period than it has the past five years, said
Dean Moos, assistant vice president of operations. ""And right now we're at that
critical point again where we need rain,'' Moos said. If farmers have a second
straight bad year, the economic impact across the state could be devastating.
""If we have another bad year it would be like Armageddon,'' said Andy Swenson
with the North Dakota State University agricultural economics department. ""Many
farmers had to push the balance sheets to cover operating costs. They need to
have a good year. ""Even if we have an average year, the guys who were on the
bubble this year will be on the bubble next year.'' An average year would also
likely affect main street businesses. ""This year's crop is very important,''
said Scot Stradley, professor of economics at University of North Dakota. ""If
it's average or below, then this winter the effects will come to town.'' Hanson
said he's talked to farmers and has asked how he can help. He's offered to hold
seminars on goal setting and dealing with stress, but has found that producers
aren't receptive to the idea. ""I talked to a farmer the other day and he said
they wouldn't come. They don't want their neighbors to know they're hurting,''
Hanson said. ""They're going to need to get over the pride thing.'' It may be
too late, though, if things don't turn around by fall.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1998 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             193 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          Copyright 2017 W/D Partners
                                   Worldscope

                                 March 26, 2017

                               FARM CREDIT SYSTEM

                                   Suite 225
                            7951 E Maplewood Avenue
                          GREENWOOD VILLAGE,  CO 80111
                                 UNITED STATES

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: +1 201 200-8000
URL: http://www.farmcreditnetwork.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
DISCLO NUMBER: F119315000
WORLDSCOPE NUMBER: C840C04W0

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
OPERATING STATUS: ACTIVE
EMPLOYEES: 11,173

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
OFFICERS:

     ·    Tracey McCabe, President & Chief Executive


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Farm Credit System. The Farm Credit System is a federally chartered network
of borrower-owned lending institutions and related service organizations. The
Company specializes in providing financing and related services to borrowers in
the agricultural and rural sectors through five banks. The Company offers
short-, intermediate- and long-term agricultural loans; operating lines of
credit; leases; participations and syndications for large capital needs; rural
home loans, and land loans. It finances equipment, facilities, real estate and
land, processing equipment and livestock. It provides real estate appraisals,
crop insurance, cash management services, and industry sector benchmarking and
reports. Its customers include farmers and ranchers, agricultural cooperatives,
aquatic producers, farm-related businesses, rural homeowners and rural
utilities. It has approximately 80 independently owned and operated Farm Credit
organizations, which provide services in the communities where they live and
work.
INDUSTRY TYPE: BANK

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC CODES:
6141 - Personal credit institutions
WORLDSCOPE INDUSTRY GROUP:
8630 - BANKING FORMAT; INDUSTRY GROUP NA

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: 12/2011




                              KEY FINANCIALS (USD)

                                  12/31/12          12/31/11          12/31/10
COMMON EQTY                 36,552,000,000    33,815,000,000    31,126,000,000
COMMON EQTY - CURR          38,377,000,000                 -                 -
TOTAL ASSETS               246,664,000,000   230,411,000,000   229,973,000,000
SALES                        9,080,000,000     9,603,000,000     9,547,000,000
NET INCOME                   4,118,000,000     3,940,000,000     3,495,000,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *



                               ASSETS (000's USD)

                                      12/31/12        12/31/11        12/31/10
TOTAL INVESTMENTS                            -      41,266,000      41,399,000
LOANS - NET[D]                     190,561,000     173,909,000     174,470,000
LOANS - TOTAL[D]                   191,904,000     175,199,000     175,917,000
RESERVE FOR LOAN LOSSES              1,343,000       1,290,000       1,447,000
INVESTMNT IN ASSOCIATED COS                  -               0               0
PROPERTY, PLANT & EQUIP - NET                -         713,000         664,000
TOTAL ASSETS                       246,664,000     230,411,000     229,973,000

   [D]: INCLUDES INTERBANK LOANS

   [D]: NET OF UNEARNED INCOME





                            LIABILITIES (000's USD)

                                      12/31/12        12/31/11        12/31/10
TOTAL DEBT                         201,920,000     189,156,000     191,856,000
SHORT TERM DEBT & CURRENT PORT      68,688,000      69,092,000      70,925,000
LONG TERM DEBT                     133,232,000     120,064,000     120,931,000
LONG-TERM DEBT EXCL CAP LEASES     133,232,000     120,064,000     120,931,000
OTHER LIABILITIES                    6,135,000       5,315,000       4,866,000
TOTAL LIABILITIES                  208,055,000     194,471,000     196,722,000




                               EQUITY (000's USD)

                                      12/31/12        12/31/11        12/31/10
MINORITY INTEREST                            -               0               0
PREFERRED STOCK                      2,057,000       2,125,000       2,125,000
COMMON SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY         36,552,000      33,815,000      31,126,000
COMMON STOCK                         1,621,000       1,618,000       1,542,000
RETAINED EARNINGS                   31,919,000      29,733,000      27,136,000
TOTAL LIABILITIES & SHAREHOLDE     246,664,000     230,411,000     229,973,000

* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
(000's USD)                           12/31/12        12/31/11        12/31/10
INTEREST INCOME - TOTAL              8,578,000       8,884,000       8,850,000
INTEREST EXPENSE - TOTAL             2,101,000       2,625,000       2,960,000
INTEREST EXPENSE ON DEBT             2,101,000       2,625,000       2,960,000
NET INTEREST INCOME                  6,477,000       6,259,000       5,890,000
NON-INTEREST INCOME-TOTAL              502,000         719,000         697,000
GAIN/LOSS SALE SEC - PRETAX                  -          28,000          15,000
OTHER OPERATING INCOME                       -       9,575,000       9,532,000
STAFF COSTS                                  -       1,349,000       1,278,000
DEPRECIATION AND DEPLETION                   -          83,000          82,000
PROVISION FOR LOAN LOSSES              313,000         430,000         667,000
OPERATING INCOME                     4,340,000       4,382,000       3,883,000
EXTRAORDINARY CHARGE - PRETAX                -         173,000         170,000
OTHER INCOME/EXPENSE - NET                   0               0               0
PRETAX EQUITY IN EARNINGS                    -               0               0
PRETAX INCOME                        4,340,000       4,209,000       3,713,000
INCOME TAXES                           222,000         269,000         218,000
MINORITY INTEREST                            -               0               0
EQUITY IN EARNINGS                           -               0               0
NET INC BEFORE EXTRA/PFD DIVS        4,118,000       3,940,000       3,495,000
PREFERRED DIVIDEND REQUIREMENT               -               0               0
NET INCOME - BASIC                   4,118,000       3,940,000       3,495,000
EXTRA ITEMS & GAIN/LOSS SALE O               -               0               0

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
(000's USD)                           12/31/12        12/31/11        12/31/10
FUNDS FROM OPERATIONS             4,431,000[E]       4,508,000       4,260,000
EXTRAORDINARY ITEMS                          -               0               0
FUNDS-OTHER OPER ACTIVITIES                  -         145,000           5,000
NET CASH FLOW-OPERATING ACTIVS               -       4,653,000       4,265,000
CAPITAL EXPENDITURES                         -         132,000         112,000
TOTAL SOURCES                                -       3,574,000       2,753,000
NET CASH FLOW - INVESTING                    -       (288,000)      13,542,000
NET PROCEEDS FROM SALE/ISSUE C               -          84,000          83,000
OTHER PROCEEDS FROM SALE/ISSUA               -          84,000          83,000
CASH DIVIDENDS PAID - TOTAL                  -         155,000         125,000
COMMON DIVIDENDS (CASH)                      -               0               0
PREFERRED DIVIDENDS (CASH)                   -         155,000         125,000
NET CASH FLOW - FINANCING                    -     (3,778,000)      10,872,000
EFFECT OF EXCHANGE ON CASH                   -               0               0
INCREASE/DECREASE IN CASH/SHOR               -       1,163,000       1,595,000

   [E]: ESTIMATED


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
(000's USD)                           12/31/12        12/31/11        12/31/10
NET SALES OR REVENUES            9,080,000[SP]       9,603,000       9,547,000
EARNINGS BEF INTEREST & TAXES        6,441,000       6,834,000       6,673,000
NET INCOME - DILUTED                 4,118,000       3,940,000       3,495,000
NET INCOME BEFORE PREFERRED DI       4,118,000       3,940,000       3,495,000
NET INCOME AVAILABLE TO COMMON       4,118,000       3,940,000       3,495,000
TOTAL CAPITAL                      171,841,000     156,004,000     154,182,000

   [SP]: PRELIMINARY - AS REPORTED BY THE COMPANY


(000's USD)                           12/31/12        12/31/11        12/31/10
TOTAL INTANGIBLE OT ASSETS-NET               -               0               0

                                      12/31/12        12/31/11        12/31/10
LOANS - 1 YR GROWTH RATE                  9.53          (0.41)            6.73
NET SALES/REVENUES -1YR ANN GR          (5.45)            0.59          (2.11)
OPERATING INCOME - 1 YR ANNUAL          (0.96)           12.85           19.85
NET INCOME - 1 YR ANNUAL GROWT            4.52           12.73           22.63
EQUITY - 1 YR                             8.09            8.64           10.48
NET MARGIN - 1 YR GROWTH RATE            10.54           12.08           25.28

                                      12/31/12        12/31/11        12/31/10
RATIO OF TOT LNS TO TOT CAP-5Y            1.13            1.14            1.14

                                      12/31/12        12/31/11        12/31/10
TOTAL DEBT % COMMON EQUITY - 5          617.46          632.77          636.21
LONG TERM DEBT % COM EQTY 5 YR          392.84          398.38          399.20
TOTAL DEBT % TOTAL CAP - 5 YR            85.20           85.53           85.66
LONG TERM DEBT % TOT CAP-5 YR            78.60           78.83           78.94
MINORITY INTEREST % TOTAL CAPI               -            0.00            0.00
EQUITY % TOTAL CAPITAL - 5 YR            20.12           19.87           19.85
PREFERRED STOCK % TOTAL CAPITA            1.29            1.29            1.20
OPERATING CASH/FIXED CHGS-5YR             1.37            1.03            0.76
DIVIDEND PAYOUT (% EARNINGS) -               -            0.00            0.00
FIXED ASSETS % COMMON EQUITY -               -            4.09            4.66
LOSS RESERVES %TOT CAPITAL-5YR            0.83            0.80            0.77

                                      12/31/12        12/31/11        12/31/10
RETURN ON EQUITY -TOTAL-5 YR                 -           11.47           11.15
REINVESTMENT RATE (EEG)/TOT 1Y               -           12.13           11.79
RETURN ON INVESTED CAPITAL - 5            2.68            3.08            3.43
RETURN ON EARNING ASSETS - 5 Y               -            1.61            1.58
CASH EARN RET ON EQTY - 5 YR             13.81           13.58           12.92
CASH FLOW/SALES - 5 YR AVG               42.04           36.93           32.31
OPERATING PROFIT MARGIN - 5 YR           39.07           34.33           30.14
OPERATING INCOME/TOTAL CAPITAL            2.55            2.52            2.44
PRETAX MARGIN - 5 YR AVG                 37.70           32.92           29.06
TAX RATE - 5 YR AVG                       5.75            5.72            5.12
INTEREST RATE - 5 YR AVG                  1.88            2.61            3.23
NET MARGIN - 5 YR                        35.53           31.00           27.53
NET INTEREST INC%EARNG ASTS-5Y               -            2.66            2.58
EFFICIENCY OF EARNING ASSET-5Y               -            5.10            5.60
NON-INTEREST INC %TOT REVE 5YR            6.49            6.20            5.56
TOT INTEREST INC%EARNG ASST-5Y               -            5.09            5.60

                                      12/31/12        12/31/11        12/31/10
LOANS - 5 YR GROWTH RATE                  6.07            7.26           10.61
NET SALES/REVS -5YR ANN GROWTH          (5.27)          (0.89)            5.00
OPERATING INCOME - 5 YR ANNUAL            8.65           12.09           11.92
NET INCOME - 5 YR ANNUAL GROWT            8.78           10.62           10.77
EQUITY - 5 YR ANNUAL GROWTH               7.98            7.62            7.42
NET MARGIN - 5 YR GROWTH RATE            14.84           11.61            5.49

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
                                      12/31/12        12/31/11        12/31/10
RATIO OF TOT LOANS TO TOT CAP             1.12            1.12            1.14

                                      12/31/12        12/31/11        12/31/10
TOTAL DEBT % COMMON EQUITY              552.42          559.38          616.39
LONG TERM DEBT % COMMON EQUITY          364.50          355.06          388.52
TOTAL DEBT % TOTAL CAPITAL/STD           83.95           84.03           85.23
LONG TERM DEBT % TOTAL CAPITAL           77.53           76.96           78.43
MINORITY INTEREST % TOTAL CAPI               -            0.00            0.00
EQUITY % TOTAL CAPITAL                   21.27           21.68           20.19
PREFERRED STOCK % TOTAL CAPITA            1.20            1.36            1.38
OPERATING CASH/FIXED CHARGES              2.11            1.72            1.44
DIVIDEND PAYOUT (% EARNINGS)                 -            0.00            0.00
FIXED ASSETS % COMMON EQUITY                 -            2.11            2.13
EBIT/INTEREST EXPENSE                     3.07            2.60            2.25
RES FOR LOAN LOSS%TOT CAPITAL             0.78            0.83            0.94

                                      12/31/12        12/31/11        12/31/10
RETURN ON EQUITY - TOTAL (%)                 -           12.13           11.79
REINVESTMENT RATE (EEG)/TOT 1Y               -           12.13           11.79
RETURN ON INVESTED CAPITAL                2.36            2.51            2.49
RETURN ON EARNING ASSETS                     -            1.83            1.67
CASH EARNS RETURN ON EQUITY              12.59           13.88           14.37
CASH FLOW/SALES                          48.80           46.94           44.62
OPERATING PROFIT MARGIN                  47.80           45.63           40.67
OPERATING INCOME/TOTAL CAPITAL            2.65            2.83            2.59
PRETAX MARGIN                            47.80           43.83           38.89
TAX RATE                                  5.12            6.39            5.87
INTEREST RATE                             1.04            1.39            1.54
NET MARGIN                               45.35           41.03           36.61
NET INTEREST INC %EARNING ASTS               -            2.90            2.81
EFFICIENCY OF EARNING ASSETS                 -            4.14            4.23
NON-INTEREST INC % TOTAL REVES            5.53            7.49            7.30
TOT INTEREST INC % EARNG ASSTS               -            4.12            4.23

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: PriceWaterhouseCoopers
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Unqualified

ACCOUNTING PRACTICES FOR FISCAL YEAR ENDING 12/31/12
ACCOUNTING METHOD FOR LONG TERM INVESTMENT >50%: All subsidiaries are
consolidated
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOLLOWED: US standards (GAAP)
ACCOUNTING PRACTICES FOR FISCAL YEAR ENDING 12/31/11
ACCOUNTING METHOD FOR LONG TERM INVESTMENT >50%: All subsidiaries are
consolidated
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOLLOWED: US standards (GAAP)
ACCOUNTING PRACTICES FOR FISCAL YEAR ENDING 12/31/10
ACCOUNTING METHOD FOR LONG TERM INVESTMENT >50%: All subsidiaries are
consolidated
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOLLOWED: US standards (GAAP)

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2017


                             194 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                          December 28, 2016 Wednesday

Congress' budget patch averts farm loan crisis

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 766 words


WICHITA, Kan. * U.S. farmers drained all available government agricultural loan
money this past fiscal year to get through one of the worst agricultural
downturns in recent years, but no one who qualifies for a farm loan will be
denied in the next four months due to an unusual provision passed this month by
Congress.

The budget patch gives the Agriculture Department's Farm Service Agency
authority to meet the spike in loan demand by using future funding, according to
U.S. Sen. Jerry Moran, a Kansas Republican who chairs an agricultural
appropriations panel. There is no limit to how much the USDA can lend through
April 28 - a victory for farm groups who pressed Washington for the fix to avert
a looming loan crisis.

Already, corn and wheat prices have pushed farmers to the limit, and beef prices
are hurting ranchers. They turned to lenders, leading the FSA to fall short $137
million short of needed direct and guaranteed loan funds in the fiscal year
ending Sept. 30.

When the money ran out, approved loans were funded in the current fiscal year,
piling on to the demand for loans and raising the spectre that FSA would again
run out of money before spring - when most farmers need it the most.

"If you are trying to grow a crop and feed a family and pay the bills, it is a
problem," Moran said. "This is one of the most difficult times in agriculture in
a long time."

Operating loans for 2016 are coming due at a time of widespread downturn.
Farmers in Georgia, the Carolinas and Alabama have gotten a double whammy of
drought and flooding. Midwest states are reeling from a glut in global grain
markets that has slashed crop prices, and cotton growers in Georgia and Texas
also are suffering due to low prices. Consumer demand for milk is down. Cattle
prices are falling.

Not as many people are able to pay off their 2016 operating loans, and the next
60 to 90 days will be telling, said Steve Apodaca, vice-president for the
Washington, D.C.-based The American Bankers Association's Center for
Agricultural and Rural Banking.

Most borrowers will be able to sustain themselves another year, and bankers will
be able to help restructure their loans and add federal guarantees to commercial
loans, Apodaca said. He is not expecting a repeat of the farm crisis of the
1980s, when land values tanked and interest rates were high.

Matt Ubell and his two siblings took out an FSA loan this month to buy their
parents' cattle and crops farm in Wheaton, Kansas, but he says the agricultural
economy "has us scared to death." Their balance sheet was just above the
break-even point to qualify for the loan.

"We are kind of starting out fresh. We bought the farm, we bought the
equipment." Ubell said. "... We are pretty highly leveraged right now."

The 34-year-old farmer and his wife put in long hours to make ends meet for
their four children. His wife is a cook and a nursing assistant. He works at a
lumberyard and delivers liquid feed supplements for cattle.

One measure of the farm economy is equity - the amount of debt compared to
assets like land and machinery. The USDA's Economic Research Service predicted
last month U.S. farm equity would decline 3.1 per cent in 2016 to $2.47 trillion
- the second straight year of declines. Farm debt is expected to rise 5.2 per
cent to $375.4 billion in 2016.

With such low commodity prices, Russell Boening said he is doing everything he
can not to borrow more money than he absolutely needs to operate his 7,500-acre
family farm in south Texas because "that gets you further and further behind."
That includes delaying equipment purchases.

The 57-year-old has farmed for 35 years, has hundreds of dairy and beef cattle
and grows hay, corn, cotton, wheat and watermelons to diversify his income. Also
the president of the Texas Farm Bureau, Boening knows he's in a better spot than
younger farmers like Ubell.

"We have been here long enough," he said. "We have a good relationship with the
lender, so we have equity built up and we are in a better spot than someone who
has struck out on their own within the last 10 years."

This year's bountiful yields and low interest rates on loans helped many
growers. But many commercial lenders are now demanding farmers whose operations
are under stress to get government guarantees that any money lent for next
year's crops will be repaid.

"When a farmer goes under, it affects that rural community," Apodaca said. "He
is no longer buying seed, he is no longer buying equipment. His family is no
longer going to the local Main Street and buying goods and services."
!@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Telegraph Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             195 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Reagan Veto of Farm Bill Is Expected To Tighten Ag Banks' Loan Standards

                             March 8, 1985, Friday

By RICHARD RINGER

DATELINE: SAN ANTONIO, Tex.


Farm bankers say they will be increasingly selective in approving loans this
spring now that President Reagan has vetoed legislation designed to give farmers
more aid.

Some bankers also say the veto will put state legislatures under more pressure
to devise a way to help financially troubled farmers.

President Reagan's veto of the farm bill came as no surprise to bankers
attending the annual Independent Bankers Association of America (IBAA)
convention here.

The association represents many of the rural and community banks that do
considerable farm lending. But the bankers don't agree on whether Mr. Reagan's
veto was appropriate.

''I'm not disappointed with the veto,'' says Paul Hostetler Jr., chairman of the
Shipshewana State Bank in Indiana. ''It wasn't the proper program anyway.''

Irwin Knutson, vice president of the First National Bank of Starbuck in
Minnesota, says he would have preferred that the bill wasn't vetoed. ''But the
government deficit is important'' to get under control, he adds.

In vetoing the bill Wednesday, President Reagan said the legislation was ''a
massive new bailout that would add billions to the deficit'' over the next
several years.

The bill would have increased funding for federal guarantees of private farm
loans to $2.5 billion from $650 million; it would have had the government join
with banks to lower interest payments on loans for many farmers; and it would
have required farmers getting direct federal loans to only break even, rather
than show a 10% profit, to qualify for assistance.

The veto means that, for some farmers, it will be ''very difficult to get [
operating] loans this year,'' says Charlie Bennett, president of the Farmers
Bank in Hardinsburg, Ky.

''We've been analyzing [farm] credits more than before,'' he says. ''And we'll
be even more analytical now with Reagan's decision'' to veto the bill.

Tom Olson, president of the Lisco State Bank in Nebraska and the outgoing
chairman of the IBAA agricultural committee, says that marginal farmers who
would have benefited from the bill may not get operating loans this spring.

He also says that Mr. Reagan's projection that only 4% of the nation's farmers
have financial problems is ''underestimated.''

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 373 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                             196 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 1, 2015 Thursday

Farm Loan Programs

LENGTH: 6021  words


Washington, D.C.: This Rule document was issued by the Farm Service Agency
(FSA):

Action

Final rule.
Summary

The Farm Service Agency (FSA) is amending Farm Loan Programs (FLP) loan making
and servicing regulations to reflect several changes required by the
Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm Bill). The changes were implemented
administratively upon the passage of the 2014 Farm Bill; this rule makes
conforming amendments in the FSA regulations.
Dates

Effective: December 31, 2014.
For Further Information Contact

Bradley A. Johnson, telephone: (202) 720-5847. Persons with disabilities or who
require alternative means for communications (Braille, large print, audiotape,
etc.) should contact the USDA Target Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice).
Supplementary Information
Background

The FSA FLP direct loans and loan guarantees provide credit to farmers whose
financial risk exceeds a level acceptable to commercial lenders. Through direct
and guaranteed Farm Ownership loans (FO), Operating Loans (OL), and Conservation
Loans (CL); direct Microloans (ML), direct Emergency Loans (EM) and Land
Contract (LC) guarantees, FSA assists tens of thousands of farmers each year in
starting and maintaining profitable farm businesses. FSA loan funds may be used
to pay normal operating or family living expenses; make capital improvements;
refinance certain debts; and purchase farmland, livestock, equipment, feed and
other materials essential to farm operations. FSA services extend beyond the
typical loan by offering farmers ongoing consultation and advice, to help to
make their farm successful. These loans are a temporary source of credit.
Farmers with direct loans generally are required to graduate to other credit
when their financial condition will allow them to do so.

In addition, the YL Program provides operating loans of up to $5,000 to eligible
individual youths, ages 10 to 20, to finance income producing, agriculture
related projects. The project must be of modest size, educational and initiated,
developed and carried out by youths participating in 4-H Clubs, Future Farmers
of America (FFA), or a similar organization.

Throughout this rule, any reference to "farm" or "farmer" also includes "ranch"
or "rancher", respectively.

This rule makes changes in the FSA regulations required by several provisions of
the 2014 Farm Bill (Pub. L. 113-79) regarding FSA's loan making and servicing
programs. More specifically, the changes:

Increase the percent of guarantee for CLs;
    Reduce the interest rate for direct FOs made under a joint financing
arrangement;
    Eliminate the oil, gas, and mineral appraisal requirement;
    Increase the maximum loan amount for a direct FO made under the downpayment
program;
    Eliminate the rural residency requirement for the YLs ;
    Allow a borrower who had YL debt forgiveness to receive future Government
loans under certain circumstances;
    Exclude MLs to beginning or veteran farmers from the existing OL term
limitations, and add a special ML interest rate available to beginning and
veteran farmers;
    Eliminate the term limit for guaranteed OLs; and
    Amend the definition of a beginning farmer, specifically the maximum owned
acreage requirement.

CL; Increase Percent of Guarantee

Guaranteed CLs promote conservation practices on farms that help protect natural
resources, and provide credit for farmers to implement these conservation
measures on their land. Unlike FSA's traditional FO and OL Programs that are
targeted toward family and less financially established farmers, eligibility
requirements for the CL Program permit FSA to provide assistance to applicants
who may not be a family farmer or are financially strong.

Section 5002 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 304(e) of the Consolidated
Farm and Rural Development Act (CONACT) (7 U.S.C. 1924e) to increase the percent
of guarantee for CLs from 75 percent to 80 percent, and authorized a 90 percent
guarantee for a qualified beginning or socially disadvantaged (SDA) farmer.
Lenders will now be able to have a greater guarantee on CLs.

Previously, CL received a 75 percent guarantee, which was less than the typical
90 percent guarantee on an FO or farm OL guarantee. Partially due to this lower
percentage of guarantee, the use of CLs have been extremely limited since
guaranteed FO or OL funds may also be used for conservation purposes.

This rule amends 7 CFR 762.129 and 762.130 to increase the percent of guarantee
for CL. The increase in CL guarantee to 80 percent and the even higher 90
percent guarantee to beginning or SDA farmers will increase the use of CL
guarantees used to implement conservation practices, which benefit not only the
farmer, but the environment as well.
Direct FO as Part of Joint Financing Arrangement; Interest Rate

Direct FOs made as part of a participation (joint financing) arrangement are
eligible for a special joint financing interest rate. These loans require that a
commercial lender or private party provide a portion of the financing, such that
the FO does not exceed 50 percent of the total amount financed. FOs may be used
to purchase a farm, enlarge an existing farm, construct or improve farm
structures, pay closing costs, and for soil and water conservation and
protection. Repayment terms may be as long as 40 years and the maximum FO
indebtedness is limited to $300,000.

Section 5003 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 307(a)(3) of the CONACT (7
U.S.C. 1927(a)(3)) to reduce the interest rate for FOs that are part of a joint
financing arrangement. This joint financing interest rate is the direct
FOregular interest rate minus 2 percent, with a floor of 2.5 percent.

Previously, the joint financing interest rate for FOs was 5 percent and has been
since March 24, 1997. For several years, the joint financing interest rate of 5
percent has been higher than the direct FO interest rate. As a result, there has
been no financial incentive for the farmer to finance a portion of the real
estate purchase with another lender, unless she or he qualified as a beginning
or SDA farmer who was able to receive a downpayment FO with a lower interest
rate.

This rule amends 7 CFR 764.154 to change the interest rate for FOs that are part
of a joint financing arrangement. This reduced interest rate for FOs made under
a joint financing agreement will encourage farmers to seek commercial lender
financing, and therefore reduce FSA financing of the farm to 50 percent or less.
FSA expects to be able to leverage the use of our typically limited direct FO
funds, to assist an even greater number of eligible family farmers.
Mineral Rights Appraisal; Eliminate Requirement

FSA uses appraisals to determine the value of real and personal property.
Appraisals ensure there is adequate security to support FSA loan making and
servicing actions.

Section 5004 of the 2014 Farm Bill eliminated the requirement that in order for
FSA to have the rights to oil, gas, or other minerals as FO collateral, the
products' value must be considered in the appraised value of the real estate
securing the loan.

Section 307(d) of the CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1927(d)), previously required that for
FOs; the value of oil, gas, or other minerals must be included in the appraised
value of the real estate security in order for FSA to have a valid lien on those
products. This rule removes this mineral appraisal requirement in 7 CFR 761.7
and 765.252 for all future FLP loans. For all loans made after February 7, 2014,
the date of the 2014 Farm Bill was enacted, FSA will have a security interest in
oil, gas, or other minerals on or under the property regardless of whether the
value of those products were included in the appraisal value of the property.
This security interest is reflected in the FSA mortgage forms.
Downpayment FOs; Increase Maximum Loan Amount

FSA downpayment FOs are used to assist beginning and SDA farmers in purchasing a
farm. The loans have a lower interest rate than other FO loans and require
participation by another lender, along with cash down payment requirement of 5
percent.

Section 5005 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 310E(b)(1)(C) of the CONACT
(7 U.S.C. 1935(b)(1)(C)) to increase the maximum loan limit for downpayment FOs
to 45 percent of $667,000. This amount is $300,150; however, section 305 of the
CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1925) limits the maximum loan amount for each FO, including
downpayment FOs, to $300,000.

Previously, downpayment FOs were limited to a maximum of $225,000 (45 percent of
$500,000) and all other types of direct FOs were limited to $300,000. This
difference in maximum loan amounts was a limiting factor in many loan
transactions, particularly as loan amounts have increased due to rising farm
real estate values. The rule amends 7 CFR 764.203 to increase the maximum loan
limit for downpayment FO loans to $300,000.
YL; Eliminate Rural Residency Requirement

FSA makes YL of up to $5,000 to eligible individual youths, ages 10 to 20, to
finance income producing and agricultural related projects. The project must be
modest in size, educational, and initiated, developed and carried out by youths
participating in a 4-H Club, FFA, or similar organization.

Section 5102 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 311(b)(1) of the CONACT (7
U.S.C. 1941(b)(1)) to eliminate the rural residency requirement for YL. Eligible
youth in suburban and urban areas will now be eligible for YL.

Previously, to be eligible for a YL the applicant had to reside in a rural area.
FSA regulations further defined this as "residing in a rural area, city, or town
with a population of 50,000 or fewer people." The rule amends 7 CFR 764.302 to
eliminate the rural residency requirement for YL. The removal of this
requirement now allows FSA to extend YL assistance to youth residing in suburban
and urban areas to finance eligible agricultural related projects.
YL; Forgiveness of Debt

Forgiveness of YL debt, due to circumstances beyond the borrower's control, will
no longer preclude the borrower from obtaining additional loans from any U.S.
Government agency. Additionally, borrowers with YL debt forgiveness, or who are
delinquent on a YL, will now be able to receive student loans. The servicing and
collection of YLs is not affected by the statute and will continue under the
present regulations.

Section 5103 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 311(b) of the CONACT (7
U.S.C. 1941(b)) to authorize the Secretary of Agriculture to, on a case by case
basis, provide debt forgiveness of a YL if the borrower was unable to repay the
loan due to circumstances beyond the control of the borrower. The Secretary may
also determine that the debt forgiveness was caused by national disaster, act of
terrorism, or other man-made disaster that resulted in an inordinate level of
damage severely affecting the YL borrower. The debt forgiveness provided by this
section is not to be used by other Federal agencies in determining eligibility
of the borrower for any loan made or guaranteed by that agency.

In no case will a borrower provided debt forgiveness or a delinquent borrower be
denied a loan or loan guarantee from the Federal government to pay for
educational expenses of the borrower. As a practical matter, FSA has always
provided debt forgiveness, in the form of debt settlement, to YL borrowers on
the same terms as any other borrower. To determine if the forgiveness is beyond
the borrower's control, consideration of the circumstances will be added to the
Agency Handbooks and this rule revises the definition of "debt forgiveness" in 7
CFR 761.2. This will ensure that, if the inability to pay giving rise to the
debt forgiveness was due to circumstances beyond the borrower's control, it will
not be used in consideration of a FSA loan application. As this is a mandate on
the entire Federal Government with particular emphasis on loans for educational
expenses, FSA will also make information regarding this change available to all
YL borrowers who receive debt forgiveness and any other Federal agency that is
considering a loan application from the borrower after debt forgiveness or while
they are delinquent.

With regard to YL debt servicing prior to debt forgiveness, the Debt Collection
Improvement Act of 1996 (DCIA) (Pub. L. 104-134, April 26, 1996) requires that
delinquent debts be reported to Treasury so that centralized collection can be
pursued through the Treasury Offset Program and outside collection agencies.
Section 373 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C. 2008h) also limits FSA direct loan borrowers
to only one debt forgiveness from FSA. These requirements were not changed by
the 2014 Farm Bill.
ML; Exclude From OL Term Limit Rule and Special Interest Rate for Beginning or
Veteran Farmers

FSA initiated the ML Program in 2013 to better serve the unique financial
operating needs of beginning, niche, or the smallest of family farm operations.
ML offers more flexible access to credit for these types of family farm
operations, who often face limited financing options.

Section 5106 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 311 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C.
1941) to exclude MLs made to beginning or veteran farmers from the direct OL
term limit. Section 12201 of the 2014 Farm Bill defines a "veteran farmer or
rancher" as someone who has served in the Armed Forces of the United States and
who has not farmed, or has farmed for 10 years or less. This rule amends 7 CFR
761.2 to include the definition of a veteran farmer.

As previously mentioned, the term "farm" or "farmer" also includes the term
"ranch" or "rancher," respectively. Therefore, all references to the term "farm"
or "farmer" will also respectively include "ranch" or "rancher," including the
definition of a "veteran farmer." Once the farmer is no longer a beginning
farmer or once a veteran has farmed more than 10 years, any ML they receive will
count toward the OL term limit. Section 5106 of the 2014 Farm Bill also amended
section 316 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1946) to make available a special interest
rate on ML equal to half the rate on 5-year treasuries plus 1 percent, but never
less than 5 percent, to beginning or veteran farmers.

Previously, only MLs made to beginning farmers were excluded from the OL term
limit. This rule amends 7 CFR 764.252 to expand the exclusion to include veteran
farmers.

In addition, previously the ML interest rate was either the regular OL rate or a
limited resource rate. This rule amends 7 CFR 764.254 to add the 2014 Farm Bill
special ML interest rate that will be at the same rate as the limited resource
OL rate, but will not be subject to special servicing reviews by FSA since it
will not be considered a limited resource interest rate. For a beginning or a
veteran farmer applying for a ML, they will now be able to choose between the
direct OL interest rate and the special ML interest rate. These changes in the
ML program will benefit both beginning and veteran farmers, who typically have
fewer financial resources and limited options available to finance their farming
operation.
Guaranteed OL; Eliminate Term Limit

Section 5107 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 319 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C.
1949) to eliminate all guaranteed OL term limits. Family farmers will no longer
be restricted in the number of years they can receive a guaranteed OL.

Guaranteed OLs are used to assist family farmers to obtain credit for normal
operating expenses, machinery, equipment, and livestock purchases, minor real
estate repairs or improvement, and to refinance debt. The repayment term may
vary, but are never longer than 7 years. OLs used to pay for normal operating
expenses are set up as a line of credit and are typically repaid within 12
months.

Previously, guaranteed OL borrowers were limited to no more than 15 years in
which they could receive OLs. As a result, many family farmers who continued to
have difficulty in meeting lender credit standards and had received 15 years of
OL, were unable to receive additional guaranteed OLs. The rule amends 7 CFR
762.122 to eliminate all guaranteed OL term limits. These family farmers will
now be able to obtain additional guaranteed OLs, which typically will provide
them with access to credit on better rates and terms.
Beginning Farmer; Amending Definition To Modify Acreage Ownership Limitation

Section 5303 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 343 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C.
1991) to change the owned real farm property limit from 30 percent of the median
farm acreage to 30 percent of the average farm acreage. FSA makes and guarantees
loans to beginning farmers who are unable to obtain financing from commercial
lenders. Each fiscal year, FSA targets a portion of its direct and guaranteed FO
and OL funds to beginning farmers.

Previously, to meet FSA's definition of a beginning farmer, the loan applicant
must not have owned real farm property that exceeded 30 percent of the median
farm acreage, except for an OL applicant. According to the 2012 Census of
Agriculture, nationally the median size farm is 80 acres, while the average size
farm is 434 acres. The farm acreage limit, previously based on the median, set a
limit so low in many counties it precluded applicants who owned small acreages
of real farm property from qualifying as a beginning farmer. This eliminated
many otherwise qualified applicants from accessing FSA farm loan funds targeted
to beginning farmers. The rule amends 7 CFR 761.2 to change the owned real farm
property limit. The farm acreage limit, now based on the average, will now allow
many qualified applicants access to farm loan funds targeted to beginning
farmers, which previously were not available to them.
Notice and Comment

In general, the Administrative Procedure Act (5 U.S.C. 553) requires that a
notice of proposed rulemaking be published in theFederal Registerand interested
persons be given an opportunity to participate in the rulemaking through
submission of written data, views, or arguments with or without opportunity for
oral presentation, except when the rule involves a matter relating to public
property, loans, grants, benefits, or contracts. This rule involved matters
relating to loans and is therefore being published as a final rule without the
opportunity for comments.
Effective Date

The Administrative Procedure Act provides generally that before rules are issued
by Government agencies, the rule is required to be published in theFederal
Register, and the required publication of a substantive rule is to be not less
than 30 days before its effective date. One of the exceptions is when the agency
finds good cause for not delaying the effective date. As noted above, the
changes in this rule are conforming changes because the 2014 Farm Bill allowed
no discretion in the changes and thus were implemented administratively after
the enactment of the 2014 Farm Bill. Using the administrative procedure
provisions in 5 U.S.C. 553, FSA finds that there is good cause for making this
rule effective less than 30 days after publication in theFederal Register.
Therefore, this final rule is effective when published in theFederal Register.
Executive Order 12866 and 13563

Executive Order 12866, "Regulatory Planning and Review," and Executive Order
13563, "Improving Regulation and Regulatory Review," direct agencies to assess
all costs and benefits of available regulatory alternatives and, if regulation
is necessary, to select regulatory approaches that maximize net benefits
(including potential economic, environmental, public health and safety effects,
distributive impacts, and equity). Executive Order 13563 emphasizes the
importance of quantifying both costs and benefits, of reducing costs, of
harmonizing rules, and of promoting flexibility.

The Office of Management and Budget (OMB) designated this rule as notsignificant
under Executive Order 12866, "Regulatory Planning and Review," and, therefore,
OMB was not required to review this final rule.
Regulatory Flexibility Act

In accordance with the Regulatory Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C. 601-612), as amended
by the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act of 1996 (SBREFA),
generally require an agency to prepare a regulatory flexibility analysis of any
rule subject to the notice and comment rulemaking requirements under APA or any
other law, unless the agency certifies that the rule will not have a significant
economic impact on a substantial number of small entities. All FSA direct loan
borrowers and all farm entities affected by this rule are small businesses
according to the North American Industry Classification System and the U. S.
Small Business Administration. There is no diversity in size of the entities
affected by this rule, and the costs to comply with it are the same for all
entities.

In this rule, FSA is revising regulations that affect both loan making and loan
servicing. FSA does not expect these changes to impose any additional cost to
the lenders or borrowers. Therefore, FSA certifies that this rule will not have
a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities.
Environmental

The environmental impacts of this rule have been considered in a manner
consistent with the provisions of the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA,
42 U.S.C. 4321-4347), the regulations of the Council on Environmental Quality
(40 CFR parts 1500-1508), and the FSA regulations for compliance with NEPA (7
CFR part 1940, subpart G). The changes contained in the rule are all mandatory
changes required by the 2014 Farm Bill and involved no discretion by FSA, either
in whether to implement or how to implement the changes; therefore, they are not
subject to review under NEPA. FSA is making these changes through a final rule
to update the regulations to match the changes previously implemented
administratively with an agency directive in February 2014. As such, FSA will
not prepare an environmental assessment or environmental impact statement for
this regulatory action.
Executive Order 12372

Executive Order 12372, "Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs," requires
consultation with State and local officials. The objectives of the Executive
Order are to foster an intergovernmental partnership and a strengthened
Federalism, by relying on State and local processes for State and local
government coordination and review of proposed Federal Financial assistance and
direct Federal development. For reasons set forth in the Notice to 7 CFR part
3015, subpart V (48 FR 29115, June 24, 1983), the programs and activities within
this rule are excluded from the scope of Executive Order 12372.
Executive Order 12988

This final rule has been reviewed in accordance with Executive Order 12988,
"Civil Justice Reform." This rule will not preempt State and local laws and
regulations unless they represent an irreconcilable conflict with this rule.
Before any judicial action may be brought concerning the provisions of this rule
the administrative appeal provisions of 7 CFR parts 11 and 780 are to be
exhausted.
Executive Order 13132

This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 13132, "Federalism." The
policies contained in this rule do not have any substantial direct effect on
States, the relationship between the Federal government and the States, or the
distribution of power and responsibilities among the various levels of
government. Nor does this rule impose substantial direct compliance costs on
State and local governments. Therefore, consultation with the States is not
required.
Executive Order 13175

This rule has been reviewed in accordance with the requirements of Executive
Order 13175, "Consultation and Coordination with Indian Tribal Governments."
Executive Order 13175 requires Federal agencies to consult and coordinate with
tribes on a government-to-government basis on policies that have tribal
implications, including regulations, legislative comments or proposed
legislation, and other policy statements or actions that have substantial direct
effects on one or more Indian tribes, on the relationship between the Federal
Government and Indian tribes or on the distribution of power and
responsibilities between the Federal Government and Indian tribes.

FSA has assessed the impact of this rule on Indian tribes and determined that
this rule does not, to our knowledge, have tribal implications that require
tribal consultation under Executive Order 13175. If a Tribe requests
consultation, FSA will work with the USDA Office of Tribal Relations to ensure
meaningful consultation is provided where changes, additions, and modifications
identified in this rule are not expressly mandated by the 2014 Farm Bill.
Unfunded Mandates

Title II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (UMRA, Pub. L. 104-4)
requires Federal agencies to assess the effects of their regulatory actions on
State, local, or Tribal governments or the private sector. Agencies generally
must prepare a written statement, including a cost benefit analysis, for final
rule with Federal mandates that may result in expenditures of $100 million or
more in any 1 year for State, local, or Tribal governments, in the aggregate, or
to the private sector. UMRA generally requires agencies to consider alternatives
and adopt the more cost effective or least burdensome alternative that achieves
the objectives of the rule. This rule contains no Federal mandates under the
regulatory provisions of Title II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995
(UMRA, Pub. L. 104-4) for State, local, or Tribal governments, or private
sector. Therefore, this rule is not subject to the requirements of sections 202
and 205 of UMRA.
Paperwork Reduction Act

This regulatory changes in this final rule do not require any changes to the
currently information collection request of OMB control numbers, 0560-0155,
0560-0233, 0560-0236, 0560-0237, 0560-0238 and 0560-0230.
E-Government Act Compliance

FSA is committed to complying with the E-Government Act, to promote the use of
the Internet and other information technologies to provide increased
opportunities for citizen access to Government information and services and
other purposes.
Federal Assistance Programs

The title and number of the Federal assistance programs, as found in the Catalog
of Federal Domestic Assistance, to which this final rule would apply are: 10.099
Conservation Loans; 10.404 Emergency Loans; 10.406 Farm Operating Loans;
and10.407 Farm Ownership Loans.
List of Subjects

Accounting, Loan programs--agriculture, Rural areas.

Agriculture, Banks, Banking, Credit, Loan programs--agriculture, Agricultural
commodities, Livestock.

Agriculture, Disaster assistance, Loan programs--agriculture, Agricultural
commodities, Livestock.

Agriculture, Credit, Loan programs--agriculture, Agricultural commodities,
Livestock.

For the reasons discussed above, FSA amends 7 CFR chapter VII as follows:
Regulatory Text
Part 761 Farm Loan Program General Program Administration

The authority citation for part 761 continues to read as follows:
Authority

5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart a General Provisions

1. Amend § 761.2(b) as follows:

a. Amend the definition of "Beginning farmer" in paragraph (5) by removing the
word "median" each time it appears and adding the word "average" in its place;

b. Revise the definition of "Debt forgiveness"; and

c. Add the definition of "Veteran farmer" in alphabetical order.

The additions read as follows:
§ 761.2 Abbreviations and definitions.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

* * * * *

Debt forgiveness is a reduction or termination of a debt under the Act in a
manner that results in a loss to the Agency.

(1) Debt forgiveness may be through:

(i) Writing down or writing off a debt pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2001;

(ii) Compromising, adjusting, reducing, or charging off a debt or claim pursuant
to 7 U.S.C. 1981; or

(iii) Paying a loss pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2005 on a FLP loan guaranteed by the
Agency.

(2) Debt forgiveness does not include:

(i) Debt reduction through a conservation contract;

(ii) Any writedown provided as part of the resolution of a discrimination
complaint against the Agency;

(iii) Prior debt forgiveness that has been repaid in its entirety;

(iv) Consolidation, rescheduling, reamortization, or deferral of a loan; or

(v) Forgiveness of YL debt, due to circumstances beyond the borrower's control.

The Agency will use the criteria in 7 CFR 766.104(a)(1) to determine if the
circumstances were beyond the borrower's control.

* * * * *

Veteran farmer is a farmer who has served in the Armed Forces (as defined in 38
U.S.C. 101(10)) and who--

(1) has not operated a farm; or

(2) has operated a farm for not more than 10 years.

* * * * *
§ 761.7 [Amended]

2. In § 761.7, remove paragraph (b)(3).
Part 762 Guaranteed Farm Loans

3. The authority citation for part 762 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
§ 762.122 [Amended]

4. In § 762.122, remove paragraph (b) and redesignate paragraphs (c) through (e)
as (b) through (d).

5. In § 762.129, revise paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) to read as follows:

The revision reads as follows:
§ 762.129 Percent of guarantee and maximum loss.

(a) Percent of guarantee. The percent of guarantee will not exceed 90 percent
based on the credit risk to the lender and the Agency both before and after the
transaction. The Agency will determine the percentage of guarantee. See
paragraph (b) of this section for exceptions.

(b) Exceptions. The guarantee will be determined by the Agency except:

(1) For OLs and FOs, the guarantee will be issued at 95 percent if:

(i) The sole purpose of a guaranteed FO or OL is to refinance an Agency direct
farm loan. When only a portion of the loan is used to refinance a direct Agency
loan, a weighted percentage of a guarantee will be provided; or

(ii) When the purpose of a guaranteed FO is to participate in the downpayment
loan program; or

(iii) When a guaranteed OL is made to a farmer who is participating in the
Agency's down payment loan program. The guaranteed OL must be made during the
period that a borrower has the down payment loan outstanding; or

(iv) When a guaranteed OL is made to a farmer whose farm land is subject to the
jurisdiction of an Indian tribe and whose loan is secured by one or more
security instruments that are subject to the jurisdiction of an Indian tribe.

(2) For CLs, the guarantee will be issued at 80 percent; however, the guarantee
will be issued at 90 percent if:

(i) The applicant is a qualified SDA farmer; or

(ii) The applicant is a qualified beginning farmer.

(c) CLP and PLP guarantees. All guarantees issued to CLP or PLP lenders will not
be less than 80 percent.

* * * * *
§ 762.130 [Amended]

6. In § 762.130(a)(2)(ii) remove "75" and add "80 or 90" in its place.
Part 764 Direct Loan Making

7. The authority citation for part 764 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart E--Downpayment Loan Program

8. Revise § 764.154(a)(3) to read as follows:
§ 764.154 Rates and terms.

(a) * * *

(3) If the FO loan is part of a joint financing arrangement and the amount of
the Agency's loan does not exceed 50 percent of the total amount financed, the
interest rate charged will be the greater of the following:

(i) The Agency's Direct Farm Ownership rate, available in each Agency office,
minus 2 percent; or

(ii) 2.5 percent.

* * * * *

9. Revise § 764.203(b)(3) to read as follows:
§ 764.203 Limitations.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(3) $667,000; subject to the direct FO dollar limit specified in 7 CFR
761.8(a)(1)(i).

* * * * *
Subpart G--Operating Loan Program

10. Revise § 764.252 to read as follows:
§ 764.252 Eligibility requirements.

(a) The applicant must comply with the general eligibility requirements
established in § 764.101.

(b) The applicant and anyone who will sign the promissory note, except as
provided in paragraph (c) of this section, must not have received debt
forgiveness from the Agency on any direct or guaranteed loan.

(c) The applicant and anyone who will sign the promissory note, may receive
direct OL loans to pay annual farm operating and family living expenses,
provided that the applicantmeets all other applicable requirements under this
part, if the applicant:

(1) Received a write-down under section 353 of the Act;

(2) Is current on payments under a confirmed reorganization plan under Chapter
11, 12, or 13 of Title 11 of the United States Code; or

(3) Received debt forgiveness on not more than one occasion after April 4, 1996,
resulting directly and primarily from a Presidentially-designated emergency for
the county or contiguous county in which the applicant operates. Only applicants
who were current on all existing direct and guaranteed FLP loans prior to the
beginning date of the incidence period of a Presidentially-designated emergency
and received debt forgiveness on that debt within 3 years after the designation
of such emergency meet this exception.

(d) In the case of an entity applicant, the entity must be:

(1) Controlled by farmers engaged primarily and directly in farming in the
United States; and

(2) Authorized to operate the farm in the State in which the farm is located.

(e) The applicant and anyone who will sign the promissory note, may close an OL
in no more than 7 calendar years, either as an individual or as a member of an
entity, except as provided in paragraphs (e)(1) through (4) of this section. The
years may be consecutive or nonconsecutive, and there is no limit on the number
of OLs closed in a year. Microloans made to a beginning farmer or a veteran
farmer are not counted toward this limitation. Youth loans are not counted
toward this limitation. The following exceptions apply:

(1) This limitation does not apply if the applicant and anyone who will sign the
promissory note is a beginning farmer.

(2) This limitation does not apply if the applicant's land is subject to the
jurisdiction of an Indian tribe, the loan is secured by one or more security
instruments subject to the jurisdiction of an Indian tribe, and commercial
credit is generally not available to such farm operations.

(3) If the applicant, and anyone who will sign the promissory note, has closed
direct OL loans in 4 or more previous calendar years as of April 4, 1996, the
applicant is eligible to close OL loans in any 3 additional years after that
date.

(4) On a case-by-case basis, may be granted a one-time waiver of OL term limits
for a period of 2 years, not subject to administrative appeal, if the applicant:

(i) Has a financially viable operation;

(ii) And in the case of an entity, the members holding the majority interest,
applied for commercial credit from at least two lenders and were unable to
obtain a commercial loan, including an Agency-guaranteed loan; and

(iii) Has successfully completed, or will complete within one year, borrower
training. Previous waivers to the borrower training requirements are not
applicable under this paragraph.

11. Add § 764.254(a)(4) to read as follows:
§ 764.254 Rates and terms.

(a) * * *

(4) The Agency's Direct ML OL interest rate on an ML to a beginning farmer or
veteran farmer is available in each Agency office. ML borrowers in these groups
have the option of choosing the ML OL interest rate or the Direct OL interest
rate in effect at the time of approval, or if lower, the rate in effect at the
time of closing.

* * * * *
§ 764.302 [Amended]

12. In § 764.302, remove paragraph (d) and redesignate paragraphs (e) through
(f) as paragraphs (d) through (e).
Part 765 Direct Loan Servicing Regular

13. The authority citation for part 765 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart F--Required Use and Operation of Agency Security

14. Revise § 765.252(b)(1) to read as follows:
§ 765.252 Lease of security.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(1) For FO loans made from December 23, 1985, to February 7, 2014, and loans
other than FO loans secured by real estate and made from December 23, 1985, to
November 1, 2013, the value of the mineral rights must have been included in the
original appraisal in order for the Agency to obtain a security interest in any
oil, gas, and other mineral associated with the real estate security.

* * * * *
Signed on December 16, 2014.
Val Dolcini,
Administrator, Farm Service Agency.
[FR Doc. 2014-30172 Filed 12-30-14; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-05-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             197 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 5, 2009 Tuesday

EDITORIAL: Urgency needed in aid for farmers

BYLINE: Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 366 words


May 5--Time is of the essence for farmers, dairy operators and ranchers who have
loans through New Frontier Bank.

That's why we appreciate Democratic senators Mark Udall and Michael Bennet, as
well as U.S. Rep. Betsy Markey, D-Fort Collins, jumping in last week to seek
help for area farmers affected by the closing of New Frontier.

We just hope it's not too late.

The delegation asked the U.S. Department of Agriculture to shift funds from its
guaranteed loan program to its direct operating loan program in the hopes some
area farmers could secure enough funds to continue operating.

Time is running out. New Frontier is scheduled to close Friday, and the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corp., which has taken over the bank, is working to resolve
loans held by the institution.

Other area banks also are trying to help out, but they don't have the loan
capacity to take all of New Frontier's debtors. It is estimated the closure of
New Frontier will leave $70 million in unmet loans for agriculture operators.

We hope the Department of Agriculture, through its Farm Service Agency, can act
quickly and give some hope to these farmers. This is a critical time. Because
their payoff doesn't come until harvest, most farmers need operating loans each
year to survive. Farmers need money to get their crops in the ground and have
enough to get them through the growing season and into harvest.

We don't have to remind anyone how important agriculture is to this county. As
Markey said, it is the "backbone of the local economy." We don't want to see
farms or other agriculture operations fail because of the closure of New
Frontier.

We urge our senators and representatives to continue their diligence and secure
help for our area agriculture producers quickly.

There simply isn't time to wait.

To see more of the Greeley Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.greeleytribune.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Greeley Tribune, Colo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090505-GY-EDITORIAL-Urgency-needed-in-aid-for-farmers-0505

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2009 Greeley Tribune


                             198 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               February 11, 1991

FAMC Will Pool FmHA Loans

BYLINE: By TED CORNWELL

SECTION: SECONDARY MARKETS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 415 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp. is ready to pool and securitize
commercial loans guaranteed by the Farmers Home Administration, Farmer Mac
president Henry Edelman announced here recently.

The FmHA guarantees 90% of commercial loans made under FmHA Farm Ownership or
FmHA Operating Loan guarantee programs.

The originating lender retains servicing and also maintains a 10% share of the
loan's risk.

An estimated 8,000 lenders have originated FmHA-guaranteed loans.

Currently, $ 6 billion in FmHA-guaranteed loans are outstanding.

The Bush Administration budget for fiscal 1992 includes $ 2.6 billion in
guaranteed lending authority for the farm operating loan program and $ 200
million for guaranteed farm ownership loans.

Originators may now sell their loans to Farmer Mac on a cash basis or swap them
with Farmer Mac in exchange for mortgage-backed securities.

Swap transactions require at least $ 250,000 in guaranteed loans.

Farmer Mac will sell and securitize only the guaranteed portion of the loan and
anticipates making a securitized offering on a regular basis, probably monthly,
during the peak season for farm lending.

The size of the offering will depend on the sales of FmHA-guaranteed loans to
Farmer Mac.

Mr. Edelman said the securitization program should help increase the volume of
FmHA guaranteed lending.

In recent years, the volume of guarantees issued has not reached FmHA's
authorized capacity.

Securitization of the loans will help originators increase earnings, reduce
interest rate risk, earn low-risk fee income from loan servicing and
origination, and offer a broader range of loan products to borrowers, he said.

"We think this program is going to give lenders an incentive to make guaranteed
loans.

"The combination of better economics and increased liquidity should mean that
banks will be encouraged to reach out to more borrowers," Mr. Edelman said.

Farmers and ranchers will benefit from a more stable, reliable supply of
fixed-rate credit, he said.

The Farmer Mac securitization process will impose no new requirements on the
loan origination process for lenders or borrowers.

Farmer Mac also has developed a new computer program, AGPAK II, which allows
originators to fill out the relevant FmHA forms without duplication of
information.

In addition, the program performs all calculations needed for the FmHA forms.

The 1990 farm bill gave Farmer Mac the authority to operate a secondary market
for FmHA-guaranteed loans.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             199 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               February 13, 2017

                        BILL ARNOLD (HURST FARM) LIMITED

                                 BENNETTE FARM
                                    BORELEY
                                   OMBERSLEY
                                    HEREFORD


TRADE ADDRESS: Bennetts Farm Boreley, HEREFORD

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 03168054

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: March 5, 1996
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  ARNOLD FARMS LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  ARNOLD FARMS LIMITED

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr William Thomas Arnold, Farmer
     ·    Mrs Ethel Susan Arnold, Company Secretary


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Other letting and operating of own or leased real estate
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68209
82000

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  September 17, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  December 6, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  14,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                              385,720   387,340   388,960
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                           385,720   387,340   388,960
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                             463       464       468
Miscellaneous Current Assets                     700         0         0
Other Current Assets                           1,163       464       468
Total Current Assets                           1,163       464       468
Fixed Assets                                 385,720   387,340   388,960
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 386,883   387,804   389,428



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            100,603    95,182    89,374
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                    100,603    95,182    89,374
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                6,131         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                            6,131         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                   26,064    39,004    45,358
Total Current Liabilities                    100,603    95,182    89,374
Total Long Term Liabilities                   32,195    39,004    45,358
TOTAL LIABILITIES                            132,798   134,186   134,732
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 2         2         2
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                 29,116    27,315    27,059
Revaluation Reserve                          224,967   226,301   227,635
Shareholder Funds                            254,085   253,618   254,696
Called Up Share Capital                            2         2         2
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 0         0         0
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                   286,280   292,622   300,054


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed     286,280   292,622   300,054
Net Worth            254,085   253,618   254,696
Working Capital       -99440    -94718    -88906
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets        -0.24  -0.65  -1.07
Current Assets     150.65  148.5 137.83
Current               5.7  12.56  17.42
Liabilities
Capital Employed    -2.17  -4.59  -6.26
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 59,273 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
70200 Letting of own property



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     3.03    11.52
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0     2.14     6.41
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0    21.62    61.19
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               4.38     7.69    30.85
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       12.15        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .08       .6     2.26
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            27,864.5 79,369.5 161,438.
                                                          1        9        4
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,800 23,120.3 39,861.1
                                                                   7        1
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    70,000 168,352.  404,200
                                                                   9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  29.98     15.9     8.02



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  7
=        5
Year -1  5
=
Year -2  7
=        3
Year -3  7
=        3

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                0.01         0      0.01
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.01         0      0.01
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                          2.41         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.66      0.65      0.65
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                      2.41         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                       -0.06         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                           0.02         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 286,280

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2017


                             200 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 31, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Farm Loan Programs; Programs Changes

LENGTH: 6284  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Register has published the following document:

[Federal Register Volume 79, Number 250 (Wednesday, December 31, 2014)]
[Rules and Regulations]
[Pages 78689-78694]
From the Federal Register Online via the Government Printing Office
[www.gpo.gov]
[FR Doc No: 2014-30172]

========================================================================
Rules and Regulations
 Federal Register
________________________________________________________________________

This section of the FEDERAL REGISTER contains regulatory documents
having general applicability and legal effect, most of which are keyed
to and codified in the Code of Federal Regulations, which is published
under 50 titles pursuant to 44 U.S.C. 1510.

The Code of Federal Regulations is sold by the Superintendent of Documents.
Prices of new books are listed in the first FEDERAL REGISTER issue of each
week.

========================================================================


Federal Register / Vol. 79, No. 250 / Wednesday, December 31, 2014 /
Rules and Regulations

[[Page 78689]]

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE

Farm Service Agency

7 CFR Parts 761, 762, 764, and 765

RIN 0560-AI29


Farm Loan Programs; Programs Changes

AGENCY: Farm Service Agency, USDA.

ACTION: Final rule.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY: The Farm Service Agency (FSA) is amending Farm Loan Programs
(FLP) loan making and servicing regulations to reflect several changes
required by the Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm Bill). The changes
were implemented administratively upon the passage of the 2014 Farm
Bill; this rule makes conforming amendments in the FSA regulations.

DATES: Effective: December 31, 2014.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Bradley A. Johnson, telephone: (202)
720-5847. Persons with disabilities or who require alternative means
for communications (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) should
contact the USDA Target Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice).

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

Background

The FSA FLP direct loans and loan guarantees provide credit to
farmers whose financial risk exceeds a level acceptable to commercial
lenders. Through direct and guaranteed Farm Ownership loans (FO),
Operating Loans (OL), and Conservation Loans (CL); direct Microloans
(ML), direct Emergency Loans (EM) and Land Contract (LC) guarantees,
FSA assists tens of thousands of farmers each year in starting and
maintaining profitable farm businesses. FSA loan funds may be used to
pay normal operating or family living expenses; make capital
improvements; refinance certain debts; and purchase farmland,
livestock, equipment, feed and other materials essential to farm
operations. FSA services extend beyond the typical loan by offering
farmers ongoing consultation and advice, to help to make their farm
successful. These loans are a temporary source of credit. Farmers with
direct loans generally are required to graduate to other credit when
their financial condition will allow them to do so.
 In addition, the YL Program provides operating loans of up to
$5,000 to eligible individual youths, ages 10 to 20, to finance income
producing, agriculture related projects. The project must be of modest
size, educational and initiated, developed and carried out by youths
participating in 4-H Clubs, Future Farmers of America (FFA), or a
similar organization.
 Throughout this rule, any reference to ``farm'' or ``farmer'' also
includes ``ranch'' or ``rancher'', respectively.
 This rule makes changes in the FSA regulations required by several
provisions of the 2014 Farm Bill (Pub. L. 113-79) regarding FSA's loan
making and servicing programs. More specifically, the changes:
 Increase the percent of guarantee for CLs;
 Reduce the interest rate for direct FOs made under a joint
financing arrangement;
 Eliminate the oil, gas, and mineral appraisal requirement;
 Increase the maximum loan amount for a direct FO made
under the downpayment program;
 Eliminate the rural residency requirement for the YLs ;
 Allow a borrower who had YL debt forgiveness to receive
future Government loans under certain circumstances;
 Exclude MLs to beginning or veteran farmers from the
existing OL term limitations, and add a special ML interest rate
available to beginning and veteran farmers;
 Eliminate the term limit for guaranteed OLs; and
 Amend the definition of a beginning farmer, specifically
the maximum owned acreage requirement.

CL; Increase Percent of Guarantee

Guaranteed CLs promote conservation practices on farms that help
protect natural resources, and provide credit for farmers to implement
these conservation measures on their land. Unlike FSA's traditional FO
and OL Programs that are targeted toward family and less financially
established farmers, eligibility requirements for the CL Program permit
FSA to provide assistance to applicants who may not be a family farmer
or are financially strong.
 Section 5002 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 304(e) of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (CONACT) (7 U.S.C. 1924e)
to increase the percent of guarantee for CLs from 75 percent to 80
percent, and authorized a 90 percent guarantee for a qualified
beginning or socially disadvantaged (SDA) farmer. Lenders will now be
able to have a greater guarantee on CLs.
 Previously, CL received a 75 percent guarantee, which was less than
the typical 90 percent guarantee on an FO or farm OL guarantee.
Partially due to this lower percentage of guarantee, the use of CLs
have been extremely limited since guaranteed FO or OL funds may also be
used for conservation purposes.
 This rule amends 7 CFR 762.129 and 762.130 to increase the percent
of guarantee for CL. The increase in CL guarantee to 80 percent and the
even higher 90 percent guarantee to beginning or SDA farmers will
increase the use of CL guarantees used to implement conservation
practices, which benefit not only the farmer, but the environment as
well.

Direct FO as Part of Joint Financing Arrangement; Interest Rate

Direct FOs made as part of a participation (joint financing)
arrangement are eligible for a special joint financing interest rate.
These loans require that a commercial lender or private party provide a
portion of the financing, such that the FO does not exceed 50 percent
of the total amount financed. FOs may be used to purchase a farm,
enlarge an existing farm, construct or improve farm structures, pay
closing costs, and for soil and water conservation and protection.
Repayment terms may be as long as 40 years and the maximum FO
indebtedness is limited to $300,000.
 Section 5003 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 307(a)(3) of the
CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1927(a)(3)) to reduce the interest rate for FOs that
are part of a joint financing arrangement. This joint financing
interest rate is the direct FO

[[Page 78690]]

regular interest rate minus 2 percent, with a floor of 2.5 percent.
 Previously, the joint financing interest rate for FOs was 5 percent
and has been since March 24, 1997. For several years, the joint
financing interest rate of 5 percent has been higher than the direct FO
interest rate. As a result, there has been no financial incentive for
the farmer to finance a portion of the real estate purchase with
another lender, unless she or he qualified as a beginning or SDA farmer
who was able to receive a downpayment FO with a lower interest rate.
 This rule amends 7 CFR 764.154 to change the interest rate for FOs
that are part of a joint financing arrangement. This reduced interest
rate for FOs made under a joint financing agreement will encourage
farmers to seek commercial lender financing, and therefore reduce FSA
financing of the farm to 50 percent or less. FSA expects to be able to
leverage the use of our typically limited direct FO funds, to assist an
even greater number of eligible family farmers.

Mineral Rights Appraisal; Eliminate Requirement

FSA uses appraisals to determine the value of real and personal
property. Appraisals ensure there is adequate security to support FSA
loan making and servicing actions.
 Section 5004 of the 2014 Farm Bill eliminated the requirement that
in order for FSA to have the rights to oil, gas, or other minerals as
FO collateral, the products' value must be considered in the appraised
value of the real estate securing the loan.
 Section 307(d) of the CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1927(d)), previously
required that for FOs; the value of oil, gas, or other minerals must be
included in the appraised value of the real estate security in order
for FSA to have a valid lien on those products. This rule removes this
mineral appraisal requirement in 7 CFR 761.7 and 765.252 for all future
FLP loans. For all loans made after February 7, 2014, the date of the
2014 Farm Bill was enacted, FSA will have a security interest in oil,
gas, or other minerals on or under the property regardless of whether
the value of those products were included in the appraisal value of the
property. This security interest is reflected in the FSA mortgage
forms.

Downpayment FOs; Increase Maximum Loan Amount

FSA downpayment FOs are used to assist beginning and SDA farmers in
purchasing a farm. The loans have a lower interest rate than other FO
loans and require participation by another lender, along with cash down
payment requirement of 5 percent.
 Section 5005 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 310E(b)(1)(C) of
the CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1935(b)(1)(C)) to increase the maximum loan limit
for downpayment FOs to 45 percent of $667,000. This amount is $300,150;
however, section 305 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1925) limits the maximum
loan amount for each FO, including downpayment FOs, to $300,000.
 Previously, downpayment FOs were limited to a maximum of $225,000
(45 percent of $500,000) and all other types of direct FOs were limited
to $300,000. This difference in maximum loan amounts was a limiting
factor in many loan transactions, particularly as loan amounts have
increased due to rising farm real estate values. The rule amends 7 CFR
764.203 to increase the maximum loan limit for downpayment FO loans to
$300,000.

YL; Eliminate Rural Residency Requirement

FSA makes YL of up to $5,000 to eligible individual youths, ages 10
to 20, to finance income producing and agricultural related projects.
The project must be modest in size, educational, and initiated,
developed and carried out by youths participating in a 4-H Club, FFA,
or similar organization.
 Section 5102 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 311(b)(1) of the
CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1941(b)(1)) to eliminate the rural residency
requirement for YL. Eligible youth in suburban and urban areas will now
be eligible for YL.
 Previously, to be eligible for a YL the applicant had to reside in
a rural area. FSA regulations further defined this as ``residing in a
rural area, city, or town with a population of 50,000 or fewer
people.'' The rule amends 7 CFR 764.302 to eliminate the rural
residency requirement for YL. The removal of this requirement now
allows FSA to extend YL assistance to youth residing in suburban and
urban areas to finance eligible agricultural related projects.

YL; Forgiveness of Debt

Forgiveness of YL debt, due to circumstances beyond the borrower's
control, will no longer preclude the borrower from obtaining additional
loans from any U.S. Government agency. Additionally, borrowers with YL
debt forgiveness, or who are delinquent on a YL, will now be able to
receive student loans. The servicing and collection of YLs is not
affected by the statute and will continue under the present
regulations.
 Section 5103 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 311(b) of the
CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1941(b)) to authorize the Secretary of Agriculture to,
on a case by case basis, provide debt forgiveness of a YL if the
borrower was unable to repay the loan due to circumstances beyond the
control of the borrower. The Secretary may also determine that the debt
forgiveness was caused by national disaster, act of terrorism, or other
man-made disaster that resulted in an inordinate level of damage
severely affecting the YL borrower. The debt forgiveness provided by
this section is not to be used by other Federal agencies in determining
eligibility of the borrower for any loan made or guaranteed by that
agency.
 In no case will a borrower provided debt forgiveness or a
delinquent borrower be denied a loan or loan guarantee from the Federal
government to pay for educational expenses of the borrower. As a
practical matter, FSA has always provided debt forgiveness, in the form
of debt settlement, to YL borrowers on the same terms as any other
borrower. To determine if the forgiveness is beyond the borrower's
control, consideration of the circumstances will be added to the Agency
Handbooks and this rule revises the definition of ``debt forgiveness''
in 7 CFR 761.2. This will ensure that, if the inability to pay giving
rise to the debt forgiveness was due to circumstances beyond the
borrower's control, it will not be used in consideration of a FSA loan
application. As this is a mandate on the entire Federal Government with
particular emphasis on loans for educational expenses, FSA will also
make information regarding this change available to all YL borrowers
who receive debt forgiveness and any other Federal agency that is
considering a loan application from the borrower after debt forgiveness
or while they are delinquent.
 With regard to YL debt servicing prior to debt forgiveness, the
Debt Collection Improvement Act of 1996 (DCIA) (Pub. L. 104-134, April
26, 1996) requires that delinquent debts be reported to Treasury so
that centralized collection can be pursued through the Treasury Offset
Program and outside collection agencies. Section 373 of the CONACT (7
U.S.C. 2008h) also limits FSA direct loan borrowers to only one debt
forgiveness from FSA. These requirements were not changed by the 2014
Farm Bill.

[[Page 78691]]

ML; Exclude From OL Term Limit Rule and Special Interest Rate for
Beginning or Veteran Farmers

FSA initiated the ML Program in 2013 to better serve the unique
financial operating needs of beginning, niche, or the smallest of
family farm operations. ML offers more flexible access to credit for
these types of family farm operations, who often face limited financing
options.
 Section 5106 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 311 of the
CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1941) to exclude MLs made to beginning or veteran
farmers from the direct OL term limit. Section 12201 of the 2014 Farm
Bill defines a ``veteran farmer or rancher'' as someone who has served
in the Armed Forces of the United States and who has not farmed, or has
farmed for 10 years or less. This rule amends 7 CFR 761.2 to include
the definition of a veteran farmer.
 As previously mentioned, the term ``farm'' or ``farmer'' also
includes the term ``ranch'' or ``rancher,'' respectively. Therefore,
all references to the term ``farm'' or ``farmer'' will also
respectively include ``ranch'' or ``rancher,'' including the definition
of a ``veteran farmer.'' Once the farmer is no longer a beginning
farmer or once a veteran has farmed more than 10 years, any ML they
receive will count toward the OL term limit. Section 5106 of the 2014
Farm Bill also amended section 316 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1946) to
make available a special interest rate on ML equal to half the rate on
5-year treasuries plus 1 percent, but never less than 5 percent, to
beginning or veteran farmers.
 Previously, only MLs made to beginning farmers were excluded from
the OL term limit. This rule amends 7 CFR 764.252 to expand the
exclusion to include veteran farmers.
 In addition, previously the ML interest rate was either the regular
OL rate or a limited resource rate. This rule amends 7 CFR 764.254 to
add the 2014 Farm Bill special ML interest rate that will be at the
same rate as the limited resource OL rate, but will not be subject to
special servicing reviews by FSA since it will not be considered a
limited resource interest rate. For a beginning or a veteran farmer
applying for a ML, they will now be able to choose between the direct
OL interest rate and the special ML interest rate. These changes in the
ML program will benefit both beginning and veteran farmers, who
typically have fewer financial resources and limited options available
to finance their farming operation.

Guaranteed OL; Eliminate Term Limit

Section 5107 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 319 of the
CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1949) to eliminate all guaranteed OL term limits.
Family farmers will no longer be restricted in the number of years they
can receive a guaranteed OL.
 Guaranteed OLs are used to assist family farmers to obtain credit
for normal operating expenses, machinery, equipment, and livestock
purchases, minor real estate repairs or improvement, and to refinance
debt. The repayment term may vary, but are never longer than 7 years.
OLs used to pay for normal operating expenses are set up as a line of
credit and are typically repaid within 12 months.
 Previously, guaranteed OL borrowers were limited to no more than 15
years in which they could receive OLs. As a result, many family farmers
who continued to have difficulty in meeting lender credit standards and
had received 15 years of OL, were unable to receive additional
guaranteed OLs. The rule amends 7 CFR 762.122 to eliminate all
guaranteed OL term limits. These family farmers will now be able to
obtain additional guaranteed OLs, which typically will provide them
with access to credit on better rates and terms.

Beginning Farmer; Amending Definition To Modify Acreage Ownership
Limitation

Section 5303 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 343 of the
CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1991) to change the owned real farm property limit
from 30 percent of the median farm acreage to 30 percent of the average
farm acreage. FSA makes and guarantees loans to beginning farmers who
are unable to obtain financing from commercial lenders. Each fiscal
year, FSA targets a portion of its direct and guaranteed FO and OL
funds to beginning farmers.
 Previously, to meet FSA's definition of a beginning farmer, the
loan applicant must not have owned real farm property that exceeded 30
percent of the median farm acreage, except for an OL applicant.
According to the 2012 Census of Agriculture, nationally the median size
farm is 80 acres, while the average size farm is 434 acres. The farm
acreage limit, previously based on the median, set a limit so low in
many counties it precluded applicants who owned small acreages of real
farm property from qualifying as a beginning farmer. This eliminated
many otherwise qualified applicants from accessing FSA farm loan funds
targeted to beginning farmers. The rule amends 7 CFR 761.2 to change
the owned real farm property limit. The farm acreage limit, now based
on the average, will now allow many qualified applicants access to farm
loan funds targeted to beginning farmers, which previously were not
available to them.

Notice and Comment

In general, the Administrative Procedure Act (5 U.S.C. 553)
requires that a notice of proposed rulemaking be published in the
Federal Register and interested persons be given an opportunity to
participate in the rulemaking through submission of written data,
views, or arguments with or without opportunity for oral presentation,
except when the rule involves a matter relating to public property,
loans, grants, benefits, or contracts. This rule involved matters
relating to loans and is therefore being published as a final rule
without the opportunity for comments.

Effective Date

The Administrative Procedure Act provides generally that before
rules are issued by Government agencies, the rule is required to be
published in the Federal Register, and the required publication of a
substantive rule is to be not less than 30 days before its effective
date. One of the exceptions is when the agency finds good cause for not
delaying the effective date. As noted above, the changes in this rule
are conforming changes because the 2014 Farm Bill allowed no discretion
in the changes and thus were implemented administratively after the
enactment of the 2014 Farm Bill. Using the administrative procedure
provisions in 5 U.S.C. 553, FSA finds that there is good cause for
making this rule effective less than 30 days after publication in the
Federal Register. Therefore, this final rule is effective when
published in the Federal Register.

Executive Order 12866 and 13563

Executive Order 12866, ``Regulatory Planning and Review,'' and
Executive Order 13563, ``Improving Regulation and Regulatory Review,''
direct agencies to assess all costs and benefits of available
regulatory alternatives and, if regulation is necessary, to select
regulatory approaches that maximize net benefits (including potential
economic, environmental, public health and safety effects, distributive
impacts, and equity). Executive Order 13563 emphasizes the importance
of quantifying both costs and benefits, of reducing costs, of
harmonizing rules, and of promoting flexibility.
 The Office of Management and Budget (OMB) designated this rule as
not

[[Page 78692]]

significant under Executive Order 12866, ``Regulatory Planning and
Review,'' and, therefore, OMB was not required to review this final
rule.

Regulatory Flexibility Act

In accordance with the Regulatory Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C. 601-
612), as amended by the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness
Act of 1996 (SBREFA), generally require an agency to prepare a
regulatory flexibility analysis of any rule subject to the notice and
comment rulemaking requirements under APA or any other law, unless the
agency certifies that the rule will not have a significant economic
impact on a substantial number of small entities. All FSA direct loan
borrowers and all farm entities affected by this rule are small
businesses according to the North American Industry Classification
System and the U. S. Small Business Administration. There is no
diversity in size of the entities affected by this rule, and the costs
to comply with it are the same for all entities.
 In this rule, FSA is revising regulations that affect both loan
making and loan servicing. FSA does not expect these changes to impose
any additional cost to the lenders or borrowers. Therefore, FSA
certifies that this rule will not have a significant economic impact on
a substantial number of small entities.

Environmental

The environmental impacts of this rule have been considered in a
manner consistent with the provisions of the National Environmental
Policy Act (NEPA, 42 U.S.C. 4321-4347), the regulations of the Council
on Environmental Quality (40 CFR parts 1500-1508), and the FSA
regulations for compliance with NEPA (7 CFR part 1940, subpart G). The
changes contained in the rule are all mandatory changes required by the
2014 Farm Bill and involved no discretion by FSA, either in whether to
implement or how to implement the changes; therefore, they are not
subject to review under NEPA. FSA is making these changes through a
final rule to update the regulations to match the changes previously
implemented administratively with an agency directive in February 2014.
As such, FSA will not prepare an environmental assessment or
environmental impact statement for this regulatory action.

Executive Order 12372

Executive Order 12372, ``Intergovernmental Review of Federal
Programs,'' requires consultation with State and local officials. The
objectives of the Executive Order are to foster an intergovernmental
partnership and a strengthened Federalism, by relying on State and
local processes for State and local government coordination and review
of proposed Federal Financial assistance and direct Federal
development. For reasons set forth in the Notice to 7 CFR part 3015,
subpart V (48 FR 29115, June 24, 1983), the programs and activities
within this rule are excluded from the scope of Executive Order 12372.

Executive Order 12988

This final rule has been reviewed in accordance with Executive
Order 12988, ``Civil Justice Reform.'' This rule will not preempt State
and local laws and regulations unless they represent an irreconcilable
conflict with this rule. Before any judicial action may be brought
concerning the provisions of this rule the administrative appeal
provisions of 7 CFR parts 11 and 780 are to be exhausted.

Executive Order 13132

This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 13132,
``Federalism.'' The policies contained in this rule do not have any
substantial direct effect on States, the relationship between the
Federal government and the States, or the distribution of power and
responsibilities among the various levels of government. Nor does this
rule impose substantial direct compliance costs on State and local
governments. Therefore, consultation with the States is not required.

Executive Order 13175

This rule has been reviewed in accordance with the requirements of
Executive Order 13175, ``Consultation and Coordination with Indian
Tribal Governments.'' Executive Order 13175 requires Federal agencies
to consult and coordinate with tribes on a government-to-government
basis on policies that have tribal implications, including regulations,
legislative comments or proposed legislation, and other policy
statements or actions that have substantial direct effects on one or
more Indian tribes, on the relationship between the Federal Government
and Indian tribes or on the distribution of power and responsibilities
between the Federal Government and Indian tribes.
 FSA has assessed the impact of this rule on Indian tribes and
determined that this rule does not, to our knowledge, have tribal
implications that require tribal consultation under Executive Order
13175. If a Tribe requests consultation, FSA will work with the USDA
Office of Tribal Relations to ensure meaningful consultation is
provided where changes, additions, and modifications identified in this
rule are not expressly mandated by the 2014 Farm Bill.

Unfunded Mandates

Title II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (UMRA, Pub. L.
104-4) requires Federal agencies to assess the effects of their
regulatory actions on State, local, or Tribal governments or the
private sector. Agencies generally must prepare a written statement,
including a cost benefit analysis, for final rule with Federal mandates
that may result in expenditures of $100 million or more in any 1 year
for State, local, or Tribal governments, in the aggregate, or to the
private sector. UMRA generally requires agencies to consider
alternatives and adopt the more cost effective or least burdensome
alternative that achieves the objectives of the rule. This rule
contains no Federal mandates under the regulatory provisions of Title
II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (UMRA, Pub. L. 104-4)
for State, local, or Tribal governments, or private sector. Therefore,
this rule is not subject to the requirements of sections 202 and 205 of
UMRA.

Paperwork Reduction Act

This regulatory changes in this final rule do not require any
changes to the currently information collection request of OMB control
numbers, 0560-0155, 0560-0233, 0560-0236, 0560-0237, 0560-0238 and
0560-0230.

E-Government Act Compliance

FSA is committed to complying with the E-Government Act, to promote
the use of the Internet and other information technologies to provide
increased opportunities for citizen access to Government information
and services and other purposes.

Federal Assistance Programs

The title and number of the Federal assistance programs, as found
in the Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance, to which this final rule
would apply are: 10.099 Conservation Loans; 10.404 Emergency Loans;
10.406 Farm Operating Loans; and10.407 Farm Ownership Loans.

List of Subjects

7 CFR Part 761

Accounting, Loan programs--agriculture, Rural areas.

[[Page 78693]]

7 CFR Part 762

Agriculture, Banks, Banking, Credit, Loan programs--agriculture,
Agricultural commodities, Livestock.

7 CFR Part 764

Agriculture, Disaster assistance, Loan programs--agriculture,
Agricultural commodities, Livestock.

7 CFR Part 765

Agriculture, Credit, Loan programs--agriculture, Agricultural
commodities, Livestock.

For the reasons discussed above, FSA amends 7 CFR chapter VII as
follows:

PART 761--FARM LOAN PROGRAM; GENERAL PROGRAM ADMINISTRATION

The authority citation for part 761 continues to read as follows:

Authority: 5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.

Subpart A--General Provisions

0
1. Amend Sec. 761.2(b) as follows:
0
a. Amend the definition of ``Beginning farmer'' in paragraph (5) by
removing the word ``median'' each time it appears and adding the word
``average'' in its place;
0
b. Revise the definition of ``Debt forgiveness''; and
0
c. Add the definition of ``Veteran farmer'' in alphabetical order.
 The additions read as follows:


Sec. 761.2 Abbreviations and definitions.

* * * * *
 (b) * * *
* * * * *
 Debt forgiveness is a reduction or termination of a debt under the
Act in a manner that results in a loss to the Agency.
 (1) Debt forgiveness may be through:
 (i) Writing down or writing off a debt pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2001;
 (ii) Compromising, adjusting, reducing, or charging off a debt or
claim pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 1981; or
 (iii) Paying a loss pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2005 on a FLP loan
guaranteed by the Agency.
 (2) Debt forgiveness does not include:
 (i) Debt reduction through a conservation contract;
 (ii) Any writedown provided as part of the resolution of a
discrimination complaint against the Agency;
 (iii) Prior debt forgiveness that has been repaid in its entirety;
 (iv) Consolidation, rescheduling, reamortization, or deferral of a
loan; or
 (v) Forgiveness of YL debt, due to circumstances beyond the
borrower's control.
 The Agency will use the criteria in 7 CFR 766.104(a)(1) to
determine if the circumstances were beyond the borrower's control.
* * * * *
 Veteran farmer is a farmer who has served in the Armed Forces (as
defined in 38 U.S.C. 101(10)) and who--
 (1) has not operated a farm; or
 (2) has operated a farm for not more than 10 years.
* * * * *


Sec. 761.7 [Amended]

0
2. In Sec. 761.7, remove paragraph (b)(3).

PART 762--GUARANTEED FARM LOANS

0
3. The authority citation for part 762 continues to read as follows:

Authority: 5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.


Sec. 762.122 [Amended]

0
4. In Sec. 762.122, remove paragraph (b) and redesignate paragraphs
(c) through (e) as (b) through (d).

0
5. In Sec. 762.129, revise paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) to read as
follows:
 The revision reads as follows:


Sec. 762.129 Percent of guarantee and maximum loss.

(a) Percent of guarantee. The percent of guarantee will not exceed
90 percent based on the credit risk to the lender and the Agency both
before and after the transaction. The Agency will determine the
percentage of guarantee. See paragraph (b) of this section for
exceptions.
 (b) Exceptions. The guarantee will be determined by the Agency
except:
 (1) For OLs and FOs, the guarantee will be issued at 95 percent if:
 (i) The sole purpose of a guaranteed FO or OL is to refinance an
Agency direct farm loan. When only a portion of the loan is used to
refinance a direct Agency loan, a weighted percentage of a guarantee
will be provided; or
 (ii) When the purpose of a guaranteed FO is to participate in the
downpayment loan program; or
 (iii) When a guaranteed OL is made to a farmer who is participating
in the Agency's down payment loan program. The guaranteed OL must be
made during the period that a borrower has the down payment loan
outstanding; or
 (iv) When a guaranteed OL is made to a farmer whose farm land is
subject to the jurisdiction of an Indian tribe and whose loan is
secured by one or more security instruments that are subject to the
jurisdiction of an Indian tribe.
 (2) For CLs, the guarantee will be issued at 80 percent; however,
the guarantee will be issued at 90 percent if:
 (i) The applicant is a qualified SDA farmer; or
 (ii) The applicant is a qualified beginning farmer.
 (c) CLP and PLP guarantees. All guarantees issued to CLP or PLP
lenders will not be less than 80 percent.
* * * * *


Sec. 762.130 [Amended]

0
6. In Sec. 762.130(a)(2)(ii) remove ``75'' and add ``80 or 90'' in its
place.

PART 764--DIRECT LOAN MAKING

0
7. The authority citation for part 764 continues to read as follows:

Authority: 5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.

Subpart E--Downpayment Loan Program

0
8. Revise Sec. 764.154(a)(3) to read as follows:


Sec. 764.154 Rates and terms.

(a) * * *
 (3) If the FO loan is part of a joint financing arrangement and the
amount of the Agency's loan does not exceed 50 percent of the total
amount financed, the interest rate charged will be the greater of the
following:
 (i) The Agency's Direct Farm Ownership rate, available in each
Agency office, minus 2 percent; or
 (ii) 2.5 percent.
* * * * *

0
9. Revise Sec. 764.203(b)(3) to read as follows:


Sec. 764.203 Limitations.

* * * * *
 (b) * * *
 (3) $667,000; subject to the direct FO dollar limit specified in 7
CFR 761.8(a)(1)(i).
* * * * *

Subpart G--Operating Loan Program

0
10. Revise Sec. 764.252 to read as follows:


Sec. 764.252 Eligibility requirements.

(a) The applicant must comply with the general eligibility
requirements established in Sec. 764.101.
 (b) The applicant and anyone who will sign the promissory note,
except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, must not have
received debt forgiveness from the Agency on any direct or guaranteed
loan.
 (c) The applicant and anyone who will sign the promissory note, may
receive direct OL loans to pay annual farm operating and family living
expenses, provided that the applicant

[[Page 78694]]

meets all other applicable requirements under this part, if the
applicant:
 (1) Received a write-down under section 353 of the Act;
 (2) Is current on payments under a confirmed reorganization plan
under Chapter 11, 12, or 13 of Title 11 of the United States Code; or
 (3) Received debt forgiveness on not more than one occasion after
April 4, 1996, resulting directly and primarily from a Presidentially-
designated emergency for the county or contiguous county in which the
applicant operates. Only applicants who were current on all existing
direct and guaranteed FLP loans prior to the beginning date of the
incidence period of a Presidentially-designated emergency and received
debt forgiveness on that debt within 3 years after the designation of
such emergency meet this exception.
 (d) In the case of an entity applicant, the entity must be:
 (1) Controlled by farmers engaged primarily and directly in farming
in the United States; and
 (2) Authorized to operate the farm in the State in which the farm
is located.
 (e) The applicant and anyone who will sign the promissory note, may
close an OL in no more than 7 calendar years, either as an individual
or as a member of an entity, except as provided in paragraphs (e)(1)
through (4) of this section. The years may be consecutive or
nonconsecutive, and there is no limit on the number of OLs closed in a
year. Microloans made to a beginning farmer or a veteran farmer are not
counted toward this limitation. Youth loans are not counted toward this
limitation. The following exceptions apply:
 (1) This limitation does not apply if the applicant and anyone who
will sign the promissory note is a beginning farmer.
 (2) This limitation does not apply if the applicant's land is
subject to the jurisdiction of an Indian tribe, the loan is secured by
one or more security instruments subject to the jurisdiction of an
Indian tribe, and commercial credit is generally not available to such
farm operations.
 (3) If the applicant, and anyone who will sign the promissory note,
has closed direct OL loans in 4 or more previous calendar years as of
April 4, 1996, the applicant is eligible to close OL loans in any 3
additional years after that date.
 (4) On a case-by-case basis, may be granted a one-time waiver of OL
term limits for a period of 2 years, not subject to administrative
appeal, if the applicant:
 (i) Has a financially viable operation;
 (ii) And in the case of an entity, the members holding the majority
interest, applied for commercial credit from at least two lenders and
were unable to obtain a commercial loan, including an Agency-guaranteed
loan; and
 (iii) Has successfully completed, or will complete within one year,
borrower training. Previous waivers to the borrower training
requirements are not applicable under this paragraph.

0
11. Add Sec. 764.254(a)(4) to read as follows:


Sec. 764.254 Rates and terms.

(a) * * *
 (4) The Agency's Direct ML OL interest rate on an ML to a beginning
farmer or veteran farmer is available in each Agency office. ML
borrowers in these groups have the option of choosing the ML OL
interest rate or the Direct OL interest rate in effect at the time of
approval, or if lower, the rate in effect at the time of closing.
* * * * *


Sec. 764.302 [Amended]

0
12. In Sec. 764.302, remove paragraph (d) and redesignate paragraphs
(e) through (f) as paragraphs (d) through (e).

PART 765--DIRECT LOAN SERVICING--REGULAR

0
13. The authority citation for part 765 continues to read as follows:

Authority: 5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.

Subpart F--Required Use and Operation of Agency Security

0
14. Revise Sec. 765.252(b)(1) to read as follows:


Sec. 765.252 Lease of security.

* * * * *
 (b) * * *
 (1) For FO loans made from December 23, 1985, to February 7, 2014,
and loans other than FO loans secured by real estate and made from
December 23, 1985, to November 1, 2013, the value of the mineral rights
must have been included in the original appraisal in order for the
Agency to obtain a security interest in any oil, gas, and other mineral
associated with the real estate security.
* * * * *

Signed on December 16, 2014.
Val Dolcini,
Administrator, Farm Service Agency.
[FR Doc. 2014-30172 Filed 12-30-14; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-05-P


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             201 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                              June 28, 2013 Friday

Loans help environment

SECTION: BUSINESS; NATIONAL; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 388 words


In March 2013, ASB launched New Zealand's first Rural Environmental Compliance
Loan, which provides a low cost funding option to assist farmers to get the
balance right between productivity and environmental sustainability.

The new product was targeted at farmers looking to invest on- farm to upgrade or
implement new environmental compliance systems. It is competitively priced at
ASB's cost of funding with no additional customer margin applied.

ASB recognises the farming sector is the driving force of the New Zealand
economy and that it is important that New Zealand's farmers get the balance
right between productivity and environmental sustainability.

"We have developed the Rural Environmental Compliance Loan in response to
feedback from our rural customers," says Mark Heer, ASB General Manager Rural.

"Farmers consistently tell us that they are doing their best to ensure that
their farms are operating to the highest environmental standards. However, the
reality is that there can be considerable costs associated with upgrading
systems, including the fencing of waterways, which are all part of operating an
environmentally- responsible farm.

"At the same time, local government regulations have been tightening around the
management of effluent, nitrate leaching and water usage on farms so farmers
must ensure they are compliant or risk fines. Farmers are facing all these
pressures while at the same time trying to focus on the productivity and
profitability of their business."

"In offering this loan, ASB wants to be part of the solution by providing
farmers with a low cost funding option to get their farm to where it needs to be
to remain compliant and profitable. This will make sure that New Zealand farmers
maintain their global advantage and maximise opportunities."

Loans are available to New Zealand farmers for environmental compliance purposes
up to a maximum of $200,000 and over a maximum five- year term.

In the three months since the initiative was launched, ASB has funded 100
projects with more currently in the planning stage.

For more information visit asb.co.nz/comply or call 0800 787 525.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Farming balance: ASB bank is providing farmers with the opportunity to gain
assistance to allow them to strike the right balance between productivity and
environmental sustainability.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             202 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Gazette (Sterling, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 21, 2011 Saturday

Agriculture news

BYLINE: Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 418 words


May 21--FSA DEADLINE    DATES ANNOUNCED

SPRINGFIELD -- Producers are reminded of several federal Department of
Agriculture Farm Service Agency deadlines.

On May 27, project area proposals for the Biomass Crop Assistance program are
due. May 31 is the final date to request a marketing assistance loan or loan
deficiency payment for 2010 crop cotton, feed grains, soybeans and minor
oilseeds; to request a nine-month loan for soybeans and corn; and to report
small grain acreages for counties in the southern half of Illinois.

June 1 is the final date to enroll in the 2011 Average Crop Revenue Election and
the Direct and Counter-Cyclical programs. July 15 is the final date to report
small grain acreages for counties in the northern half of Illinois. Producers
should contact their local county office for more information on the programs.

Assistance for    producers available

SPRINGFIELD -- Crop and livestock producers in states with severe damage from
flooding, wildfires and tornadoes are reminded that they may be eligible for
assistance through Farm Service Agency recovery programs.

Producers can go to www.fsa.usda.gov and click on Newsroom, then Fact Sheets,
for more information.

Commodity/LDP deadlines near

AMBOY -- May 31 is the final date to apply for a commodity loan or loan
deficiency program benefits on eligible 2010 crop corn and soybeans from the
Farm Service Agency.

The Commodity Loan Program and Loan Deficiency Program serve as financial
marketing tools to provide producers with operating cash to hold grain off the
market and benefit from future price increases. The loan program also provides
producers with leverage in repaying older operating loans financed at a higher
commercial interest rate. For more information, contact any FSA office. In Lee
County, call 815-857-3621.

DCP and ACRE sign-up ends June 1

AMBOY -- June 1 is the deadline for the Farm Service Agency's 2011 Average Crop
Revenue Election program and the Direct and Counter-Cyclical program.

Annual contracts must be signed to receive program benefits. Signatures of
producers receiving a share in DCP/ACRE payments are required by June 1. Visit
www.fsa.usda.gov for more information.

To see more of The Daily Gazette or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.saukvalley.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110521-YG-Agriculture-news-0521-20110521

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YG


                          Copyright 2011 Daily Gazette


                             203 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Farm Financial Woes Spread to Other Rural Businesses

                          September 4, 1985, Wednesday

By RICHARD RINGER

DATELINE: CHICAGO


Farming isn't the only business in rural America that is in financial trouble.
The number of nonfarm rural businesses experiencing financial difficulties is
growing - an indication the prolonged farm crisis has spread throughout rural
areas, according to a new report.

The report, published by the Kansas City Federal Reserve Bank, concludes that
there is no near-term end to the worsening of farm credit conditions.  Another
report, by the Chicago Federal Reserve Bank, reaches a similar conclusion.

The financial condition of nonfarm rural businesses has deteriorated
dramatically, according to the Kansas City Fed's report on a survey of 166
bankers in the Kansas City Federal Reserve District. The survey found 23% of the
rural nonfarm businesses in the district suffering severe financial problems -
slightly above the total reported six months ago and nearly double the
percentage of a year ago.

''The rate of nonfarm business closings in the first half of 1985 was about
three times higher than bankers considered normal,'' the report states.  It was
prepared by Mark Drabenstott, a research officer and economist at the Kansas
City Fed, and Kim Norris, a research associate.

The severity of the financial problems of nonfarm businesses varied thoughout
the Kansas City district, which includes all or parts of Colorado, Kansas,
Missouri, Nebraska, New Mexico, Oklahoma, and New Mexico. Missouri, where four
banks have failed so far this year, has been particularly hard hit, according to
the report. More than 30% of rural nonfarm businesses there have severe
financial problems.

For commercial bankers and other lenders looking for an end to the
five-year-long farm financial crisis, the findings in the reports by the Chicago
Fed and the Kansas City Fed on farm credit conditions are more bad news. The two
Fed districts include much of the agricultural area of the Midwest.

Once again, farm real estate values plunged in the second quarter of this year.
In the Kansas City district, farmland values averaged 6% lower than during the
first quarter of the year, 22% below a year ago, and 40% below the market highs
reached in 1981. Ranchland values declined by 7%.

In the Chicago district, which includes all or parts of Illinois, Iowa,
Wisconsin, Indiana, and Michigan, farmland values fell an average of 4.6% during
the second quarter of the year from the first quarter. Farmland values are down
20% from the year-ago level, and values have fallen 36% since the summer of
1981.

Highly Leveraged Farmers Hardest Hit

The decline in farmland values is particularly telling of the financial stress
on farmers because the decline reduces the equity of farmers and landowners.
Because their land is worth less, farmers aren't able to borrow as much.

Among those farmers hardest hit, wrote Gary L. Benjamin, the author of the
Chicago report, are the highly leveraged farmers who have struggled with
depressed earnings that have proven insufficient to meet their debt repayment
commitments.

The report on farm credit conditions in the Kansas City district also states
that farm loan interest rates fell an average of 40 basis points. The average
rate for operating loans in the Kansas City district is 13.37%. But the decline
in farm loan rates continues to lag behind the declines in other market interest
rates. ''With farm operating loan rates only 75 basis points less that yearend
rates, the spread between the prime rate and the farm rates has grown
substantially wider. High farm loan losses appear to be a partial explanation
for the divergence,'' the report states.

Loan repayment rates in the district were also slow. Of the bankers responding
to the survey, 55% said loan repayment rates were slower than a year ago.
Moreover, 70% of the bankers said they required more collateral for non-real
estate farm loans during the second quarter compared with the same quarter a
year ago.

''Although credit remains available for creditworthy borrowers, lenders continue
to be very selective in seeking new farm loan accounts. Only a third of the
agricultural bankers in the district sought new farm loan accounts in the second
quarter, the same proportion as in the previous quarter, which was the smallest
since 1980,'' according to the report.

Separately, the U.S. Agriculture Department reported that farm prices fell 3.2%
in August, the sixth consecutive monthly decline. With the August decline,
prices are 15% below the August 1984 level.

Prices for July were also revised downward to show a 1.6% drop instead of the
earlier 0.8% drop.

A now expected bumper harvest this fall will put added downward pressure on
prices.

SECTION: BACK PAGE; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 777 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                             204 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Two-Thirds of Iowa Farmers in Survey Were Denied Operating Loans for 1985

                           February 12, 1985, Tuesday

Andrea Bennett

DATELINE: CHICAGO


Two-thirds of the Iowa farmers responding to a state survey have been denied
operating loans for the coming year.

At least 1,200 out of 1,800 farmers replying to the survey conducted by the
state Department of Agriculture said they cannot get financing for the 1985 crop
year. All of Iowa's 113,000 farmers were invited to participate in the survey.

Those results come on top of preliminary findings by the American Bankers
Association that bankers will be denying operating loans to about 13% of their
farm customers this year. The trade association's figure is an informal result
from a January survey of about 2,800 bankers. Final results of the survey are
expected to be released shortly.

The farmers responding to the Iowa survey collectively held 640,000 acres for
which operating money has not yet been arranged.  They would need a total of $83
million in financing to put that land into operation.

Of the farmers who had been denied loans, 45% had been turned down by their
primary lender, typically a bank or a Production Credit Association. Of that
45%, roughly half then tried to line up financing with the Farmers Home
Administration. A further 22% of that group reported being turned down by the
FmHA.

The survey also showed that 43.4% of those responding to the survey said they
would be forced to sell land in the coming year. The average size of the parcel
expected to be sold was 212 acres.  The amount of money needed for these farmers
to keep their land was $98 million.

A spokesman for the Iowa Department of Agriculture said these findings may paint
a bleaker picture than actually exists in Iowa because farmers in trouble were
probably more likely to respond to the survey.

''Those people who responded are most likely those in the most desperate
shape,'' he said.

The purpose of the survey, which was conducted between Jan. 23 and Feb. 8, was
to find out how many farmers would not have enough money to plant crops this
year.  In announcing the survey Iowa Secretary of Agriculture Robert Lounsberry
said he feared the problem was ''very severe and growing.''

Mr. Lounsberry said he hoped the survey would generate emergency help for
farmers before spring planting. Results are being sent to the Iowa Legislature,
and a scientific study of credit conditions will be conducted in March.

In another farm-related survey, a poll of bankers in the upper Midwest found
that most had increased farm credit problems in the fourth quarter of 1984.
One-half of those surveyed by the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis in its
quarterly report on farm conditions expect farmers' ability to repay debts will
deteriorate further in early 1985.

Two-thirds of the bankers surveyed also said that farm debt was repaid at a
slower than normal rate during the fourth quarter of 1984. An equal number said
demand for extending or refinancing farm debt was above normal in the quarter.

But the bankers said they were not always able or willing to extend additional
credit to farmers.  An increasing number of bankers were referring more farmers
than usual to nonbank lenders.

The Fed study polled 95 rural bankers in Minnesota, Montana, North and South
Dakota, and northwestern Wisconsin.

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 536 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                             205 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 22, 2015 Tuesday

Farm Bureau survey seeks farmer feedback on USDA programs

LENGTH: 290  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Jackson: Growing Mississippi  has issued the following news release:



  The American Farm Bureau Federation is surveying farmers and ranchers about
their experiences with 10 USDA programs administered by three agencies.





 AFBF says the online survey will be used to develop recommendations on how USDA
can improve the programs and make them more useful to agricultural producers.

 All farmers and ranchers, not just Farm Bureau members, are encouraged to take
the survey, which takes about 10 minutes to complete, AFBF says.



 "Farmers and ranchers sometimes find it confusing and complex to participate in
USDA programs," AFBF President Bob Stallman said in a release. "At the same
time, USDA staff are concerned that farmers and ranchers who could benefit from
a number of different programs frequently do not apply."



 The survey focuses on the following USDA programs from the Farm Service Agency,
Natural Resources Conservation Service, and Rural Development:



 o           Environmental Quality Incentives Program;



 o           Conservation Stewardship Program;



 o           Conservation Reserve Program;



 o           Conservation Reserve Enhancement Program;



 o           Value-Added Agricultural Producer Grants;



 o           Rural Energy for America Program;



 o           Farmers' Marketing and Local Food Promotion Program;



 o           Direct Farm Ownership Loans;



 o           Direct Farm Operating Loans; and



 o           Guaranteed Farm Loans (farm operating and farm ownership).



 AFBF says it will share feedback from the survey about what is working well
with the programs and how they can be improved with USDA.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             206 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2016 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               December 13, 2016

                   WATTS FARMS FRESH PRODUCE HOLDINGS LIMITED

                                  SONDIX HOUSE
                                  SANDPIT ROAD
                                    DARTFORD
                                DARTFORD DA1 5BU


TRADE ADDRESS: Sondix House Sandpit Road, DARTFORD DA1 5BU

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01322 620999
FAX: 01322 620980
URL: www.wattsfarms.co.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 07845324

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: November 11, 2011
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 278

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name                 Turnover
No.
07829127        WATTS FARMS CATERING        15,391,06
                LIMITED                             2
06191865        WATTS FARMS PACKERS LIMITED 17,460,49
                                                    4
04731663        WATTS FARMS (SALES) LIMITED 32,737,67
                                                    1
-               -                                   -
-               -                                   -
-               -                                   -
-               -                                   -
-               -                                   -
-               -                                   -
-               -                                   -

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mrs Avril Marion Gray, Farmer
     ·    Mr Joseph Cottingham, Farm Manager
     ·    Mr Michael Berkeley Gray, Farmer
     ·    Dr Edward Gray, Company Director


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Activities of other holding companies n.e.c.
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated HCO

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
64209
01130 - Growing of fruit, nuts, beverage and spice crops

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: September 30, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: September 30

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  September 30, 2015
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Group
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  April 15, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  November 11, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  GUARANTEE

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           30/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            3,498,533 3,233,142 3,521,129
Intangible Assets                            320,000   480,000         -
Total Fixed Assets                         3,818,533 3,713,142 3,521,129
Stocks                                     1,328,242 1,182,085         -
Debtors                                    5,756,820 10,803,10         -
                                                             1
Cash                                         729,431   112,509     4,428
Miscellaneous Current Assets               1,046,557   614,315    97,681
Other Current Assets                       1,775,988   726,824   102,109
Total Current Assets                       8,861,050 12,712,01   102,109
                                                             0
Fixed Assets                               3,498,533 3,233,142 2,087,257
Intermediate Assets                                -         - 1,433,872
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               12,679,58 16,425,15 3,623,238
                                                   3         2



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           30/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                  4,958,451 9,238,007         -
Bank Overdraft                               154,032   222,583         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities          3,819,685 3,652,033   905,471
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                     214,724   216,738         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                  3,604,961 3,435,295   905,471
Short Term Loans                             368,756   439,321         -
Long Term Loans                            3,148,338 2,946,350         -
Long Term Bank Loan                        2,861,333 2,661,866         -
Other Long Term Finance                      287,005   284,484         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                  144,606         - 2,762,489
Total Current Liabilities                  8,932,168 13,112,62   905,471
                                                             3
Total Long Term Liabilities                3,292,944 2,946,350 2,762,489
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          12,225,11 16,058,97 3,667,960
                                                   2         3
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry               100       100       100
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                454,371   366,079    -44822
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                            454,471   366,179    -44722
Called Up Share Capital                          100       100       100
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 3,747,415 3,312,529 2,717,767


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   30/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales        32,626,17 28,617,81         -
                           4         7
Cost of Sales      28,653,45 25,562,80         -
                           1         8
Gross Profit       3,972,723 3,055,009         -
Operating Profit     697,093   519,861         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income    -101330    -77740         -
Interest Payable      94,823    74,994         -
Pretax Profit        500,940   367,127         -
Taxation             164,648    -11077         -
Profit After Tax     336,292   378,204         -
Dividends Payable    248,000   248,000         -
Retained Profits      88,292   130,204         -
Value Added        7,579,745 6,743,422         -
Capital Employed   3,747,415 3,312,529 2,717,767
Net Worth            134,471   -113821    -44722
Working Capital       -71118   -400613   -803362
Emp. Renumeration  6,397,325 5,877,022         -
Dir. Renumeration     88,007         0         -
Audit Fees            20,000    20,000         -
Non-audit Fees        59,544         -         -
Depreciation         485,327   346,539         -
Number of                278       255         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                               30/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                                                       5         4         3
                                                     GBP       GBP       GBP
Net Cashflow From Operating Activities         1,494,043 1,876,557         -
Net Cashflow From Return On Investment And       -444153   -400734         -
Servicing Of Finance
Net Cashflow Before Financing                    797,434 1,058,413         -
Net Cashflow From Financing                       -58553   -226632         -
Increase In Cash                                 738,881   831,781         -

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2 3 Years   5 Years
                    Years
                      GBP     GBP       GBP
Sales               14.01       -         -
Pretax              36.45       -         -
Total Assets        -22.8  249.95 99,999,99
                                          9
Current Assets     -30.29 8,578.0 99,999,99
                                3         9
Current            -31.88  886.47         -
Liabilities
Capital Employed    13.13   37.89 99,999,99
                                          9
Employee Wages       8.85       -         -
Number of            9.02       -         -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 1,098 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
01120 Growing of vegetables, horticultural
specialities and nursery products



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -.74     6.04    18.68
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -.68     3.87    10.92
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -.47     3.18     9.46
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              79.41   133.18   202.48
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       40.54    20.16        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .61     1.21     2.42
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            24,297.5 30,897.7 42,192.1
                                                          8        9
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  16,759.6 20,338.1 25,995.2
                                                          5        5        8
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  51,009.9 90,563.5 185,538.
                                                          4        3        2
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  39.12    22.78     12.3



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  9
=
Year -1  -
=
Year -2  2
=        3
Year -3  -
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                0/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)               13.37     11.08         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                          3.95      2.24         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)            110.22    100.26         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                           1.54      1.28         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                          257.31    174.23         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                            9.33      8.85         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                        -0.22      -1.4         -
Sales / Stocks                                     24.56     24.21         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )      64.4    137.79         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                0.99      0.97      0.11
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.84      0.88      0.11
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                       2,615.5  -2974.56         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.04      0.02     -0.01
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                  2,341.28  -2588.58         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                 15.92     16.96         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                        6.72     11.09         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees     23,011.9 23,047.15         -
(GBP)                                                  6
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                  19.61     20.54         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)       1,801.94  1,439.71         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)               117,360. 112,226.7         -
                                                       3
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees          13,479.9 12,990.31         -
                                                       1
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        12,584.6 12,678.99         -
                                                       5
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        45,610.0 64,412.36         -
                                                       1
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                     6.61      5.44         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                            23.23     23.56         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)         27,265.2 26,444.79         -
                                                       7
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                 1.18      1.15         -
Sales / Audit Fees                              1,631.31  1,430.89         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                         633.98    821.26         -
Creditors / Debtors                                 0.86      0.86         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                      -49.45     -8.45         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                           0.28      0.21         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 3,747,415

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: McBrides Accountants LLP

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2016


                             207 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2016 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                 June 30, 2016

                          CLOPTON PARK ESTATE LIMITED

                                  FARM OFFICE
                                  CHURCH FARM
                                    CROYDON
                                ROYSTON SG8 0DL


TRADE ADDRESS: FARM OFFICE CHURCH FARM CROYDON, ROYSTON SG8 0DL

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 07621557

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: May 4, 2011
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Robert Graeme Farrer, Farmer
     ·    Richard James Farrer, Farmer
     ·    Barbara Anne Farrer, Farmer


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Renting and operating of own or leased real estate
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68200

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: May 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: May 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  May 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Dormant
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  June 27, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  May 4, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  12,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/05/201 31/05/201 31/05/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               3         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         3         3
Other Current Assets                               3         3         3
Total Current Assets                               3         3         3
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                       3         3         3



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/05/201 31/05/201 31/05/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 3         3         3
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                  3         3         3
Called Up Share Capital                            3         3         3
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/05/201 31/05/201 31/05/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed           3         3         3
Net Worth                  3         3         3
Working Capital            3         3         3
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0      0      0
Current Assets          0      0      0
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      0      0
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 59,273 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
70200 Letting of own property



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     3.03    11.52
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0     2.14     6.41
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0    21.62    61.19
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               4.38     7.69    30.85
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       12.15        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .08       .6     2.26
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            27,864.5 79,369.5 161,438.
                                                          1        9        4
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,800 23,120.3 39,861.1
                                                                   7        1
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    70,000 168,352.  404,200
                                                                   9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  29.98     15.9     8.02



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  6
=        5
Year -1  6
=        5
Year -2  8
=        9
Year -3  2
=        7

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/05/201 31/05/201 31/05/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      1         1         1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2017


                             208 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   February 4, 1982, Thursday, Final Edition

U.S. Increasing Pressure to Collect on Delinquent Farm Loans

BYLINE: By Ward Sinclair, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A5

LENGTH: 845 words


County-level employes of the Farmers Home Administration have been put on notice
that their jobs may depend on how well they collect on delinquent operating
loans to farmers.

The pressure on FmHA employes is apparently part of a wider effort at the agency
to collect delinquent loans, which make up about 20 percent of the agency's
portfolio.

FmHA's campaign apparently is producing results. Unpublished data at the
Department of Agriculture indicate that through December 2,395 farm foreclosures
were "in process" and that 13,318 acceleration letters, warning farmers to pay
up or else, had been sent out.

USDA and FmHA officials have insisted that the lending agency is being lenient
with farmers, citing 1981 statistics that showed only 300 foreclosures out of
300,000 loans. Since November, however, FmHA has sent out 6,000 acceleration
letters.

Charles W. Shuman, FmHA administrator, denies that the aim is to force farmers
out of business, but he has threatened to withhold new loan money from states
with delinquency rates "higher than deemed appropriate." Each state has been
assigned a "goal" for cutting delinquencies. The goal averages about 23 percent.

FmHA, which holds 11 percent of all U.S. farm debt, provides year-to-year
operating loans to farmers who cannot get credit through commercial channels.

Secretary John R. Block, although refusing to put a moratorium on foreclosures
as some farm leaders had urged, announced two weeks ago that the department
would walk an extra mile to help farmers through "these cloudy times."

Falling farm prices, high interest rates and rising production costs have put
many FmHA borrowers under severe operating pressure, and the Department of
Agriculture insists that FmHA is making extraordinary efforts to help farmers in
debt to FmHA get new crop loans for 1982.

But Shuman and Frank Naylor, undersecretary of USDA for small community and
rural development, will be pressed to explain seeming discrepancies between FmHA
policy and promise when they appear today before a House Agriculture
subcommittee on rural credit.

Although less than 1 percent of FmHA's approximately 300,000 borrowers have what
Naylor last month called "even potentially a serious problem," concern over a
stiffening of the agency's attitude toward beleaguered farmers has rippled
through agriculture for months.

"There is no question that there's a squeeze at the top, and something has to
pop out at the bottom," said Rep. Byron Dorgan (D-N.D.), a member of the credit
subcommittee. "There is tremendous pressure to rein in those delinquencies . . .
. The word 'foreclosure' is irrelevant. How many forced liquidations will there
be? We're being given tranquilizers while they tighten the noose."

Dorgan said he was not mollified by assurances from Block and Naylor. He said
that a standard FmHA letter to delinquent farmers in North Dakota advises them
to cut back operations or to consider leaving farming. "The fact is," Dorgan
said, "the majority of these farmers are beset with interest and price problems
that have nothing to do with their management ability."

Part of the concern about FmHA policy stems from a document circulated by the
Center for Rural Affairs, a public interest organization in Nebraska, which
expanded data contained in a memo in which Shuman outlined the goals for
reducing each state's delinquent accounts by March 31.

The center's analysts concluded that an average national goal of 23 percent had
been set for delinquency elimination, although the figure varied from state to
state. Shuman's memo to state directors also warned of reductions in loan money
if the goals were not met.

Shuman acknowledged that less loan money would be available, but he insisted in
an interview that the "goal" is only a goal--not a "quota," as some farmers and
legislators suspect. "The English language tells me there is a tremendous
difference between goals and quotas," he said. "The goal has not been changed
and there is no reason to alter it."

He said the center's tabulation of national percentages was a distortion of his
agency's work. "I expect that in the political arena," he said, "but I am
appalled at the disservice this does to agriculture, what it does to producers."

The FmHA administrator denied that state and county officials are under new
pressure to eliminate delinquencies, either by foreclosure, forced or voluntary
liquidations or other methods short of debt repayment.

He conceded, however, that district-level personnel evaluation procedures leave
room for judging FmHA county employes' performance at least partly according to
the number of delinquent accounts they settle. Districts in Idaho, Montana, New
Mexico and Arizona, among others, are known to be using this system.

"Our state director warned last month that those delinquency reduction goals
were going to be met without fail," said an FmHA county supervisor in a
southwestern state. "They can call it what they like, but if we force a farmer
to stop operation the result is the same as foreclosing on him."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1982 The Washington Post


                             209 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2016 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                October 27, 2016

                           WIND FARM HOLDINGS LIMITED

                          BEAUFORT COURT EGG FARM LANE
                                OFF STSTION ROAD
                                 KINGS LANGLEY
                             King'S Langley WD4 8LR


TRADE ADDRESS: Beaufort Court Egg Farm Lane Off Ststion Road, King'S Langley WD4
8LR

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 04913482

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: September 26, 2003
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  THE RENEWABLES INFRASTRUCTURE GROUP (UK) LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  THE RENEWABLES INFRASTRUCTURE GROUP LTD



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name                       Turnover
No.
NI050663        LOUGH HILL WIND FARM LIMITED       1,362,00
                                                          0
NI043481        ALTAHULLION WIND FARM LIMITED      4,668,00
                                                          0
NI037835        LENDRUM'S BRIDGE (HOLDINGS)          35,000
                LIMITED
E0310117        MHB WIND FARMS (HOLDINGS) LIMITED         0
02924456        FORSS WIND FARM LIMITED.           1,508,00
                                                          0
-               -                                         -
-               -                                         -
-               -                                         -
-               -                                         -
-               -                                         -

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Richard Paul Russell, Finance Director
     ·    Mr Steven William Hughes, Generation & Asset Management Director


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    DOMINIC JAMESHEARTH


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: A group engaged the operational management of renewable
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Large unquoted company

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
74143 - General management consultancy activities

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: October 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: October 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  October 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Group
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  July 27, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  September 26, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  1,000,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/10/201 31/10/201 31/10/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            36,770,00 41,303,00 44,693,00
                                                   0         0         0
Intangible Assets                                  0         0         0
Total Fixed Assets                         36,770,00 41,303,00 44,693,00
                                                   0         0         0
Stocks                                        33,000   133,000   141,000
Debtors                                      201,000    85,000    36,000
Cash                                       7,118,000 1,584,000 13,926,00
                                                                       0
Miscellaneous Current Assets               1,307,000 2,009,000 1,692,000
Other Current Assets                       8,425,000 3,593,000 15,618,00
                                                                       0
Total Current Assets                       8,659,000 3,811,000 15,795,00
                                                                       0
Fixed Assets                               36,744,00 41,275,00 44,662,00
                                                   0         0         0
Intermediate Assets                           26,000    28,000    31,000
Due From Group, Non Current                        0         0         0
Due From Group, Current                            0         0         0
TOTAL ASSETS                               45,429,00 45,114,00 60,488,00
                                                   0         0         0



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/10/201 31/10/201 31/10/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                    267,000   268,000   316,000
Bank Overdraft                                     0         0         0
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities          12,145,00 7,477,000 11,438,00
                                                   0                   0
Bank Loans - Current Portion               3,631,000 3,353,000 3,072,000
Other Short Term Finance                   6,632,000 2,607,000 6,083,000
Due To Group, Current                      6,632,000 2,607,000 6,083,000
Due To Directors, Current                          0         0         0
Other Current Liabilities                  1,882,000 1,517,000 2,283,000
Short Term Loans                           10,263,00 5,960,000 9,155,000
                                                   0
Long Term Loans                            14,798,00 18,429,00 21,782,00
                                                   0         0         0
Long Term Bank Loan                        14,798,00 18,429,00 21,782,00
                                                   0         0         0
Other Long Term Finance                            0         0         0
Due To Group, Non Current                          0         0         0
Due To Directors, Non Current                      0         0         0
Other Long Term Liabilities                7,292,000 8,013,000 7,181,000
Total Current Liabilities                  12,412,00 7,745,000 11,754,00
                                                   0                   0
Total Long Term Liabilities                22,090,00 26,442,00 28,963,00
                                                   0         0         0
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          34,502,00 34,187,00 40,717,00
                                                   0         0         0
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry         5,739,000 5,673,000 5,871,000
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve              5,188,000 5,254,000 13,900,00
                                                                       0
Revaluation Reserve                                0         0         0
Shareholder Funds                          10,927,00 10,927,00 19,771,00
                                                   0         0         0
Called Up Share Capital                    5,800,000 5,800,000 5,800,000
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)            -61000   -127000    71,000
Contingent Liabilities                             0         0         0
NET ASSETS                                 33,017,00 37,369,00 48,734,00
                                                   0         0         0


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/10/201 31/10/201 31/10/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales        11,022,00 11,126,00 16,803,00
                           0         0         0
Cost of Sales      9,342,000 8,516,000 12,392,00
                                               0
Gross Profit       1,680,000 2,610,000 4,411,000
Operating Profit   1,535,000 2,546,000 4,303,000
Export             1,368,000 1,290,000 6,093,000
Nontrading Income     -57000   -773000 1,931,000
Interest Payable   1,898,000 2,005,000 2,983,000
Pretax Profit        -420000   -232000 3,251,000
Taxation             -355000   -351000   -335000
Profit After Tax      -65000   119,000 3,586,000
Dividends Payable          0 9,007,000 11,912,00
                                               0
Retained Profits      -65000  -8888000  -8326000
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed   33,017,00 37,369,00 48,734,00
                           0         0         0
Net Worth          10,927,00 10,927,00 19,771,00
                           0         0         0
Working Capital     -3753000  -3934000 4,041,000
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          0         0         0
Audit Fees            37,000    35,000    48,000
Non-audit Fees         2,000     3,000     6,000
Depreciation       4,278,000 4,320,000 6,300,000
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                               31/10/201 31/10/201 31/10/201
                                                       5         4         3
                                                     GBP       GBP       GBP
Net Cashflow From Operating Activities         6,692,000 5,982,000 11,152,00
                                                                           0
Net Cashflow From Return On Investment And      -1311000 -10792000  -2552000
Servicing Of Finance
Net Cashflow Before Financing                  5,151,000  -4913000 27,053,00
                                                                           0
Net Cashflow From Financing                      527,000  -6780000 -40924000
Increase In Cash                               5,678,000 -11693000 -13871000

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                  -1    -34      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            1    -25    -55
Current Assets        127    -45    -90
Current                60      6    -27
Liabilities
Capital Employed      -12    -32    -60
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 1,028 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
74143 General management consultancy activities



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   0.04    10.72    35.49
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       0.00     4.21    15.58
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              0.00     4.76    15.23
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              53.49   123.40   225.49
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       60.83    15.60     0.00
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   1.00     1.54     3.30
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            41,698.7 71,424.0 138,433.
                                                          0        0        6
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  35,203.3 55,857.1 91,093.7
                                                          9        5        5
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  92,192.3 171,774. 319,243.
                                                          1        1        9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  54.36    40.45    23.64



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  7
=        8
Year -1  7
=        7
Year -2  7
=        8
Year -3  8
=        3

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/10/201 31/10/201 31/10/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)               -1.27     -0.62      6.67
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                         -0.92     -0.51      5.37
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)             -3.84     -2.12     16.44
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                          -3.81     -2.09     19.35
Sales / Total Assets (%)                           24.26     24.66     27.78
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                            0.30      0.27      0.38
Export / Sales (%)                                 12.41     11.59     36.26
Working Capital / Sales (%)                       -34.05    -35.36     24.05
Sales / Stocks                                    334.00     83.65    119.17
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )      6.66      2.79      0.78
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                0.70      0.49      1.34
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.69      0.47      1.33
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                        229.35    223.20    156.48
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.24      0.24      0.33
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                    135.43    168.66    110.17
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                128.42    113.09     47.85
Current Liabilities / Stocks                      376.12     58.23     83.36
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                297.89    317.89    350.06
Total Assets / Audit Fees                       1,227.81  1,288.97  1,260.17
Creditors / Debtors                                 1.33      3.15      8.78
Total Debt / Working Capital                       -6.68     -6.20      7.66
Total Debt / Total Assets                           0.55      0.54      0.51

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 33,017,000

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Deloitte LLP

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2016


                             210 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Regional Country News

                             April 12, 2010 Monday
                                 Final Edition

The story behind "industry adjustment"

BYLINE: By Nathan Stevens Research and Policy Advisor Christian Farmers
Federation of Ontario

SECTION: Pg. 01

LENGTH: 412  words

DATELINE: ARTICLE


There are times when particular commodities within agriculture suffer from
extended periods of loss. It is easy for economists and government officials to
talk about the need for the market to adjust itself to new realities. However,
when the "adjustment" being made is to an individual farmer, perhaps without the
bank considering all aspects of the operation, that reality means a change in
livelihood.

Recently, I had a chance to hear the story of a red meat producer impacted by
his particular commodity's adjustment. The farmer impacted by the downsizing in
the marketplace has been a pork producer for the last 25 years. Trouble started
for the farm in 2006 due to a number of circumstances that impacted cash-flow.
This meant that when the market crashed in September of 2007, the farm's ability
to pay was already compromised. The farm operation was able to maintain payments
on two small loans throughout 2007 and 2008, but this good record did not
provide any credibility when the bank chose to call in the operating loan.
Leading up to the decision to call in the loan, the bank asked for a plan. The
farmer supplied it but it was not accepted because it had the potential of
taking too long for the bank to be repaid. Instead, the bank called in the
operating loan, which was secured by a swine herd seeing rapidly declining
value. To add salt to the wound, the first bank employee involved did not seem
to know the client was a pork producer, nor what the situation in the industry
was, while a second employee stuck to the rules and gave no leeway. The farm is
nearing the end of farm debt mediation and, well over half a year later, the
bank has still not received its money because of the length of the process. In
the farmer's view, had the original plan been followed, the situation would have
been resolved by now - with the bank happy, the farmer still farming and
possibly still dealing with the same bank. In the end, the producer's exit
strategy is basically the same but with an application for federal transition
money. The reality of this situation is that a farmer committed to his industry
was unable to get the support needed by the financial institution he had been
working with for years. Despite government backing and a demonstrated commitment
to the industry and his business, this farmer was denied the ability to continue
in his chosen business. The road of industry "adjustment" is built on
unfortunate, real-life situations such as these.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             211 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                             May 16, 2013 Thursday

Why Bankers Should Care About the Farm Bill

BYLINE: Victoria Finkle

SECTION: REGULATION & REFORM; Pg. 1 Vol. 178 No. 76

LENGTH: 1163  words


WASHINGTON - Lawmakers in both chambers are working to pass a major farm bill
that will determine agricultural policy for the next five years and have
significant

implications for rural lenders as well.

Dueling bills are now expected to move to the Senate and House floors soon. The
Senate Agriculture Committee voted in favor of its bill on Tuesday, while its
House counterpart was expected to approve its own measure by late Wednesday.
Both bills are massive and would cost almost $100 billion annually.

Banking industry representatives say the legislation is necessary to help
farmers make long-term business plans, an issue that affects banks that provide
them credit.

If legislation is passed, "banks can extend loans knowing the details of farm
policy, and farming customers can do some long-term planning," said Mark
Scanlan, senior vice president of agriculture and rural policy for the
Independent Community Bankers of America.

Lawmakers had been expected to pass a five-year farm bill last year, but efforts
fell apart after House leaders refused to bring the bill to a floor vote.
Congress temporarily extended many provisions from the 2008 farm bill as part of
a larger fiscal cliff deal, but those will expire soon.

Most analysts think Congress will be able to finalize a bill this year, but
major fights are looming.

One of the biggest to watch will be how Democrats and Republicans resolve
disagreements over cuts to the nation's food stamps program, which serves poor
families. While that debate is less central to the financial services industry,
it could prove one of the biggest hurdles to successful passage of any farm
bill.

"The big fight, the mother of all fights, is going to be on the nutrition
title," said John Blanchfield, senior vice president of agricultural and rural
banking at the American Bankers Association. "That will be the overriding,
heavy-duty dark cloud that has to be resolved."

But there are other key provisions that bankers are watching which could have a
large impact on agricultural lending. Below are the critical measures to watch:

Crop Insurance Expansion

One of the most important provisions in the bill for farmers and bankers alike
remains the federally subsidized crop insurance program. The House and Senate
bills both phase out a $5 billion direct payment system for farmers in lieu of
an expanded insurance program that protects farmers, and by extension their
lenders, from losses in the event of bad weather and other unforeseen
circumstances. The insurance premiums farmers pay are partially subsidized under
the program.

"Banks finance crop input costs" such as fertilizer and seeds "and in many cases
that can be a very big number," said Blanchfield. "Crop insurance ensures the
farmer and the banker that if something happens, the crop is insured and there's
a payment to cover those loses. It's an important part of a farmer's risk
management, and it helps the banker understand what will happen if it doesn't
rain, like last summer."

That makes the provisions for crop insurance "one of the most important elements
of the whole bill" to the farm lobby and community, said analyst Mark McMinimy
of Guggenheim Securities, which could help safeguard against cuts to the program
as the legislative process grinds forward. "That's where they and their
champions will stand and fight the longest and hardest."

Still, the provisions are likely to face some opposition, analysts said. The
Environmental Working Group and others have long been critical of the crop
insurance subsidies, especially this year when other programs like food stamps
are facing very steep reductions.

Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand, D-N.Y., a member of the Senate Agriculture panel,
offered but then withdrew an amendment during the committee's markup on Tuesday
that would have offset the food stamp program cuts with limits on crop insurance
reimbursements. She plans to bring the amendment up again on the floor, a
spokeswoman said.

"There's going to be some uncertainty about [crop insurance], in the sense that
some of this will be challenged on the floor of the House, and maybe in the
Senate as well," McMinimy said. "But ultimately I think the final bill will end
up looking a lot more like what the agriculture committees pass out than some
alternative."

Loan Guarantee Term Limits in Limbo

The Senate farm bill includes a provision to remove term limits on Farm Service
Agency guaranteed operating loans, a move strongly supported by bankers.

The loans, which are made by banks and largely guaranteed by FSA, are designed
to help struggling farmers who can't otherwise obtain a loan. Participants are
not allowed to take out one of these loans more than 15 times over the course of
their career, which some argue could last many decades.

Scanlan notes that 2,200 farmers have so far become ineligible for another loan
after the last waiver on term limits expired several years ago, and predicts
another 1,500 farmers could become ineligible by the end of next year if the
limits are not eliminated.

"Our view is that farmers and local bankers are in the best position to
determine whether a producer should take out a guaranteed loan," he said. "It's
a very efficient program. With less than $20 million, you leverage $1.5 billion
of operating loans. The subsidy is pennies on the dollar."

Still, the House bill does not contain any provision to remove or amend the term
limits, meaning the issue will most likely have to be worked out in conference
if both chambers pass a bill, observers said.

Status Quo for the Farm Credit System

Neither the House nor the Senate bill contains language granting any additional
authority to the Farm Credit System, a government-sponsored enterprise that
competes with banks on rural lending. But banking industry representatives said
they plan to keep a close eye on the bills to ensure no provisions are added as
legislation moves forward.

Blanchfield called the Farm Credit System lenders "fierce competitors" to some
banks, arguing that "they are advantaged in that they have GSE status, which
allows them to borrow more cheaply than banks, and they also pay a marginal
amount of taxes."

The ABA and ICBA wrote a joint letter to lawmakers last week reiterating their
concerns about the Federal Credit System being granted any additional authority.
The GSE has pushed in prior years to expand into new areas, including business
lending.

"The FCS currently has the authority to make loans to farm-related service
businesses that serve farmers and ranchers' on-farm operating needs. We would
oppose, for example, any effort to allow FCS to extend credit not only to
farmers, but also for the credit and related needs of 'businesses they rely on'
or similarly worded amendments," the trade groups' May 8 letter warned.
"Allowing FCS to extend credit to 'businesses' opens up a vast, new and
undefined lending category. Any business only tangentially-related to
agriculture would be eligible for FCS credit with this type of language."

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AMERICANBANKER_AB


                        Copyright 2013 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             212 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               November 23, 1992

Farm Credit System Continues to Improve

SECTION: FARM AND RURAL MORTGAGES; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 787 words

DATELINE: JERSEY CITY, N.J.


The Farm Credit System continues to strengthen, with improved earnings and
capital growth in the third quarter stimulated by an increasing net interest
margin.

"The buildup in System capital and the (Farm Credit) Banks' compliance with the
regulatory risk-weighted capital standard evidences the System's strengthened
financial position," noted James A. Brickley, president and chief of the Federal
Farm Credit Banks Funding Corp., which is based here.

Capital stock and surplus, which is at risk, increased during the first nine
months of 1992 by $ 822 million to $ 6.55 billion at Sept. 30.

At that time, "all Banks exceeded the 7% risk-weighted capital standard which is
required to be met on and after Jan. 1, 1993 under regulations of the Farm
Credit Administration," according to Mr. Brickley.  FCA is the System's
regulator.

Another encouraging development is the Farm Credit Banks and Associations Safety
and Soundness Act of 1992.

This legislation, which was supported by the System, provides mechanisms to
facilitate the repayment by System Banks of U.S. Treasury-guaranteed Financial
Assistance Corp. debt and related interest, including interest funded by the
Treasury on behalf of the System.

"These well-defined mechanisms also provide for the prefunding of certain of
these obligations which is possible by reason of the System's strengthened
financial condition," he said.

The new law also addresses various aspects of the System's organization and
operations.

For the third quarter and first nine months of 1992, the System reported
combined net income of $ 248 million and $ 729 million, respectively, as
compared with $ 201 million and $ 624 million for the same periods of 1991.

Pre-tax operating income (net interest income less net other expenses and merger
implementation costs) increased 32% to $ 296 million for the third quarter of
this year, compared with $ 225 million for the year-earlier period.

Pre-tax operating income increased 25% to $ 869 million for the first nine
months of 1992 compared with $ 697 million for the same period of the prior
year.

Net interest income increased $ 42 million to $ 434 million for the third
quarter of 1992 and increased $ 155 million to $ 1.303 billion for the nine
months ended Sept. 30, 1992, as compared with net interest income of $ 392
million and $ 1.248 billion for the same periods of the prior year.

The increase in net interest income was attributable to an increase in the
System's net interest margin to 2.84% for the first nine months of 1992 compared
with 2.54% for the corresponding period of the prior year.

The higher net interest margin resulted primarily from higher-cost debt being
replaced with lower-cost debt during the past year due to normal refinancings of
maturing debt, according to Mr. Brickley.

Also contributing to the increase in the third quarter 1992 earnings was a
decrease in net other expenses of $ 29 million to $ 1.38 million for the third
quarter of 1992, as compared with $ 167 million for the same period of the prior
year.

The most significant factor affecting this decrease was a $ 16 million reduction
of a loss allowance associated with the liquidation of certain assets of the
Federal Land Bank of Jackson held by System Banks.

Gross loan volume increased $ 909 million to $ 52.366 billion at Sept. 30, 1992
from $ 51.457 billion at Dec. 31, 1991.

The increase was due to a seasonal increase in short- and intermediate-term
loans and to an increase in loans made in connection with international
transactions for the benefit of cooperatives.

The gain was offset in part by a seasonal decrease in domestic loans to
cooperatives.

Long-term real estate loan volume (excluding loans to cooperatives) remained
relatively stable.

Nonperforming loans -- nonaccrual loans, accruing restructured loans, and
accruing loans 90 days or more past due -- were $ 3.132 billion at Sept. 30,
1992 compared with $ 3.753 billion at Dec. 31, 1991.

Nonperforming assets -- nonperforming loans and other property owned -- were $
3.521 billion at Sept. 30 of this year as compared with $ 4.164 billion at Dec.
31.

The allowance for loan losses rose slightly in the first nine months to $ 1.551
billion from $ 1.522 billion.

While the allowance for loan losses rose slightly in the first nine months to $
1.551 billion from $ 1.522 billion.

While the allowance for loan losses remained constant at 3.0% during the period,
the allowance as a percentage of two key loan categories improved during the
first nine months.

The allowance was 74.7% of nonaccrual loans and 49.5% of nonperforming loans at
the end of the third quarter, compared with 65.6% and 40.6%, respectively, at
the end of last year.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             213 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                               February 25, 2017

                            JARA FARM (PROPERTY) LTD

                                  GOTHAM FARM
                                     GOTHAM
                                   CRANBORNE
                               WIMBORNE BH21 5QY


TRADE ADDRESS: Gotham Farm Gotham Cranborne, WIMBORNE BH21 5QY

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 05204192

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: August 12, 2004
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  JARA FARMS LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  JARA FARMS LIMITED

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Martin James Price, Company Director


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    MrsLouise RebeccaLaraway, Accountant


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Other letting and operating of own or leased real estate
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68209

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  December 17, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  August 12, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  8,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                              659,705   360,000   360,000
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                           659,705   360,000   360,000
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                           2,648    10,857     2,641
Miscellaneous Current Assets                  67,342         0         0
Other Current Assets                          69,990    10,857     2,641
Total Current Assets                          69,990    10,857     2,641
Fixed Assets                                 659,705   360,000   360,000
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 729,695   370,857   362,641



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            117,516   100,377    77,099
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                    117,516   100,377    77,099
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -   285,000
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -   285,000
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -   285,000
Other Long Term Liabilities                  611,900   270,000         0
Total Current Liabilities                    117,516   100,377    77,099
Total Long Term Liabilities                  611,900   270,000   285,000
TOTAL LIABILITIES                            729,416   370,377   362,099
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry               100       100       100
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                    179       380       442
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                279       480       542
Called Up Share Capital                          100       100       100
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                   612,179   270,480   285,542


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed     612,179   270,480   285,542
Net Worth                279       480       542
Working Capital       -47526    -89520    -74458
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2 3 Years  5 Years
                    Years
                      GBP     GBP      GBP
Sales                   -       -        -
Pretax                  -       -        -
Total Assets        96.76  101.22   102.31
Current Assets     544.65 2,550.1 10,043.4
                                3        8
Current             17.07   52.42    -6.24
Liabilities
Capital Employed   126.33  114.39   160.12
Employee Wages          -       -        -
Number of               -       -        -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 59,273 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
70200 Letting of own property



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     3.03    11.52
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0     2.14     6.41
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0    21.62    61.19
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               4.38     7.69    30.85
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       12.15        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .08       .6     2.26
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            27,864.5 79,369.5 161,438.
                                                          1        9        4
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,800 23,120.3 39,861.1
                                                                   7        1
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    70,000 168,352.  404,200
                                                                   9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  29.98     15.9     8.02



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  3
=        2
Year -1  2
=        0
Year -2  4
=        5
Year -3  5
=        4

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                 0.6      0.11      0.03
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                   0.6      0.11      0.03
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         - 52,583.03
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      0         0         0
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         - 52,583.03
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -     -3.83
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -      0.79

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 612,179

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2017


                             214 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Reagan Farm Bill Offers Fiscal Austerity With a Reduced Role for Government;
 Proposal Charts Market-Oriented Route and a Shift to Guaranteed Lending

                           February 25, 1985, Monday

By BARTLETT NAYLOR and JAY ROSENSTEIN

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


As Congress knocked heads with the White House over emergency farm credit
measures Friday, the Reagan administration unveiled its farm bill, a long-term
proposal designed to reduce government involvement in the agriculture sector.

Fiscal austerity is the thrust of what President Reagan calls the Agriculture
Adjustment Act of 1985.

The proposed act differs starkly from the administration's short-term plan to
relax credit terms for farmers, which the White House presented Friday under
Senate pressure.

''We have been saddled far too long with brushfire-mentality farm policies which
attempt to deal with short-term problems without providing effective long-term
solutions,'' Agriculture Secretary John Block said in announcing the farm bill.

The proposal charts a market-oriented route for agriculture, Mr. Block said.

The bill would shift all Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) loans for new
borrowers from direct, to guaranteed, lending, beginning in October. Existing
direct operating loans would be phased out by the end of the decade.

In addition, so-called multiperil, all-risk crop insurance would substitute for
the FmHA emergency lending program.

The farm credit community has reacted skeptically to the proposal.

Representatives of the American Bankers Association (ABA), the industry's
largest trade group, welcomed the ''market orientation approach,'' provided ''it
is introduced gradually.''

Neal Conover, chairman of the First National Bank of Creston in Iowa, said: ''In
concept, we support what the government is doing in establishing a market
orientation, but there are too many changes in agriculture today without changes
in the law.''

Thomas Olson, president of Lisco State Bank in Nebraska, said he ''concurred''
with replacing the direct loan program with simple guarantees.

Meanwhile, efforts to generate quick credit in time for spring planting have
been of far more importance to the banking industry.

The ABA, for example, has just released a survey showing that 14% of banks'
agricultural customers will not be eligible to receive operating credit for the
coming season.

In addition, the survey shows it will take three to four months just to process
applications and win approvals for FmHA loans.

Relaxation of Credit Rules Sought

Among the proposals in the emergency plan being worked out between the White
House and the Senate is a relaxation of credit rules.

Specifically, a farm family's income would only have to match expenses in order
to qualify it for a federally guaranteed loan. Under current rules, income must
be 110% of anticipated expenses.

The level of guarantees is also expected to be greatly expanded, from the
present $650 million to $1.6 billion, or even $3.6 billion.

But there is also a provision requiring bankers to forgive 10% of the interest
or principal owed by a farmer, in exchange for the federal guarantee.

That provision is a source of frustration in the banking community. Lisco
State's Mr. Olson said bankers will be ''unwilling'' to ''use the forgiveness in
exchange for a writedown.''

''Quite frankly,'' he added, the emergency measures ''aren't going to make for a
much large utilization of the guaranteed loan program.'' Lisco State is a small
bank with 90% of its $8 million in loans in the farm sector.

Mr. Conover of the Creston Bank agreed with the ABA survey. ''Farmer's Home
offices that would process new loan offices are already swamped,'' he said.
''They may be unable to handle the onslaught of business.''

Mr. Conover's bank has a $30 million loan portfolio, half of which is in the
farm sector.

The Agriculture Adjustment Act is intended to replace a current law governing
allocation of federal credit, many provisions of which expire this October. If
no legislation is approved, though, price- and income-support programs will
remain in place.

The cost of the Reagan plan is half that of current agriculture supports,
according to Department of Agriculture officials.

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 665 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                             215 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 11, 2016 Monday

Washington: Filing a Notice of Loss

LENGTH: 743 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has
issued the following news release:





 The CCC-576, Notice of Loss, is used to report failed acreage and prevented
planting and may be completed by any producer with an interest in the crop.
Timely filing a Notice of Loss is required for all crops including grasses. For
losses on crops covered by the Non-Insured Crop Disaster Assistance Program
(NAP), you must file a CCC-576, Notice of Loss, in the FSA County Office within
15 days of the occurrence of the disaster or when losses become apparent.  If
filing for prevented planting, an acreage report and CCC-576 must be filed
within 15 calendar days of the final planting date for the crop.



 Beginning Farmer Loans



 FSA assists beginning farmers to finance agricultural enterprises. Under these
designated farm loan programs, FSA can provide financing to eligible applicants
through either direct or guaranteed loans. FSA defines a beginning farmer as a
person who:



     Has operated a farm for not more than 10 years

     Will materially and substantially participate in the operation of the farm

     Agrees to participate in a loan assessment, borrower training and financial
management program sponsored by FSA

     Does not own a farm in excess of 30 percent of the county's average size
farm.



 Additional program information, loan applications, and other materials are
available at your local USDA Service Center.  You may also visit
www.fsa.usda.gov.

 Loan Servicing



 There are options for Farm Service Agency loan customers during financial
stress. If you are a borrower who is unable to make payments on a loan, contact
your local FSA Farm Loan Manager to learn about the options available to you.

 FSA Interest Rates for April



 Farm Operating Loans - Direct = 2.25%

 Farm Ownership Loans - Regular = 3.50%

 Farm Ownership Loans - BF/SDA Down Payment = 1.50%

 Farm Ownership Loans - Joint Financing = 2.50%

 Emergency Loans - Actual Loss = 3.25%

 Facility Loans - 7 yr. = 1.625%

 Commodity - 9 month = 1.625%

 CRP Payment Limitation



 Payments and benefits received under the Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) are
subject to the following:

    - payment limitation by direct attribution

    - foreign person rule

    - average adjusted gross income (AGI) limitation



 The 2014 Farm Bill continued the $50,000 maximum CRP payment amount that can be
received annually, directly or indirectly, by each person or legal entity.  This
payment limitation includes all annual rental payments and incentive payments
(Sign-up Incentive Payments and Practice Incentive Payments).  Annual rental
payments are attributed (earned) in the fiscal year in which program performance
occurs.  Sign-up Incentive Payments (SIP) are attributed (earned) based on the
fiscal year in which the contract is approved, not the fiscal year the contract
is effective.  Practice Incentive Payments (PIP) are attributed (earned) based
on the fiscal year in which the cost-share documentation is completed and the
producer or technical service provider certifies performance of practice
completion to the county office.



 Such limitation on payments is controlled by direct attribution.



      Program payments made directly or indirectly to a person are combined with
the pro rata interest held in any legal entity that received payment, unless the
payments to the legal entity have been reduced by the pro rata share of the
person.

     Program payments made directly to a legal entity are attributed to those
persons that have a direct and indirect interest in the legal entity, unless the
payments to the legal entity have been reduced by the pro rata share of the
person.

     Payment attribution to a legal entity is tracked through four levels of
ownership.  If any part of the ownership interest at the fourth level is owned
by another legal entity, a reduction in payment will be applied to the payment
entity in the amount that represents the indirect interest of the fourth level
entity in the payment entity.   Essentially, all payments will be "attributed"
to a person's Social Security Number.  Given the current CRP annual rental rates
in many areas, it is important producers are aware of how CRP offered acreages
impact their $50,000 annual payment limitation.  Producers should contact their
local FSA office for additional information.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             216 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Sunderland Echo

                            January 24, 2014 Friday

Loan sharks forced kidney patient to grow drugs in his Sunderland home

LENGTH: 295  words


A KIDNEY patient was forced by loan sharks to keep a cannabis farm in his home
after falling deep into debt.

Darron Anderson let the criminals set up the drugs factory, which was capable of
producing a kilo every 12 weeks, in a bid to reduce the mounting sums he owed.

The 45-year-old, of Cairo Street, Hendon, who was visibly very unwell when he
appeared in the dock, pleaded guilty to allowing his premises to be used to
produce a class B drug.

Newcastle Crown Court heard he is suffering from chronic renal failure and has
to undergo dialysis three times per week.

He was forced to let the money lenders set up the farm when his debts grew to
almost £8,000. Prosecutor Kevin Wardlaw told the court: "The crown's case is, in
effect, he had fallen into financial difficulties and borrowed from loan sharks
and had basically acted under duress

"He had been told he would have to allow his premises to be used by other people
to cultivate the cannabis.

"The crown accept he himself was not operating this farm."

The court heard the prosecution authorities have information which backs up
Anderson's version of events. Judge Jeremy Freedman sentenced him to a community
order for 12 months with supervision.

The Judge told Anderson: "This case is very different to many offences of its
type.

"The circumstances in which you came to have these cannabis plants is somewhat
unusual.

"I am quite satisfied you didn't acquire them and were not operating the farm
but being imposed upon by those to whom you owed money and were given little
choice in the matter."

The farm was found after police received a tip-off and raided Anderson's home
last February. Mr Wardlaw said: "What was found was a cannabis farm consisting
of 26 plants.

"The potential yield was just over a kilo every 12 weeks."

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NPSE


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             217 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily News (Jacksonville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 20, 2006 Sunday

Farm loans now available

BYLINE: The Daily News, Jacksonville, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 7766 words


Aug. 20--KENANSVILLE -- Socially disadvantaged or minority farmers who want to
purchase or operate a family-size farm in 2006 can now receive help through the
North Carolina Farm Service Agency.

The FSA announced the availability of funds for loans to eligible farmers. Last
year, 12 percent of the money spent in the program statewide went to farmers in
Onslow, Duplin, Pender and New Hanover counties, according to a press release
from the FSA.

The SDA program provides farm operating and farm ownership loans. Direct loans
are made to applicants from FSA. Guaranteed loans are issued by lending
institutions, but typically 90-95 percent of the loan is guaranteed by FSA.

Loan applicants do not receive automatic approval. Applicants must meet certain
guidlines.

Contact Carlton Grady, FSA farm loan manager based in Duplin County at (910)
296-2193 for more information about the loan program. Grady covers the region
that includes Onslow County.

Copyright (c) 2006, The Daily News, Jacksonville, N.C. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060820-JN-0820-Farm-loans-now-available

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JN


                         Copyright 2006 The Daily News


                             218 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      April 8, 1983, Friday, Final Edition

U.S. Farm Unit Exhausts Operating-Loan Funds in 17 States

BYLINE: By Ward Sinclair, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A4

LENGTH: 412 words


The Farmers Home Administration has run out of operating-loan money in 17
states, raising the possibility that farmers in those areas will be unable to
finance their 1983 plantings unless the White House orders emergency remedies.

Department of Agriculture officials made the disclosure yesterday to a Senate
Appropriations subcommittee reviewing the USDA's fiscal 1984 budget proposals.

Undersecretary Frank W. Naylor Jr. and FmHA Administrator Charles W. Shuman
dropped the bombshell as subcommittee members, led by three Republicans, were
giving them a verbal going-over on farm loan, housing and rural electrification
issues.

Naylor declined to describe the loan situation as a crisis, but he said there
was no immediate solution to the money shortage for the 17 states that have
exhausted loan funds for the third quarter, which began last Friday.

The states are allotted FmHA loan money on a quarterly basis. Although Naylor
and Shuman acknowledged that fourth-quarter money remains in the coffers, they
insisted that it could not be advanced to carry the states through the crucial
spring high-demand period.

Naylor said that discussions were going on in the administration about the
situation, but said no decision has been made on how to deal with the shortfall.
Naylor and Shuman gave no indication of how many farmers might be denied loans
in the 17 states.

But Shuman said he expects an additional 12,000 or so farmers to be approved
nationally for 1983, with many of them, presumably, in the states where the
third-quarter money is gone. Shuman said that $1 billion of the $1.4 billion
operating loan fund has been committed for fiscal 1983.

Visibly disturbed, Sen. Thad Cochran (R-Miss.), the subcommittee chairman, told
the officials that Congress "assured farmers the current budget was sufficient
to service all of them. That is a commitment that has to be kept. We want some
action soon to be sure adequate money is available."

"What if you fail to get additional money for those 17 states?" he asked. "Are
you asking the Office of Management and Budget for a supplemental
appropriation?"

"We're having discussions now on the amount needed," Naylor said. "When the
administration completes its review, we will advise you."

The affected states are Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia, Illinois, Louisiana,
Mississippi, Montana, New Mexico, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma,
South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Washington and Wyoming.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1983 The Washington Post


                             219 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               February 24, 2017

                      CAMBRIDGE COURT CONSTRUCTION LIMITED

                                    THE FARM
                                     HOUSE
                                HEDLEY HILL FARM
                                 DURHAM DH7 9EX


TRADE ADDRESS: The Farm House Hedley Hill Farm, DURHAM DH7 9EX

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 08113405

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: June 20, 2012
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Michael Francis Hogan, Director
     ·    Mr Brian Manning, Director
     ·    Ms Janet Margaret Gill, Self Employed Sales Consultant


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Other letting and operating of own or leased real estate
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68209

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  February 18, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  June 20, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  16,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 30/06/201 30/06/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    - 1,013,307 1,013,307
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 - 1,013,307 1,013,307
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                          48,715    64,902     7,168
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0    21,493    25,383
Other Current Assets                          48,715    86,395    32,551
Total Current Assets                          48,715    86,395    32,551
Fixed Assets                                       - 1,013,307 1,013,307
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                  48,715 1,099,702 1,045,858



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 30/06/201 30/06/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities              1,910 1,048,379   998,532
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                      1,910 1,048,379   998,532
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                      1,910 1,048,379   998,532
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                              1,910 1,048,379   998,532
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry               100       100       100
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                 46,705    51,223    47,226
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                             46,805    51,323    47,326
Called Up Share Capital                          100       100       100
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                    46,805    51,323    47,326


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/201 30/06/201 30/06/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed      46,805    51,323    47,326
Net Worth             46,805    51,323    47,326
Working Capital       46,805   -961984   -965981
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets       -95.57 -95.34 -95.32
Current Assets     -43.61  49.66   77.2
Current            -99.82 -99.81 -99.81
Liabilities
Capital Employed     -8.8   -1.1  60.95
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 58,631 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
70209 Other letting of own property



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0        3    11.09
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0     2.14     6.18
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0    22.22    61.54
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               4.33     7.48    28.07
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       10.36        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .07       .6     2.26
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            34,120.6 83,053.1 162,422.
                                                          7        8        4
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  13,902.9 24,947.7 47,262.5
                                                          4
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    75,000 184,742.  404,200
                                                                   8
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  29.42    15.57     7.87



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  3
=        7
Year -1  3
=        7
Year -2  7
=        9
Year -3  9
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/12/201 30/06/201 30/06/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities               25.51      0.08      0.03
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                 25.51      0.08      0.03
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.96      0.05      0.05
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 46,805

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2017


                             220 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2016 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                August 30, 2016

                            MD & D MACANGUS LIMITED

                                      FARM
                                     HOUSE
                               FENDOM FARM FENDOM
                                 TAIN IV19 1PE


TRADE ADDRESS: FARM HOUSE FENDOM FARM FENDOM, TAIN IV19 1PE

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: SC430064

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: August 9, 2012
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Donald Macangus, Farmer
     ·    Murdo David Macangus, Project Engineer


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    DonaldMacangus


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Renting and operating of own or leased real estate
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68200

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  May 16, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  August 9, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  6,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/08/201 31/08/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                              186,822   186,949   185,394
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                           186,822   186,949   185,394
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                           2,539     1,481       839
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         0         0
Other Current Assets                           2,539     1,481       839
Total Current Assets                           2,539     1,481       839
Fixed Assets                                 186,822   186,949   185,394
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 189,361   188,430   186,233



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/08/201 31/08/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            176,145   163,575   160,900
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                    176,145   163,575   160,900
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                    3,200     9,400    19,800
Total Current Liabilities                    176,145   163,575   160,900
Total Long Term Liabilities                    3,200     9,400    19,800
TOTAL LIABILITIES                            179,345   172,975   180,700
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 2         2         2
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                 10,014    15,453     5,531
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                             10,016    15,455     5,533
Called Up Share Capital                            2         2         2
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                    13,216    24,855    25,333


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/08/201 31/08/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed      13,216    24,855    25,333
Net Worth             10,016    15,455     5,533
Working Capital      -173606   -162094   -160061
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets         0.49   1.68   1.09
Current Assets      71.44 202.62  49.79
Current              7.68   9.47  11.52
Liabilities
Capital Employed   -46.83 -47.83 -54.99
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 59,273 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
70200 Letting of own property



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     3.03    11.52
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0     2.14     6.41
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0    21.62    61.19
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               4.38     7.69    30.85
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       12.15        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .08       .6     2.26
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            27,864.5 79,369.5 161,438.
                                                          1        9        4
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,800 23,120.3 39,861.1
                                                                   7        1
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    70,000 168,352.  404,200
                                                                   9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  29.98     15.9     8.02



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  3
=        0
Year -1  3
=        0
Year -2  8
=        9
Year -3  5
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/08/201 31/08/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                0.01      0.01      0.01
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.01      0.01      0.01
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.05      0.08      0.03
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 13,216

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2017


                             221 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                           December 2, 2009 Wednesday

What Recession? Farm Lending Holding Up Well

BYLINE: Matthew Monks

SECTION: NATIONAL/GLOBAL; Pg. 2 Vol. 174 No. 215

LENGTH: 800  words


Banks that lend to farmers appear to be emerging from the recession relatively
unscathed, with the latest federal data showing that agriculture lending
continued to outperform most other segments of the banking industry in the third
quarter.

Profits were up while chargeoffs were flat for so-called agriculture banks, a
classification regulators give to lenders with at least 25% of their loan books
tied farm loans. Farm loan volumes rose slightly while most other lending
categories fell, including commercial and credit card loans, according to the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.

Agriculture lenders for the most part have stayed strong through the downturn,
and industry experts say things are looking good for them as the year winds
down. Corn and soybean producers are on track to deliver some of their largest
harvests ever thanks to a delayed frost and an unusually rainy growing season.
That means most crop growers should be able to pay back their operating loans.
Farm real estate prices have also held firm, even as other types of commercial
properties, such as offices and retail strips, remain stressed.

"Agriculture, in general, compared with the rest of the economy, is probably a
bright spot," said Dallas Kime, regional credit and agriculture lending manager
for TierOne Corp. of Lincoln, Neb. "We have seen very little delinquencies in
our agriculture portfolio."

He said farm lending in general has been up for a few reasons. Farm operating
loans - the annual credit lines farmers receive to buy seed and fertilizer -
have also swelled in recent years as a result of rising up-front costs, he said.
More farmers have also been taking advantage of favorable interest rates to
refinance their real estate loans.

"It's been a fairly active real estate market," he said. "We just haven't seen
the decrease in real estate values that some have anticipated."

Ross Waldrop, a senior banking analyst with the FDIC, said agriculture lending
isn't a sexy business, but it's steady. For instance, agriculture banks have had
a higher return on assets than banks classified by the FDIC as a credit card,
commercial, mortgage, or consumer lender, or international lender. ROA is a
ratio that indicates how efficiently a bank uses assets to generate profits.

The 1,578 agriculture banks tracked by the FDIC also had a lower level of net
chargeoffs as a percentage of total loans and leases than all those other
lending groups.

"Most of these other groups have all risen and fallen with the credit cycle -
the one exception has been ag banks," Waldrop said. "In the boom times, they are
probably a little on the lower end of the performance spectrum. But that is
still kind of the performance we're seeing now, which looks really good. It's
kind of a tortoise-and-hare comparison, if you suppose."

Agriculture lenders have outperformed their peers. Only three such banks have
failed this year, according to the FDIC. In contrast, 83 commercial lenders have
failed.

Agriculture banks posted third-quarter net income of $419 million, up 25% from
the prior quarter and down 1.2% from a year earlier, according to the FDIC's
quarterly banking profile report, released last week. Industrywide, farm loans
were $60 billion as of Sept. 30, up 2.9% from the prior quarter and 0.7% from a
year earlier.

While that loan growth appears modest, it is substantial compared with falling
volumes in other lending segments, such as commercial and industrial(down 15%
year over year) and construction and development, down nearly 20%.

"Farmers are making money this year in spite of what you might read in the
paper," said Keith Carlson, president of the TierOne subsidiary United Farm and
Ranch Management, which manages more than 400 farms in Nebraska. "It rained all
summer, so they are producing phenomenally. So the lenders are - they're very
eager to get a good loan out on the books with their company. There is an
ability to repay the loans."

Thatis not to saythe farm industry is without its problems, including
softlivestock pricesas a result of low demand. A slow economic recovery could
still hurt the agriculture sector.

Still, David Christensen, a banking consultant in Grand Island, Neb., said this
recession has been relatively pain-free for farm lenders. He said most farmers
and their banks learned their lesson during the great agriculture bust of the
1980s, which resembled the recent housing crisis in that farmers took out real
estate loans they couldnot service because they believed prices would keep
rising. Agriculture lenders stayed conservative during the credit boom earlier
this decade, he said.

"Banks are doing a better job underwriting - they know where the risks are at,"
Christensen said. "It's a healthier marketplace than maybe it has ever been. I
don't see any aggressive lending out there."

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com/

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AB


                        Copyright 2009 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             222 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Gazette (Sterling, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 15, 2012 Saturday

Farm Service Agency conservation loans available

BYLINE: Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 238 words


Dec. 15--SPRINGFIELD -- Funds are now available for Guaranteed Conservation
Loans through the Illinois Farm Service Agency.

Conservation loans allow farmers and ranchers to implement conservation
practices on their land that will help protect natural resources.

The loans are not limited to family size farms. Operators who may not normally
qualify for an FSA guaranteed farm operating or ownership loan could be eligible
for a Guaranteed Conservation Loan.

The loan limit is $1,302,000, and interest rates and terms will vary. The
maximum guarantee FSA can issue is 75 percent.

The loans are an alternative to help operators implement any Natural Resources
Conservation Service approved conservation practice.

A streamlined application process is available for applicants with a strong
financial position. The process reduces paperwork requirements and eliminates
the requirement to provide a cash flow statement and supplementary
documentation.

Interested applicants who do not already have a conservation plan approved by
the NRCS should work with their local NRCS staff to develop one.

As with other guarantees, lenders can reduce risk, increase liquidity and offer
lower rates by selling the guaranteed portion in the secondary market.

For more information, call a local FSA office.

___ (c)2012 the Daily Gazette (Sterling, Ill.) Visit the Daily Gazette
(Sterling, Ill.) at www.saukvalley.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121215-YG-Farm-Service-Agency-conservation-loans
-available-1215-20121215

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YG


                          Copyright 2012 Daily Gazette


                             223 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 29, 2017

                    HAWTHORNS PROPERTY DEVELOPMENTS LIMITED

                                    THE FARM
                                     HOUSE
                                HEDLEY HILL FARM
                                 DURHAM DH7 9EX


TRADE ADDRESS: The Farm House Hedley Hill Farm, DURHAM DH7 9EX

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 07982455

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: March 8, 2012
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Michael Francis Hogan, Director
     ·    Mr Brian Manning, Director
     ·    Ms Janet Margaret Gill, Self Employed Sales Consultant


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Other letting and operating of own or leased real estate
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68209

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  September 13, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  March 8, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  3,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -   685,545   685,545
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -   685,545   685,545
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                         181,598    33,517    12,156
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0       945         0
Other Current Assets                         181,598    34,462    12,156
Total Current Assets                         181,598    34,462    12,156
Fixed Assets                                       -   685,545   685,545
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 181,598   720,007   697,701



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -   414,000         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities             21,274   280,720   271,393
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                     21,274   280,720   271,393
Short Term Loans                                   -   414,000         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -   414,000
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -   414,000
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                     21,274   694,720   271,393
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -   414,000
TOTAL LIABILITIES                             21,274   694,720   685,393
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry             3,000     3,000     3,000
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                157,324    22,287     9,308
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                            160,324    25,287    12,308
Called Up Share Capital                        3,000     3,000     3,000
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                   160,324    25,287   426,308


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed     160,324    25,287   426,308
Net Worth            160,324    25,287    12,308
Working Capital      160,324   -660258   -259237
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets       -74.78 -73.97 -74.69
Current Assets     426.95 1,393. 470.79
                               9
Current            -96.94 -92.16 -92.87
Liabilities
Capital Employed   534.02 -62.39 -61.72
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 59,273 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
70200 Letting of own property



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     3.03    11.52
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0     2.14     6.41
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0    21.62    61.19
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               4.38     7.69    30.85
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       12.15        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .08       .6     2.26
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            27,864.5 79,369.5 161,438.
                                                          1        9        4
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,800 23,120.3 39,861.1
                                                                   7        1
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    70,000 168,352.  404,200
                                                                   9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  29.98     15.9     8.02



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  1
=        1
Year -1  1
=        9
Year -2  1
=        4
Year -3  9
=        0

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                8.54      0.05      0.04
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  8.54      0.05      0.04
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -   1,637.2  3,363.67
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.88      0.04      0.02
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -  3,363.67
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -     -0.63      -1.6
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -      0.57      0.59

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 160,324

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2017


                             224 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 27, 2017

                       DERWENTWATER DEVELOPMENTS LIMITED

                                    THE FARM
                                     HOUSE
                                HEDLEY HILL FARM
                                 DURHAM DH7 9EX


TRADE ADDRESS: The Farm House Hedley Hill Farm, DURHAM DH7 9EX

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01913735467

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 08158569

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: July 26, 2012
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Michael Francis Hogan, Director
     ·    Mr Brian Manning, Company Director
     ·    Ms Janet Margaret Gill, Self Employed Sales Consultant


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    MrPhilip SydneyCoates


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Other letting and operating of own or leased real estate
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68209

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: July 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: July 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  July 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  December 23, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  July 26, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  4,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/07/201 31/07/201 31/07/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    - 1,536,797   886,797
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 - 1,536,797   886,797
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                         695,425    20,583    18,404
Miscellaneous Current Assets                  12,106     7,287     8,216
Other Current Assets                         707,531    27,870    26,620
Total Current Assets                         707,531    27,870    26,620
Fixed Assets                                       - 1,536,797   886,797
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 707,531 1,564,667   913,417



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/07/201 31/07/201 31/07/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -   534,000         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            133,117   350,631   354,224
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                    133,117   350,631   354,224
Short Term Loans                                   -   534,000         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -   534,000
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -   534,000
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                    133,117   884,631   354,224
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -   534,000
TOTAL LIABILITIES                            133,117   884,631   888,224
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry               100       100       100
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                574,314    29,936    25,093
Revaluation Reserve                                -   650,000         -
Shareholder Funds                            574,414   680,036    25,193
Called Up Share Capital                          100       100       100
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         0         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                   574,414   680,036   559,193


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/07/201 31/07/201 31/07/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed     574,414   680,036   559,193
Net Worth            574,414   680,036    25,193
Working Capital      574,414   -856761   -327604
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts   2 Years 3 Years      5
                                    Years
                       GBP     GBP    GBP
Sales                    -       -      -
Pretax                   -       -      -
Total Assets        -54.78  -22.54 -22.21
Current Assets     2,438.6 2,557.8 3,015.
                         8       9      5
Current             -84.95  -62.42 -63.99
Liabilities
Capital Employed    -15.53    2.72   6.39
Employee Wages           -       -      -
Number of                -       -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 58,631 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
70209 Other letting of own property



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0        3    11.09
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0     2.14     6.18
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0    22.22    61.54
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               4.33     7.48    28.07
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       10.36        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .07       .6     2.26
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            34,120.6 83,053.1 162,422.
                                                          7        8        4
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  13,902.9 24,947.7 47,262.5
                                                          4
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    75,000 184,742.  404,200
                                                                   8
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  29.42    15.57     7.87



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  1
=        4
Year -1  1
=        9
Year -2  5
=        8
Year -3  3
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/07/201 31/07/201 31/07/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                5.32      0.03      0.08
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  5.32      0.03      0.08
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -     78.53  2,119.64
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.81      0.43      0.03
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -  2,119.64
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -     -0.62     -1.63
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -      0.34      0.58

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 574,414

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2017


                             225 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                 March 7, 2017

                                BIG60MILLION LTD

                                    145-157
                                 ST JOHN STREET
                                     LONDON
                                LONDON EC1V 4PW


TRADE ADDRESS: 145-157 St John Street, LONDON EC1V 4PW

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.big60million.co.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 08850128

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: January 17, 2014
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  LOW CARBON POWER SOLUTIONS LTD
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  LOW CARBON POWER SOLUTIONS LTD



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name                                Turnover
No.
09664423        COALVILLE B LEICESTERSHIRE SOLAR FARM        619,966
                C.I.C.
09382648        SOUTHAM SOLAR FARM BOND PLC                 1,033,27
                                                                   6
09382499        PADDOCK WOOD SOLAR FARM BOND PLC                   0
09382492        OVERTON SOLAR FARM BOND PLC                        0
09362692        ATHERSTONE SOLAR FARM BOND PLC                     0
09027454        WILLERSEY SOLAR FARM BOND PLC               1,033,27
                                                                   6
08981269        MILBORNE PORT SOLAR FARM LTD                       0
08980046        BOTWNNOG SOLAR FARM LTD                            0
08979473        LEICESTERSHIRE SOLAR FARM C.I.C.                   0
08977859        EASTWOOD SOLAR FARM LTD                            0

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Toddington Harper, Director
     ·    Mr Duncan Bott, Managing Director


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Activities of other holding companies n.e.c.
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Normal   Company acting as agents

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
64209

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Full Accounts
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  October 28, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  January 17, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  2,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201         -
                                                   5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                              112,016 3,880,000         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                           112,016 3,880,000         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -    31,818         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets               1,599,764   441,562         -
Other Current Assets                       1,599,764   473,380         -
Total Current Assets                       1,599,764   473,380         -
Fixed Assets                                       - 3,880,000         -
Intermediate Assets                          112,016         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                      993,100       100         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               1,711,780 4,353,380         -



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201         -
                                                   5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                  1,618,686   957,888         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            131,766   132,085         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                     112,016         -         -
Due To Group, Current                        112,016         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                     19,750   132,085         -
Short Term Loans                             112,016         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    - 4,000,020         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                - 4,000,020         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -    20,516         -
Total Current Liabilities                  1,750,452 1,089,973         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        - 4,020,536         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          1,750,452 5,110,509         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry               100       100         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                 -38772   -757229         -
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                             -38672   -757129         -
Called Up Share Capital                          100       100         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                    -38672 3,263,407         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/201 31/12/201  -
                           5         4
                         GBP       GBP GB
                                        P
Total Sales                -   371,703  -
Cost of Sales              -         0  -
Gross Profit               -   371,703  -
Operating Profit           -   -666617  -
Export                     -   314,525  -
Nontrading Income          -         0  -
Interest Payable           -    70,096  -
Pretax Profit              -   -736713  -
Taxation                   -    20,516  -
Profit After Tax           -   -757229  -
Dividends Payable          -         0  -
Retained Profits           -   -757229  -
Value Added                -   -546617  -
Capital Employed      -38672 3,263,407  -
Net Worth             -38672   -757129  -
Working Capital      -150688   -616593  -
Emp. Renumeration          -         -  -
Dir. Renumeration          -         0  -
Audit Fees                 -    18,000  -
Non-audit Fees             -     9,500  -
Depreciation               -   120,000  -
Number of                  -         -  -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                      31/12/201 31/12/201  -
                                                              5         4
                                                            GBP       GBP GB
                                                                           P
Net Cashflow From Operating Activities                        -   101,794  -
Net Cashflow From Return On Investment And Servicing          -    -70096  -
Of Finance
Net Cashflow Before Financing                                 -  -3968302  -
Net Cashflow From Financing                                   - 4,000,120  -
Increase In Cash                                              -    31,818  -

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets       -60.68      -      -
Current Assets     237.94      -      -
Current              60.6      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed   -101.1      -      -
                        9
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 6,246 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
74159 Management activities of other non financial
holding companies



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -1.66      .29    12.97
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -2.02        0     7.41
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                            -14.63     4.39    81.25
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                  0      .11    18.52
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       26.23        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .02      .87      2.9
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)             -510.58 28,506.6 50,448.1
                                                                   1        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  20,279.0 33,217.3   72,000
                                                          3        9
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                         0 42,572.6 164,128.
                                                                   3        9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  57.84    30.66    16.01



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  1
=        1
Year -1  1
=        1
Year -2  8
=
Year -3  -
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                    1/12/201 31/12/201 -
                                                           5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                       -    -22.57 -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                                 -    -16.92 -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                     -      97.3 -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                  -    -198.2 -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                   -      8.54 -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                                   -       0.1 -
Export / Sales (%)                                         -     84.62 -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                                -   -165.88 -
Sales / Stocks                                             -         - -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales ) x           -         - -
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    0.91      0.43 -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                      0.91      0.43 -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                           -289.66   -528.31 -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      -0.02     -0.17 -
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -   -528.31 -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                         -    -10.52 -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                               -         - -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)          -         - -
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                          -         - -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  -         - -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                          -         - -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                     -         - -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -         - -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -         - -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                            -    134.78 -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                    -   -147.06 -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    -         - -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                        -         - -
Sales / Audit Fees                                         -     20.65 -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                                  -    241.85 -
Creditors / Debtors                                        -         - -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -0.74     -6.49 -
Total Debt / Total Assets                               0.07      0.92 -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP -38672

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: WSM Advisors Ltd

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2017


                             226 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

The Danger of Refinancing

LENGTH: 669  words

DATELINE: New York



 Atlanta: Growing Georgia has issued the following news release:



   Source: by Gary Schnitkey

 Department of Agricultural and Consumer Economics University of Illinois



 Many farms have depleted working capital in the past several years. Now
operating loan balances may exist that cannot be paid down with this year's cash
returns from farming operations. Some farms may consider restructuring all or a
portion of their operating balances as longer-termed notes. Refinancing may
provide needed operating capital, but it also is a warning sign. If cash
shortfalls continue and operating note balances build again, refinancing may
lead to deeper problems in the future.





 Situation



 During the past several years, many farmers had cash incomes from operations
that were not large enough to cover all the financial obligations of the farm.
These financial obligations include paying income taxes, repaying debt,
purchasing capital items, and providing for family living. Because of cash
shortfalls, working capital has decreased over time. Working capital reductions
include decreases in cash and other short-term marketable securities balances,
reductions in grain inventory values, reductions in pre-paid expenses, and
increases in operating note balances. On some farms, operating note balances may
have become large so that they cannot be reduced with cash generated from
farming operations.



 At the same time, these same farms may have substantial equity positions.
Farmland may be un-mortgaged and debt-to-asset ratios may be low. Farms in this
situation could refinance their operating notes into longer-termed debt that is
secured by farmland. Other farmers could use machinery or other longer-termed
assets as collateral for a longer-termed loan.



 The primary danger in refinancing is not addressing the underlying problem: The
farm's operations are not generating enough funds to meet financial obligations.
If cash shortfalls continue to occur, operating balances will again increase and
the farm will erode its equity position over time.



 For a concrete example, take a 2,000-acre farm that has 200 owned acres and
1,800 cash rented farmland. The 200 owned acres currently are valued at $10,000
per acre and are not mortgaged. There is $2,000,000 of equity in owned farmland
which could be used to secure debt. This farm is projected to have $1,000,000 of
operating notes that will not remain at the end of 2016.



 High operating note balance has occurred because cash rents on the 1,800 acres
are too high. This farm could refinance this $1,000,000 taking a mortgage on the
owned farmland. However, if cash rents are not reduced and commodity prices
remain low, the farm will continue to generate cash shortfalls in the future. If
this situation continues, eventually all equity in the farm could be exhausted
and the operation would cease to be a viable entity.



 Remedying Cash Flow Shortfalls



 There are many reasons why a farm has cash shortfalls. Two of the more common
reasons are 1) high cash rents and 2) high family living withdrawals.



 High Cash Rents: Previous farmdoc daily articles discuss the need to reduce
cash rents and other non-land costs (farmdoc daily, July 26, 2016; August 16,
2016). For farms with already eroded working capital positions, budgets for cash
rents should be developed that use lower commodity prices that are likely for
2017:

 o$3.50 per bushel for corn

 o$9.00 per bushel for soybeans



 While below long-run prices, the above prices could persist for several years.
Costs should be cut such that the operation is sustainable at the above prices.



 High Family Living Withdrawals: Family living withdrawals increased from 2006
through 2012 due to higher levels of incomes during this period. Many farms also
added new, younger members to the operation. Budgeting to see if the farm
operation can support current levels of family living should be done.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             227 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 6, 2017 Friday

USDA: More Microloans Issued in Areas With More Beginning and Socially
Disadvantaged Farmers

LENGTH: 256  words

DATELINE: New York



 Jackson: Growing Mississippi has issued the following news release:



  In January 2013, USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA) launched the Direct Farm
Operating Microloan program to better serve the credit needs of small farms,
beginning farmers, farmers from socially disadvantaged groups (women and
minorities), and veterans.





 These loans (up to $50,000) are designed to be more convenient and accessible
to groups not traditionally served through FSA's credit programs.



 Although any farmer can apply for a Microloan, FSA reserves 70 percent of its
funds for beginning farmers, women, and minorities.



 Correspondingly, FSA distributed more Microloans in regions with larger shares
of farmers belonging to these groups, and in regions with smaller average farm
size.



 Between 2013 and 2015, the number of Microloans increased each year in every
region except for the Pacific, where the number of loans first dipped then
rebounded above its 2013 level.



 ERS analysis found that the number of Microloans received by borrowers who were
new to FSA direct loans substantially surpassed the number of new borrowers who
received Microloan-sized traditional Direct Operating Loans (DOLs) in 2010-12,
the three years preceding the introduction of the Microloans program.



 This difference suggests that the Microloan program likely attracted new
borrowers who would not have received traditional DOLs if Microloans hadn't
existed.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             228 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 6, 2017 Friday

USDA: More Microloans Issued in Areas With More Beginning and Socially
Disadvantaged Farmers

LENGTH: 256  words

DATELINE: New York



 Jackson: Growing Mississippi has issued the following news release:



  In January 2013, USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA) launched the Direct Farm
Operating Microloan program to better serve the credit needs of small farms,
beginning farmers, farmers from socially disadvantaged groups (women and
minorities), and veterans.





 These loans (up to $50,000) are designed to be more convenient and accessible
to groups not traditionally served through FSA's credit programs.



 Although any farmer can apply for a Microloan, FSA reserves 70 percent of its
funds for beginning farmers, women, and minorities.



 Correspondingly, FSA distributed more Microloans in regions with larger shares
of farmers belonging to these groups, and in regions with smaller average farm
size.



 Between 2013 and 2015, the number of Microloans increased each year in every
region except for the Pacific, where the number of loans first dipped then
rebounded above its 2013 level.



 ERS analysis found that the number of Microloans received by borrowers who were
new to FSA direct loans substantially surpassed the number of new borrowers who
received Microloan-sized traditional Direct Operating Loans (DOLs) in 2010-12,
the three years preceding the introduction of the Microloans program.



 This difference suggests that the Microloan program likely attracted new
borrowers who would not have received traditional DOLs if Microloans hadn't
existed.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             229 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 5, 2017 Thursday

USDA: More Microloans Issued in Areas With More Beginning and Socially
Disadvantaged Farmers

LENGTH: 256  words

DATELINE: New York



 Atlanta: Growing Georgia has issued the following news release:



  In January 2013, USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA) launched the Direct Farm
Operating Microloan program to better serve the credit needs of small farms,
beginning farmers, farmers from socially disadvantaged groups (women and
minorities), and veterans.





 These loans (up to $50,000) are designed to be more convenient and accessible
to groups not traditionally served through FSA's credit programs.



 Although any farmer can apply for a Microloan, FSA reserves 70 percent of its
funds for beginning farmers, women, and minorities.



 Correspondingly, FSA distributed more Microloans in regions with larger shares
of farmers belonging to these groups, and in regions with smaller average farm
size.



 Between 2013 and 2015, the number of Microloans increased each year in every
region except for the Pacific, where the number of loans first dipped then
rebounded above its 2013 level.



 ERS analysis found that the number of Microloans received by borrowers who were
new to FSA direct loans substantially surpassed the number of new borrowers who
received Microloan-sized traditional Direct Operating Loans (DOLs) in 2010-12,
the three years preceding the introduction of the Microloans program.



 This difference suggests that the Microloan program likely attracted new
borrowers who would not have received traditional DOLs if Microloans hadn't
existed.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             230 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                January 17, 2017

                         ELFWOOD INVESTMENT CO. LIMITED

                                  EASTON FARM
                                 WEST ALVINGTON
                                  KINGSBRIDGE
                              KINGSBRIDGE TQ7 3BD


TRADE ADDRESS: Easton Farm West Alvington, KINGSBRIDGE TQ7 3BD

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 00837854

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: February 16, 1965
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  EASTON FARM (KINGSBRIDGE) LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  EASTON FARM (KINGSBRIDGE) LIMITED

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Gerald Lawrence Philcox, Farmer
     ·    Mrs Jacqueline Yvette Philcox, Farmer


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Renting and operating of own or leased real estate
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68200

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Dormant
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  October 11, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  December 31, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  18,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                   50        50        50
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                50        50        50
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       -         -         -
Other Current Assets                               -         -         -
Total Current Assets                               -         -         -
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                               50        50        50
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                      50        50        50



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                50        50        50
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                 50        50        50
Called Up Share Capital                           50        50        50
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed          50        50        50
Net Worth                 50        50        50
Working Capital            -         -         -
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0      0      0
Current Assets          -      -      -
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      0      0
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 59,273 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
70200 Letting of own property



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     3.03    11.52
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0     2.14     6.41
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0    21.62    61.19
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               4.38     7.69    30.85
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       12.15        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .08       .6     2.26
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            27,864.5 79,369.5 161,438.
                                                          1        9        4
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,800 23,120.3 39,861.1
                                                                   7        1
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    70,000 168,352.  404,200
                                                                   9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  29.98     15.9     8.02



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  8
=        8
Year -1  8
=        8
Year -2  9
=        4
Year -3  9
=        4

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      1         1         1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Peter Di Giuseppe

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2017


                             231 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                               February 28, 2017

                          GUITING MANOR FARMS LIMITED

                              MAIN FARM BUILDINGS
                                WINCHCOMBE ROAD
                                 GUITING POWER
                              CHELTENHAM GL54 5UX


TRADE ADDRESS: Farm Office Main Farm Buildings, Guiting Pow, CHELTENHAM GL54 5UX

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01451850320
FAX: 01451-850064
URL: www.guitingmanorfarms.co.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 00571580

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: September 17, 1956
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Charles Henry Arkell, Chartered Surveyor
     ·    Nicholas John Bumford, Farm Manager
     ·    Mr Roger Hargreaves Smith, Consultant
     ·    Mr John Edward Callwood, Self Employed - Business Consu


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Mixed farming
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Normal   Company acting as agents

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
01500 - Hunting, trapping and game propagation including related service
activities
01400 - Agricultural and animal husbandry service activities, except veterinary
activities

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: April 30, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: April 30

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  April 30, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Full Accounts
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  February 22, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  December 11, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  81,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           30/04/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                              935,641 1,024,219   828,836
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                           935,641 1,024,219   828,836
Stocks                                       421,493   421,578   598,078
Debtors                                      234,790         -         -
Cash                                         163,721   286,616   142,842
Miscellaneous Current Assets                 111,071   498,697   475,678
Other Current Assets                         274,792   785,313   618,520
Total Current Assets                         931,075 1,206,891 1,216,598
Fixed Assets                                 935,582 1,024,160   828,777
Intermediate Assets                               59        59        59
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               1,866,716 2,231,110 2,045,434



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           30/04/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                     51,206         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            146,957   425,626   318,675
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                     126,089         -         -
Due To Group, Current                             80         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                     20,868   425,626   318,675
Short Term Loans                             126,089         -         -
Long Term Loans                               25,003         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                       25,003         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                  153,375   272,954   192,565
Total Current Liabilities                    198,163   425,626   318,675
Total Long Term Liabilities                  178,378   272,954   192,565
TOTAL LIABILITIES                            376,541   698,580   511,240
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry               650       650       650
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve              1,489,525 1,531,880 1,533,544
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                          1,490,175 1,532,530 1,534,194
Called Up Share Capital                          650       650       650
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 1,668,553 1,805,484 1,726,759


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   30/04/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales          725,347         -         -
Cost of Sales        246,642         -         -
Gross Profit         478,705         -         -
Operating Profit      -75423         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income      2,891         -         -
Interest Payable         100         -         -
Pretax Profit         -72632         -         -
Taxation              -30277         -         -
Profit After Tax      -42355         -         -
Dividends Payable          0         -         -
Retained Profits      -42355         -         -
Value Added          494,846         -         -
Capital Employed   1,668,553 1,805,484 1,726,759
Net Worth          1,490,175 1,532,530 1,534,194
Working Capital      732,912   781,265   897,923
Emp. Renumeration    283,052         -         -
Dir. Renumeration     90,157         -         -
Audit Fees             4,724         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation         287,217         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                               30/04/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                                                       6         5         4
                                                     GBP       GBP       GBP
Net Cashflow From Operating Activities            42,887         -         -
Net Cashflow From Return On Investment And             -         -         -
Servicing Of Finance
Net Cashflow Before Financing                     38,514         -         -
Net Cashflow From Financing                      -161408         -         -
Increase In Cash                                 -122894         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets       -16.33  -8.74   2.17
Current Assets     -22.85 -23.47 -12.68
Current            -53.44 -37.82 -46.48
Liabilities
Capital Employed    -7.58  -3.37  14.54
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 3,013 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
01300 Growing of crops combined with farming of
animals (mixed farming)



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -.98     3.01    12.04
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -.94     2.22     8.47
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -2.08     7.69    21.35
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               8.93    31.41    73.33
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        28.3        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                     .5     1.12     2.98
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -        -        -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  16,517.8 22,101.1 26,218.1
                                                          6        9        4
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  36,428.5 86,421.8 193,261.
                                                          7        8        9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  34.43    19.81    13.56



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  95
=
Year -1  97
=
Year -2  85
=
Year -3  10
=         0

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                0/04/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)               -4.35         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                         -3.89         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)             -4.87         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                         -10.01         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                           38.86         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                            0.78         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                       101.04         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                      1.72         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )    118.15         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                 4.7      2.84      3.82
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  2.57      1.85      1.94
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                         10.14         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                    0.8      0.69      0.75
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                      1.68         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                 -0.14         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                        0.47      1.01      0.53
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                  39.02         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                   -14.68         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                            68.22         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                 1.75         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                153.55         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                         395.16         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                 0.22         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                        0.21         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                           0.08         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 1,668,553

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: ReesRussell LLP

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2017


                             232 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                         GlobalData - Company Overview

                               February 21, 2017

                         1st Farm Credit Services Flca

                              2000 Jacobssen Drive
                                  Normal 61761
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *


   1st Farm Credit Services Flca (1st Farm Credit) is a financial services
company that offers agricultural lending services. The company provides products
and services through the divisions agricultural loans and leases, crop
insurance, home loans, and agribusiness. It offers agriculture loans and leases,
rural home loans and crop insurance. 1st Farm Credit's agriculture loan products
include recreational land loans, farm real estate loans, swine industry loans,
operating loans, building and equipment loans, and on-site equipment financing.
The company also provides home loans including rural home loans, construction
loans, conventional loans, and recreational land loans. It provides loans and
insurance services to farmers and those who invest in rural America. The company
operates through its branches offices located in Aledo, Bourbonnais, Edwards,
Freeport, Geneseo, Macomb, Monmouth, Morton, Naperville, Sycamore, and others.
1st Farm Credit is headquartered in Normal, Illinois, the US.


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Financial Ratios
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect .

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2017


                             233 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 June 22, 1992

FCA Starts Secondary Market Oversight

SECTION: FARM & RURAL MORTGAGES; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 334 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Farm Credit Administration has formally established a new Office of
Secondary Market Oversight to regulate the Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp.

William Robertson, an FCA employee since 1989 who previously served as deputy
Comptroller of the Currency and as director of the Office of Regulatory Police,
Oversight and Supervision at the Federal Home Loan Bank Board, has been named
acting director.

Farmer Mac will be assessed to cover the costs associated with regulating the
secondary market.

FCA has estimated that it will assess Farmer Mac $ 270,000 for fiscal 1992.

It originally had proposed $ 644,000 for 1993 but the sleep increase rankled
Farmer Mac supporters.

FCA is expected to reduce the proposed assessment to $ 552,000.

Farmer Mac is a government-sponsored enterprise established by the 1987
Agricultural Credit Act to aid in the development of a secondary market for
agricultural real estate and rural housing loans.

It also has been given authority to facilitate a secondary market for the
guaranteed portion of Farmers Home Administration farm ownership and operating
loans that are originated by commercial lenders.

Meanwhile, FCA has announced that Gary Byrne has replaced Billy Ross Brown as
chairman of the Farm Credit System Insurance Corp.

Mr. Brown remains on the unit's board.

FCSIC, which was created to support the Farm Credit System, has $ 415 million in
assets as of March 31.

It relies on FCA, which is the regulator of the System, for much of its
administrative, examination and legal support.

FCA also plans to streamline its operations by eliminating 30 positions and
hiring a new chief operating officer.

The plan comes in response to a management study done by the consulting firm of
Riso and Dempsey.

FCA chairman Harold Steels said the agency's streamlining plan will save an
estimated $ 1.4 million next fiscal year.

The consultants also recommended that FCA study its technology to determine if
it is making good use of its computers.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, GARY BYRNE

                   Copyright 1992 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             234 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2016 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               December 21, 2016

                       INFINIS WIND DEVELOPMENT 2 LIMITED

                                  FIRST FLOOR
                               500 PAVILION DRIVE
                           NORTHAMPTON BUSINESS PARK
                              NORTHAMPTON NN4 7YJ


TRADE ADDRESS: First Floor 500 Pavilion Drive Northampton Business Park,
NORTHAMPTON NN4 7YJ

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 05199126

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: August 6, 2004
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  INFINIS WIND DEVELOPMENT HOLDINGS LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  INFINIS HOLDINGS



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name                         Turnover
No.
09129392        A'CHRUACH EXTENSION WIND FARM        1,169,88
                LIMITED                                     6
08935491        BULLAMOOR EXTENSION WIND FARM               0
                LIMITED
08774247        LINDLEY MOOR WIND FARM LIMITED              0
08071739        MUSDALE WIND FARM LIMITED            1,169,88
                                                            6
08017285        A'CHRUACH PHASE 2 WIND FARM LIMITED         0
08017279        CUMMINGS HILL WIND FARM LIMITED       196,398
07981853        WINDY EDGE WIND FARM LIMITED          487,452
07753167        TIBBERCHINDY WIND FARM LIMITED       1,267,37
                                                            6
07667230        SISTERS WIND FARM LIMITED             487,452
07084949        HILL OF FISHRIE WIND FARM LIMITED           0

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Steven Neville Hardman, Solicitor
     ·    Dr Eric Philippe Marianne Machiels, Director
     ·    Steven Neville Hardman, Solicitor
     ·    Simon Murray Heyes, Director
     ·    Thomas Edward Hinton, Chief Finance Officer


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Activities of other holding companies n.e.c.
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Normal   Company acting as agents

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
64209

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Full Accounts
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  December 2, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  July 31, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  972,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                               56,000   122,000   196,000
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                            56,000   122,000   196,000
Stocks                                     1,056,000 3,295,000 3,065,000
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets               39,348,00 36,570,00 22,845,00
                                                   0         0         0
Other Current Assets                       39,348,00 36,570,00 22,845,00
                                                   0         0         0
Total Current Assets                       40,404,00 39,865,00 25,910,00
                                                   0         0         0
Fixed Assets                                       -    66,000   140,000
Intermediate Assets                           56,000    56,000    56,000
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                    38,501,00 36,488,00 22,833,00
                                                   0         0         0
TOTAL ASSETS                               40,460,00 39,987,00 26,106,00
                                                   0         0         0



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities          9,819,000 8,446,000 8,145,000
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                   9,816,000 8,415,000 7,863,000
Due To Group, Current                      9,816,000 8,415,000 7,863,000
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                      3,000    31,000   282,000
Short Term Loans                           9,816,000 8,415,000 7,863,000
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                  9,819,000 8,446,000 8,145,000
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          9,819,000 8,446,000 8,145,000
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry         2,209,000 2,209,000 2,209,000
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve              28,432,00 29,332,00 15,752,00
                                                   0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                          30,641,00 31,541,00 17,961,00
                                                   0         0         0
Called Up Share Capital                    2,209,000 2,209,000 2,209,000
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 30,641,00 31,541,00 17,961,00
                                                   0         0         0


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit        -2202000         -         -
Operating Profit    -3962000    20,000  -1382000
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income  2,296,000 13,524,00   673,000
                                     0
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit       -1666000 13,544,00   -709000
                                     0
Taxation             -766000    -36000    19,000
Profit After Tax     -900000 13,580,00   -728000
                                     0
Dividends Payable          0         0         0
Retained Profits     -900000 13,580,00   -728000
                                     0
Value Added         -3962000   111,000  -1364000
Capital Employed   30,641,00 31,541,00 17,961,00
                           0         0         0
Net Worth          30,641,00 31,541,00 17,961,00
                           0         0         0
Working Capital    30,585,00 31,419,00 17,765,00
                           0         0         0
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          0         0         0
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -    91,000    18,000
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax             -112.3 134.98 -109.9
                                      6
Total Assets         1.18  54.98  90.81
Current Assets       1.35  55.94 113.78
Current             16.26  20.55 290.42
Liabilities
Capital Employed    -2.85   70.6  63.95
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 6,246 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
74159 Management activities of other non financial
holding companies



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -1.66      .29    12.97
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -2.02        0     7.41
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                            -14.63     4.39    81.25
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                  0      .11    18.52
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       26.23        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .02      .87      2.9
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)             -510.58 28,506.6 50,448.1
                                                                   1        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  20,279.0 33,217.3   72,000
                                                          3        9
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                         0 42,572.6 164,128.
                                                                   3        9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  57.84    30.66    16.01



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  10
=         0
Year -1  97
=
Year -2  80
=
Year -3  72
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)               -5.44     42.94     -3.95
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                         -4.12     33.87     -2.72
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)             -5.44     42.94     -3.95
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                4.11      4.72      3.18
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  4.01      4.33       2.8
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                         32.04     26.68     43.78
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.76      0.79      0.69
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                         9.3      2.56      2.66
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                    42.05  12,201.8     51.98
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                        0.32      0.27      0.44
Total Debt / Total Assets                           0.24      0.21       0.3

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 30,641,000

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: KPMG LLP

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2017


                             235 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2016 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               December 21, 2016

                       INFINIS WIND DEVELOPMENT 1 LIMITED

                                FIRST FLOOR 500
                                 PAVILION DRIVE
                           NORTHAMPTON BUSINESS PARK
                              NORTHAMPTON NN4 7YJ


TRADE ADDRESS: First Floor 500 Pavilion Drive Northampton Business Park,
NORTHAMPTON NN4 7YJ

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 08111071

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: June 19, 2012
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  INFINIS WIND DEVELOPMENT HOLDINGS LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  INFINIS HOLDINGS



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name                           Turnover
No.
SC265247        SCOTTISH BIOFUEL LIMITED                  2,000
SC237229        SCOTTISH BIOPOWER LIMITED                     0
08800994        MYNYDD Y GLYN WIND FARM LIMITED               0
08800992        NANT-YR-AST WIND FARM LIMITED                 0
08642309        MYNYDD PEN-Y-GRAIG WIND FARM LIMITED          0
08454778        GLENKERIE EXTENSION WIND FARM LIMITED  1,169,88
                                                              6
08454770        MELIN COURT WIND FARM LIMITED                 0
08290096        HOLBEACH ST MARKS WIND FARM LIMITED           0
08219074        GALAWHISTLE EXTENSION WIND FARM         487,452
                LIMITED
08062722        STONY HILL WIND FARM LIMITED            199,930

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Steven Neville Hardman, Solicitor
     ·    Dr Eric Philippe Marianne Machiels, Director
     ·    Simon Murray Heyes, Director
     ·    Thomas Edward Hinton, Chief Finance Officer


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Other business support service activities n.e.c.
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Normal   Company acting as agents

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
82990

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Full Accounts
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  December 2, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  April 30, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  607,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                              246,000   197,000   241,000
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                           246,000   197,000   241,000
Stocks                                       649,000 3,339,000 18,387,00
                                                                       0
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets               35,722,00 34,005,00 10,694,00
                                                   0         0         0
Other Current Assets                       35,722,00 34,005,00 10,694,00
                                                   0         0         0
Total Current Assets                       36,371,00 37,344,00 29,081,00
                                                   0         0         0
Fixed Assets                                 246,000   197,000   241,000
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                    34,916,00 31,594,00 10,308,00
                                                   0         0         0
TOTAL ASSETS                               36,617,00 37,541,00 29,322,00
                                                   0         0         0



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities          33,657,00 31,307,00 28,771,00
                                                   0         0         0
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                   33,593,00 31,060,00 28,670,00
                                                   0         0         0
Due To Group, Current                      33,593,00 31,060,00 28,670,00
                                                   0         0         0
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                     64,000   247,000   101,000
Short Term Loans                           33,593,00 31,060,00 28,670,00
                                                   0         0         0
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                  724,000   724,000   724,000
Total Current Liabilities                  33,657,00 31,307,00 28,771,00
                                                   0         0         0
Total Long Term Liabilities                  724,000   724,000   724,000
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          34,381,00 32,031,00 29,495,00
                                                   0         0         0
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve              2,236,000 5,510,000   -173000
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                          2,236,000 5,510,000   -173000
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 2,960,000 6,234,000   551,000


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                - 5,500,000         -
Cost of Sales              - 15,400,00         -
                                     0
Gross Profit        -2761000  -9900000         -
Operating Profit    -3490000 3,950,000   -193000
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          0         0         0
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit       -4080000 3,306,000   -458000
Taxation             -806000  -2377000   -285000
Profit After Tax    -3274000 5,683,000   -173000
Dividends Payable          0         0         0
Retained Profits    -3274000 5,683,000   -173000
Value Added         -3393000 3,994,000   -167000
Capital Employed   2,960,000 6,234,000   551,000
Net Worth          2,236,000 5,510,000   -173000
Working Capital    2,714,000 6,037,000   310,000
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          0         0         0
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation          97,000    44,000    26,000
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3   5 Years
                    Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP       GBP
Sales                   -      -         -
Pretax             -223.4 790.83         -
                        1
Total Assets        -2.46  24.88 99,999,99
                                         9
Current Assets      -2.61  25.07 99,999,99
                                         9
Current              7.51  16.98         -
Liabilities
Capital Employed   -52.52 437.21 99,999,99
                                         9
Employee Wages          -      -         -
Number of               -      -         -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 178,145 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
74849 Other business activities not elsewhere classified



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     9.23    54.84
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0      1.9    32.63
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0      .98    27.13
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              50.95   143.84   367.16
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       26.26        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .79     1.13     2.24
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            28,637.6 53,888.3 72,276.9
                                                          7        2
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  16,835.7 26,753.2 39,868.1
                                                          2        1        3
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  31,518.2 84,193.5 186,740.
                                                          9        5        9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  47.63    27.94    18.75



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  9
=        9
Year -1  9
=        6
Year -2  7
=        9
Year -3  1
=        0

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)             -137.84     53.03    -83.12
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                        -11.14      8.81     -1.56
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)           -182.47        60    264.74
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -     60.11         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -     14.65         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -     27.92         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -    109.76         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -      1.65         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.08      1.19      1.01
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  1.06      1.09      0.37
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                      1,502.37     563.7  -16572.2
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.06      0.15     -0.01
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                -16.91      16.3   -137.31
Current Liabilities / Stocks                       51.86      9.38      1.56
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                   120.25     82.77    274.25
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -     72.62         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                       12.38      5.14     92.48
Total Debt / Total Assets                           0.92      0.83      0.98

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 2,960,000

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: KPMG LLP

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2017


                             236 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               March 12, 1986, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

White House Releases Funds for Farm Loans

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 18, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 147 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, March 11


President Reagan today authorized the release of emergency funds and approved
other bookkeeping actions, allowing the transfer of $750 million so the
Government can keep up with the demand for farm operating loans this spring, a
White House spokesman said.

Albert R. Brashear, Deputy Press Secretary, said Mr. Reagan took the action
after , after he met this afternoon with his Economic Policy Council. The funds
would help the Farmers Home Administration meet the demand for operating loans.

''We think it will get us through,'' the spokesman said, although he noted the
funds available this year are only a fraction of what was transferred last year
before the 1985 farm bill put a $1.3-billion cap on the agency's emergency loan
fund.

About $1.5 billion was allocated for direct loans in the fiscal year that began
last Oct. 1, but heavy loan activity was using it rapidly.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             237 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2016 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                August 24, 2016

                    TRISTRAM COMMERCIAL DEVELOPMENTS LIMITED

                                 THE COURTYARD
                                HOLT LODGE FARM
                                     HORTON
                               WIMBORNE BH21 7JN


TRADE ADDRESS: THE COURTYARD HOLT LODGE FARM HORTON, WIMBORNE BH21 7JN

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 05421901

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: April 12, 2005
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  MARCHMONT FARMS LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  MARCHMONT FARMS LIMITED

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Oliver Aylesford Burge, Co Director


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Renting and operating of own or leased real estate
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68200

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Dormant
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  August 18, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  April 12, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  18,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               2         2         2
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         0         0
Other Current Assets                               2         2         2
Total Current Assets                               2         2         2
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                       2         2         2



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 2         2         2
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                  2         2         2
Called Up Share Capital                            2         2         2
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed           2         2         2
Net Worth                  2         2         2
Working Capital            2         2         2
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0      0      0
Current Assets          0      0      0
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      0      0
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 59,273 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
70200 Letting of own property



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     3.03    11.52
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0     2.14     6.41
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0    21.62    61.19
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               4.38     7.69    30.85
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       12.15        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .08       .6     2.26
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            27,864.5 79,369.5 161,438.
                                                          1        9        4
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,800 23,120.3 39,861.1
                                                                   7        1
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    70,000 168,352.  404,200
                                                                   9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  29.98     15.9     8.02



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  9
=        7
Year -1  9
=        7
Year -2  8
=        9
Year -3  8
=        9

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      1         1         1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2017


                             238 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 7, 2017

                         LITTLEPORT MUSHROOM FARMS LLP

                                  HAINEY FARM
                                  BARWAY ROAD
                                      ELY
                                  ELY CB7 5TZ


TRADE ADDRESS: Ainey Farm Barway Road, ELY CB7 5TZ

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: OC378466

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: September 17, 2012
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 258

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name                            Turnove
No.                                                           r
07914457        LITTLEPORT MUSHROOM FARMS (2011)        487,252
                LIMITED
-               -                                             -
-               -                                             -
-               -                                             -
-               -                                             -
-               -                                             -
-               -                                             -
-               -                                             -
-               -                                             -
-               -                                             -

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Jason David Thurlow
     ·    Mr Mark William Haynes
     ·    Mr Robert James Young
     ·    Mr David Thompson
     ·    Mr Peter Jeremy Sargeant
     ·    J.b Shropshire & Sons Limited
     ·    G.s. Shropshire & Sons Limited
     ·    Hugh Crane Limited
     ·    Mr Matthew James Gregory
     ·    Mr Richard Turner
     ·    James Foskett Farms Limited
     ·    Gch Growers Limited


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Growing of vegetables and melons, roots and tubers
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Other   includes Limited Liability Partnerships::Other   includes
Limited Liability Partnerships::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
01130 - Growing of fruit, nuts, beverage and spice crops

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: April 6, 2016

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  April 6, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  February 6, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  September 17, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  61,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           06/04/201 06/04/201 03/05/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                               43,536    15,556     8,795
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                            43,536    15,556     8,795
Stocks                                       486,936   454,942   234,129
Debtors                                    1,180,271         -   147,071
Cash                                         649,765   363,496   242,884
Miscellaneous Current Assets                 257,539 1,074,619   159,453
Other Current Assets                         907,304 1,438,115   402,337
Total Current Assets                       2,574,511 1,893,057   783,537
Fixed Assets                                  43,536    15,555     8,794
Intermediate Assets                                -         1         1
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               2,618,047 1,908,613   792,332



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           06/04/201 06/04/201 03/05/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                    845,208         -   270,329
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            970,084 1,456,177   225,038
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                       4,865         -    24,253
Due To Group, Current                              -         -    24,253
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                    965,219 1,456,177   200,785
Short Term Loans                               4,865         -    24,253
Long Term Loans                                    -         -   500,000
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -   500,000
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                      730         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                  1,815,292 1,456,177   495,367
Total Long Term Liabilities                      730         -   500,000
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          1,816,022 1,456,177   995,367
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry           802,025   452,436   -203035
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                            802,025   452,436   -203035
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)           802,025   452,436   -203035
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                   802,755   452,436   296,965


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   06/04/201 06/04/201 03/05/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales        15,203,51         - 5,192,607
                           9
Cost of Sales      11,423,01         - 4,873,877
                           6
Gross Profit       3,780,503         -   318,730
Operating Profit   2,070,245         -   -461228
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          0         -         0
Interest Payable     165,836         -    75,805
Pretax Profit      1,904,409         -   -537033
Taxation               4,256         -         -
Profit After Tax   1,900,153         -   -537033
Dividends Payable          0         -         0
Retained Profits   1,900,153         -   -537033
Value Added        6,997,692         -   -459609
Capital Employed     802,755   452,436   296,965
Net Worth            802,025   452,436   -203035
Working Capital      759,219   436,880   288,170
Emp. Renumeration  4,913,848         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          0         -         0
Audit Fees             9,500         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation          13,599         -     1,619
Number of                258         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                               06/04/201 06/04/201 03/05/201
                                                       6         5         4
                                                     GBP       GBP       GBP
Net Cashflow From Operating Activities         2,001,439         -         -
Net Cashflow From Return On Investment And             -         -         -
Servicing Of Finance
Net Cashflow Before Financing                  1,978,504         -         -
Net Cashflow From Financing                     -1729980         -         -
Increase In Cash                                 248,524         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   - 192.79      -
Pretax                  - -454.6      -
                               2
Total Assets        37.17 230.42 180.23
Current Assets         36 228.58 178.68
Current             24.66 266.45 202.43
Liabilities
Capital Employed    77.43 170.32 140.35
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 1,098 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
01120 Growing of vegetables, horticultural
specialities and nursery products



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -.74     6.04    18.68
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -.68     3.87    10.92
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -.47     3.18     9.46
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              79.41   133.18   202.48
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       40.54    20.16        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .61     1.21     2.42
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            24,297.5 30,897.7 42,192.1
                                                          8        9
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  16,759.6 20,338.1 25,995.2
                                                          5        5        8
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  51,009.9 90,563.5 185,538.
                                                          4        3        2
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  39.12    22.78     12.3



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  9
=        0
Year -1  7
=        9
Year -2  3
=        0
Year -3  2
=        7

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                06/04/01 06/04/201 03/05/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)              237.23         -   -180.84
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                         72.74         -    -67.78
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)            237.45         -     264.5
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                          12.53         -    -10.34
Sales / Total Assets (%)                          580.72         -    655.36
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                          349.22         -    590.47
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                         4.99         -      5.55
Sales / Stocks                                     31.22         -     22.18
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )     28.34         -     10.34
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.42       1.3      1.58
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  1.15      0.99      1.11
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                          0.61         -   -258.21
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.31      0.24     -0.26
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -   -246.26
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                  8.01         -    -16.44
Current Liabilities / Stocks                        3.73       3.2      2.12
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees     19,045.9         -         -
(GBP)                                                  2
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                  32.32         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)       7,381.43         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)               58,928.3         -         -
                                                       7
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees          3,111.45         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)          168.74         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        10,147.4         -         -
                                                       7
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                    27.21         -    116.85
Value Added / Sales (%)                            46.03         -     -8.85
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)         27,122.8         -         -
                                                       4
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                 1.42         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                              1,600.37         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                         275.58         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                 0.72         -      1.84
Total Debt / Working Capital                        0.01         -      1.82
Total Debt / Total Assets                              0         -      0.66

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 802,755

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Grant Thornton UK Ltd

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2017


                             239 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            October 21, 1983 Friday

Rebuff makes White talks critical

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 501 words

DATELINE: ANN SILVERSIDES


By  ANN SILVERSIDES
   Negotiations for the sale of White Farm Equipment Ltd. of Brantford,
 Ont., are at a crucial point, following the rejection of an $11.6-million
 bid from John Buhler, president of Farm King Ltd. of Morden, Man.

Mr. Buhler said the $500,000 deposit accompanying his bid to buy White
 Farm, now in receivership, was returned. Two bids for the financially
 troubled farm equipment company remain - one from Borg-Warner Acceptance
 Corp. of Chicago and the other from Massey-Ferguson Ltd. of Toronto.

Those bids are quite close in terms of the money that would be realized
 by secured creditors, acccording to sources. Still at issue, however, is
 the level of commitment of each bidder.

Massey's bid, for White Farm's axial flow combine technology and some
 engineering operations, would mean liquidation of the financially troubled
 company. On the other hand, Borg-Warner, which has financed $200-mil1ion
 worth of White Farm inventory in the United States and $60-million worth
 of inventory in Canada, has a vested interest in keeping White Farm
 operating.

If Borg-Warner's bid were accepted, that company would in turn sell
 White Farm to "a Canadian individual we feel can run the business" and
 give the buyer help with refinancing, working and operating capital, said
 Robert Terry, Kansas City divisional manager for Borg-Warner.

As a financing company, and one that has financed other farm equipment
 companies, Borg-Warner is not interested in owning and running White Farm,
 he said. But "it is our intention for the technology of the axial flow
 combine to remain in Canada and for us to support development of that
 technology."
    It is still an open question whether the Foreign Investment Review
 Agency would review the situation if Borg-Warner's bid for White Farm were
 accepted.

While federal Industry Minister Edward Lumley has indicated he would
 like to see White Farm continue as a going concern, a "strong enough"
 commitment from Massey to guarantee parts and servicing of White Farm
 equipment, thus protecting farmers with White Farm equipment, might make
 Massey's the more attractive offer, sources said.

The federal Government has guaranteed $10-million worth of loans to
 White Farm, now in receivership, and $125-million worth of loans to
 Massey.

Mr. Terry said Borg-Warner has talked to Mr. Buhler, among others, as a
 possible buyer if Borg-Warner's bid is successful. But while Mr. Buhler
 said an operating White Farm should have its operations moved to Manitoba,
 Mr. Terry said Borg-Warner's bid involves maintaining White Farm's
 operations in Brantford.

A spokesman for the receiver, Peat Marwick Ltd. of Toronto, said White
 Farm negotiations are "at a sensitive stage. . . . Hopefully in the next
 couple of days we will make a decision."
    Creditors of White Farm include the Royal Bank of Canada, the
 Mercantile Bank of Canada, Roynat Ltd. of Montreal, and the federal and
 Ontario governments, which guaranteed, respectively, $10-million and $5-
 million worth of loans to White Farm.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1983 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             240 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Banking Groups Appeal for Farm Lending Relief

                            February 7, 1986, Friday

By JAY ROSENSTEIN; Miriam Hill contributed to this story

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The banking industry on Thursday appealed to the government for changes in
regulatory accounting procedures and other relief as ways to assist troubled
farm lenders.

A joint task force of the American Bankers Association and the Independent
Bankers Association of America, the two largest trade groups for the industry,
developed the recommendations, which were sent to House Agriculture subcommittee
chairman Ed Jones, D-Tenn., by Bud Gerhart, chairman of the IBAA's
agriculture-rural committee, and Randall Killebrew, vice chairman of the ABA's
government relations council. The committee released copies of the proposals on
Thursday at a hearing on farm credit problems.

At a time of budget constraints, it is unclear whether the government will be
more willing than in the past to assist farm banks.

The ABA/IBAA proposals are aimed at stabilizing bank capital levels as well as
supporting farm borrowers and farm real estate values.

The recommendations include:

* Changes in regulatory accounting procedures to enable prudently managed banks
to amortize their loan losses over several years. ''Such a procedure is
relatively simple to administer, would assist a broad segment of banks and their
borrowers, and would entail no direct government cost,'' the groups said.

* Enabling regulators to inject capital into some troubled banks, such as in the
form of debt or equity. Another option is to authorize net worth or income
capital certificates for banks similar to those currently authorized for thrift
institutions.

* Expansion of the role of the Agriculture Department. One suggestion was to
increase the Farmers Home Administration agricultural loan guaranty programs as
a low-cost way for the government to stabilize and extend farm debt. Another was
to provide cash flow assistance to borrowers by expanding the interest rate
buy-down program, in which the government matches a farm bank's reduction in its
loan interest rate. The banking groups also asked for a clarification of the
Farmers Home Administration's willingness to provide direct loans to farmers who
cannot be financed in full by commercial lenders.

* Developing a secondary market for long-term real estate loans originated by
banks as a way to stabilizing farm real estate values. The groups said this
would provide additional funds and diversify the risks and returns from farm
lending. Among the options, they said, is to pool Farmers Home Administration
guaranteed loans for resale as mortgage-backed securities.  'Where Existing Law
Is Inadequate'

The ABA and IBAA said they would seek regulatory action where possible as well
as legislation ''where existing law is inadequate.''

The bank groups also cautioned about the potential impact of House-passed tax
legislation that would decrease the flexibility of banks to recognize losses and
in turn increase the impact of losses on bank capital levels. The provision
would cut back the current authority to carry net operating losses back 10 years
and to obtain refunds for taxes paid in those years. ''If this change were to
become law,'' the two groups said, ''agricultural banks now incurring net
operating losses would lose some of their ability to maintain an adequate level
of capital.''

The ABA has a membership of about 13,000 banks, or about 90% of the industry.
The IBAA has a membership of about 7,200 mostly small and rural banks. The work
of the two groups on the farm credit proposal is a sign of the severity of the
farm problem in the eyes of the industry.

At a hearing on Thursday of the House Agriculture subcommittee on conservation,
credit, and rural development, Farmers Home Administration official Vance L.
Clark said his office will try every option before it moves to take adverse
action against farmers with delinquent loans. Rescheduling of loans, deferral of
payments, and restructuring of loans are among the options available to farmers
with delinquent loans, he said, adding that not all farmers will be able to
resolve their debt problems.

''There are those who are so far behind or have a debt structure that no amount
of assistance can help,'' he said.

Mr. Clark said the new Gramm-Rudman deficit reduction law eventually will force
the Farmers Home Administration to reduce direct loan programs by 4.3%, but that
the agency should be able to provide essential services for the current fiscal
year.

Also testifying was Frank Naylor, under secretary of the Agriculture Department,
who said there is adequate credit available for farmers.

SECTION: AGRICULTURAL LENDING; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 755 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1986 American Banker, Inc.


                             241 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2016 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                August 18, 2016

                    BEWLAY STREET MANAGEMENT COMPANY LIMITED

                         THE FARM OFFICE HALL MOOR FARM
                                  SHIPTON LANE
                                   WIGGINTON
                                 YORK YO32 2RQ


TRADE ADDRESS: THE FARM OFFICE HALL MOOR FARM SHIPTON LANE, YORK YO32 2RQ

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 04046078

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: August 3, 2000
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mrs Sandra Josephine Johnson, Sales Negotiator
     ·    Mr Andrew Jeremy Barrowman, Farmer


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Renting and operating of own or leased real estate
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited company without share capital::Private Limited
company without share capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68200

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  July 8, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  August 3, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  10,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                             141     1,849     1,071
Miscellaneous Current Assets                   2,387       995       870
Other Current Assets                           2,528     2,844     1,941
Total Current Assets                           2,528     2,844     1,941
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                   2,528     2,844     1,941



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities              1,512     2,844     2,100
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                      1,512     2,844     2,100
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                      1,512     2,844     2,100
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                              1,512     2,844     2,100
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry             1,016         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0      -159
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                              1,016         -      -159
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)             1,016         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                     1,016         0      -159


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed       1,016         0      -159
Net Worth              1,016         0      -159
Working Capital        1,016         0      -159
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets       -11.11  30.24  28.91
Current Assets     -11.11  30.24  28.91
Current            -46.84    -28  28.14
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0 -738.9  30.09
                               9
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 59,273 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
70200 Letting of own property



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     3.03    11.52
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0     2.14     6.41
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0    21.62    61.19
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               4.38     7.69    30.85
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       12.15        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .08       .6     2.26
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            27,864.5 79,369.5 161,438.
                                                          1        9        4
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,800 23,120.3 39,861.1
                                                                   7        1
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    70,000 168,352.  404,200
                                                                   9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  29.98     15.9     8.02



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  5
=        0
Year -1  2
=        0
Year -2  8
=        6
Year -3  8
=        2

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         0         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.67         1      0.92
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  1.67         1      0.92
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                    0.4         -     -0.08
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         0         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 1,016

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Hare & Co Ltd

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2017


                             242 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2014 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                       WMI - Major Products and Services

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                               February 20, 2014

                                   Dewey Bank

                    PALMCROY HOUSE, 387 LONDON ROAD CR0 3PB
                                 United Kingdom

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *

Dewey Bank is a banking services provider. Key products and services offered by
the company include the following:

PRODUCTS:

   Personal banking:, Checking accounts , Savings accounts, Certificates of
deposit , Debit cards, Consumer loans , Automotive loans, Real estate loans ,
Consumer loans , Home loans Business banking:, Business checking accounts,
Retirement plans, Commercial loans , Agricultural loans , Money orders
Agricultural banking:Agricultural loans:, Farm operating loans , Working capital
, Farm machinery loans , Farm equipment loans , Farm real estate loans, Farm
livestock loans

SERVICES:

   Notary service , ATM services and wire transfer, Safe deposit boxes, Online
banking



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *






LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2014


                             243 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                February 8, 2017

                     NETTON FARM MANAGEMENT COMPANY LIMITED

                               NETTON FARM HOUSE
                                  NETTON FARM
                               NOSS MAYO PLYMOUTH
                                PLYMOUTH PL8 1HA


TRADE ADDRESS: Netton Farm House Netton Farm, Noss Mayo Plymouth, PLYMOUTH PL8
1HA

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 02785262

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: February 1, 1993
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Carolyn Mary Story, Technical Dierctor
     ·    Mr Charles Gozzard, Doctor


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Management of real estate on a fee or contract basis
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68320

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Dormant
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  September 27, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  February 1, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  14,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               3         3         3
Miscellaneous Current Assets                     379       379       379
Other Current Assets                             382       382       382
Total Current Assets                             382       382       382
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                     382       382       382



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry               103       103       103
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                    279       279       279
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                382       382       382
Called Up Share Capital                          103       103       103
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed         382       382       382
Net Worth                382       382       382
Working Capital          382       382       382
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0      0      0
Current Assets          0      0      0
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      0      0
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 27,873 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
70320 Management of real estate on a fee or contract
basis



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     6.52       25
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0      .55    16.22
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0     1.98       20
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              44.56    89.16   165.42
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       52.87        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                     .8     1.13     2.81
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            27,964.2 51,071.8   86,397
                                                          7        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  15,348.8 25,915.8 41,333.3
                                                          9        1        3
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                     8,000   31,000 107,634.
                                                                            8
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  47.43    31.17    12.92



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  7
=        5
Year -1  7
=        5
Year -2  8
=        9
Year -3  8
=        9

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      1         1         1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2017


                             244 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 7, 2017

                                PUSH ENERGY LTD

                          1 & 2 TOLLGATE BUSINESS PARK
                                 TOLLGATE WEST
                                    STANWAY
                               COLCHESTER CO3 8AB


TRADE ADDRESS: 1-2 Tollgate Business Park Tollgate West, COLCHESTER CO3 8AB

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01206203253
URL: www.pushenergy.co.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 08057425

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: May 4, 2012
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 35

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name                         Turnove
No.                                                        r
10347502        PUSH ENERGY (KENTISHES WEST) LIMITED       0
09716226        PUSH ENERGY (STUD FARM) LIMITED      619,966
09685778        ARBORA HOMES LIMITED                 206,614
09653345        PUSH ENERGY (BROWNFIELDS) LIMITED          0
09653344        PUSH ENERGY (PARK LANE) LIMITED            0
09648928        BIRCH SOLAR FARM CIC                       0
09648881        HALL SOLAR FARM C.I.C.                     0
09646776        PUSH ENERGY (CALKE MILL FARM)              0
                LIMITED
09518014        DECOY SOLAR FARM C.I.C.              619,966
09159410        PUSH CONNECT LIMITED                       0

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Anthony Thomas Duke, Farmer
     ·    Mr Stuart David Bradshaw, Accountant
     ·    Mr Rodney Pennington Baker-bates, Banker
     ·    Mr Jamie Patrick Kelly, Architectural Designer
     ·    Mr Drummond Timothy Sydenham, Business Development & Operat. And Maint
     ·    Mr Lee Foster Maughan, Finance Director
     ·    Miss Nicola Claire Waters, Chief Operations Officer


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Production of electricity
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated HCO

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
35110 - Building and repairing of ships
42000

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: April 30, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: April 30

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  April 30, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Group
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  January 31, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  May 31, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  2,835,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           30/04/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                              390,128   128,204    17,774
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                           390,128   128,204    17,774
Stocks                                     2,741,897 3,505,429   596,553
Debtors                                    15,648,83 13,925,01         -
                                                   0         5
Cash                                          50,581 5,750,306   324,896
Miscellaneous Current Assets               5,123,911 11,491,50 3,552,632
                                                             9
Other Current Assets                       5,174,492 17,241,81 3,877,528
                                                             5
Total Current Assets                       23,565,21 34,672,25 4,474,081
                                                   9         9
Fixed Assets                                 389,736   128,204    16,173
Intermediate Assets                              392         -     1,601
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               23,955,34 34,800,46 4,491,855
                                                   7         3



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           30/04/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                  2,631,573 2,011,675         -
Bank Overdraft                               428,315         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities          3,863,124 10,484,26   474,551
                                                             4
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                     730,639   260,553         -
Due To Group, Current                        499,748         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                  3,132,485 10,223,71   474,551
                                                             1
Short Term Loans                           1,158,954   260,553         -
Long Term Loans                            1,250,000 1,250,000         -
Long Term Bank Loan                        1,250,000 1,250,000         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                  585,820   449,280 1,776,466
Total Current Liabilities                  6,923,012 12,495,93   474,551
                                                             9
Total Long Term Liabilities                1,835,820 1,699,280 1,776,466
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          8,758,832 14,195,21 2,251,017
                                                             9
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry           154,342 1,623,207 1,623,207
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve              15,042,17 18,982,03   617,631
                                                   3         7
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                          15,196,51 20,605,24 2,240,838
                                                   5         4
Called Up Share Capital                       12,364    12,364    12,364
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)           141,978 1,610,843 1,610,843
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 17,032,33 22,304,52 4,017,304
                                                   5         4


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   30/04/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales        22,747,67 78,606,07         -
                           4         3
Cost of Sales      20,169,42 68,372,86         -
                           8         8
Gross Profit       2,578,246 10,233,20         -
                                     5
Operating Profit     -237709 6,981,526         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income  1,342,071 14,692,27         -
                                     0
Interest Payable     284,863   369,379         -
Pretax Profit        819,499 21,304,41         -
                                     7
Taxation              -33838 1,856,843         -
Profit After Tax     853,337 19,447,57         -
                                     4
Dividends Payable  2,472,954         0         -
Retained Profits    -1678227 18,998,29         -
                                     4
Value Added        1,376,476 8,908,761         -
Capital Employed   17,032,33 22,304,52 4,017,304
                           5         4
Net Worth          15,196,51 20,605,24 2,240,838
                           5         4
Working Capital    16,642,20 22,176,32 3,999,530
                           7         0
Emp. Renumeration  1,475,824 1,896,262         -
Dir. Renumeration    651,617 1,156,604         -
Audit Fees            29,950    31,450         -
Non-audit Fees             -    11,500         -
Depreciation         138,361    30,973         -
Number of                 35        21         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                               30/04/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                                                       6         5         4
                                                     GBP       GBP       GBP
Net Cashflow From Operating Activities          -6585141   -516777         -
Net Cashflow From Return On Investment And      -2647204    -73968         -
Servicing Of Finance
Net Cashflow Before Financing                   -2365898 5,894,438         -
Net Cashflow From Financing                     -3762142   -471458         -
Increase In Cash                                -6128040 5,422,980         -

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2 3 Years 5 Years
                    Years
                      GBP     GBP     GBP
Sales              -71.06       -       -
Pretax             -96.15       -       -
Total Assets       -31.16  433.31 3,497.6
                                        8
Current Assets     -32.03  426.71 3,465.6
Current             -44.6 1,358.8 3,784.1
Liabilities                     6
Capital Employed   -23.64  323.97 3,392.9
                                        8
Employee Wages     -22.17       -       -
Number of           66.67       -       -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 2,789 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
40101 Electricity generation



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -2.33     1.11    12.05
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -5.03     -.25     4.91
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                            -22.58     6.98    34.18
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                .66    13.03    28.51
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       32.07     1.34        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .13      .75     2.09
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            -10256.2 88,611.1 226,557.
                                                                   7        8
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  30,977.1   39,750 55,110.2
                                                          8                 2
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    74,000 238,766.  860,000
                                                                   1
Wages / Turnover (%)                                   37.4    10.98     4.73



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  9
=        3
Year -1  5
=        8
Year -2  2
=        2
Year -3  8
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                0/04/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                4.81     95.52         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                          3.42     61.22         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)              5.39    103.39         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                            3.6      27.1         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                           94.96    225.88         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                           58.37    613.13         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                        73.16     28.21         -
Sales / Stocks                                       8.3     22.42         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )    251.09     64.66         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                 3.4      2.77      9.43
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  3.01      2.49      8.17
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                         15.85      7.33         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.63      0.59       0.5
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                      8.23      6.07         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                 25.79       1.7         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                        2.52      3.56       0.8
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees     42,166.4 90,298.19         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                   6.49      2.41         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)       23,414.2 1,014,496         -
                                                       6
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)               649,933. 3,743,146         -
                                                       5
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees          486,638. 1,062,120         -
                                                       1
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        11,135.3  6,104.95         -
                                                       1
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        684,438. 1,657,165         -
                                                       5
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                    59.54    239.14         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                             6.05     11.33         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)         39,327.8 424,226.7         -
                                                       9
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                 0.93       4.7         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                759.52   2,499.4         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                         799.84  1,106.53         -
Creditors / Debtors                                 0.17      0.14         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                        0.14      0.07         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                            0.1      0.04         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 17,032,335

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Deloitte LLP

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2017


                             245 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Merredin Wheatbelt Mercury

                               September 30, 2014

Drought relief delay hurts: WAFarmers

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 414  words


WAFARMERS president Dale Park has slammed a six-month state government delay in
implementing federal concessional drought relief loans.

They were made available to farmers only last week.

The delay in delivering the WA loans program had put some farmers into further
financial difficulty, Mr Park said.

WAFarmers met federal Agriculture Minister Barnaby Joyce on March 21 and called
for immediate action to be taken by the state government to ensure struggling
farmers could access the drought assistance package as soon as possible.

"We are pleased to see these loans finally made available to those who require
assistance," Mr Park said last week.

"However, despite assurances everything was being done to make these loans
available promptly, we are six months down the track and applications have just
opened.

"Had the loans been made available sooner, those in need could have put in
crops, appropriately serviced their stock or crops, or substantially improved
the operating conditions of their farm businesses."

Mr Park said it was good to see the loans could be used to restructure existing
debt, but there were still concerns about the eligibility of many in need
considering the onus to prove substantial rainfall deficiency.

"While many of the areas of concern have had substantial dry periods or erratic
rainfall, these are not often recognised through official rainfall data," Mr
Park said.

"I would encourage anyone who would benefit from these loans to apply, even if
they are not certain of their eligibility, and not to self-assess."

WA Agriculture and Food Minister Ken Baston and Mr Joyce jointly announced on
Tuesday last week that WA drought-impacted farm businesses could apply for up to
$1 million or half their eligible debt in concessional loans at an initial rate
of 4 per cent interest-only payments over five years.

Loans could be used to restructure existing debt, finance operating costs and
preparations for recovery from drought.

Eligible farm businesses must be in a one-in-20-year drought or a one-in-10-year
drought which has caused significant financial impact and applicants must submit
a Bureau Of Meteorology Rainfall Defi ciency Report to support their
application.

Mr Baston urged farm businesses not to self-assess their eligibility and to
contact the Rural Business Development Corporation to find out more about the
scheme and what was required to apply.

For information on the Drought Concessional Loans Scheme visit agric.wa.gov.au
or free call 1800 198 231.

LOAD-DATE: October 02, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             246 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Minnesota Senate Backs Moratorium on Farm Foreclosures

                            February 1, 1985, Friday

By ANDREA BENNETT

DATELINE: CHICAGO


Calls for moratoriums on farm foreclosures are picking up steam in the Midwest.

A bill that calls for a voluntary 120-day moratorium on farm foreclosures was
passed by the Minnesota Senate last week and is being considered by the state's
House of Representatives.

That action comes on the heels of calls for a similar moratorium in Iowa by farm
groups there. Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad has said he will give himself until March
1 to decide whether or not to impose one.

The Minnesota bill, which represents a coalition effort by farm and banking
groups in the state, passed the Senate on a voice vote with ''practically no
opposition to it in its final form,'' said Norbert A.  McCrady, executive vice
president of the Independent Bankers of Minnesota.

To not support the moratorium would have been ''playing with fire,'' Mr.
McCrady said. A narrowly defeated amendment to the bill calling for a mandatory
one-year moratorium ''points to the danger that could come from opposing this
moderate bill,'' he said. ''Those opposing the bill think that the alternative
is no moratorium at all. That is not true. The alternative is a mandatory
moratorium for a year or possibly two.''

Under the bill, lenders can choose to participate in a 120-day voluntary
moratorium on farm loan foreclosures. The moratorium will cover both real estate
and operating loans and would halt both current foreclosures and the start of
future foreclosure actions during the 120 days. For the first 60 days of the
moratorium, the state will pay interest on up to one real estate and one
operating loan per customer.

Mr. McCrady estimated that about 300 of the state's 765 banks would participate
in the voluntary action should it become law and that the cost to the state for
the interest payments would be about $9.2 million.  He said nearly all of the
state's agricultural banks ''will be anxious to go into this because the
alternative is to have too many loans go down the tube.''

Among the farming groups supporting the bill are the Minnesota Farmers Union,
the Minnesota National Farmers Organization, and the Minnesota American
Agricultural Movement. Kim Brown, communications director for the Minnesota
Farmers Union, said the coalition had been working together since last fall.

A second part of the bill, calling for support of a Communicating for
Agriculture debt-modification proposal, also has the support of the Minnesota
Bankers Association. Mr. McCrady said this proposal would ''put [more] money''
into the federal farm lending agencies and would need federal action to go into
effect.

But the bankers association was lukewarm in its support of the debt moratorium.
An agricultural task force for the group outlined a 10-point program to help
ease current agricultural problems, including ''acceptance'' of the voluntary
120-day moratorium. The task force said the Minnesota BA opposed moratoriums
''as a matter of principle'' but would not oppose the 120-day grace period
called for in the bill.

But the bankers association said it believed ''that the dollars allocated in
Senate File 54 [the voluntary moratorium bill] could be put to more effective
and immediate use by funding a joint state-lender farm operating loan interest
reduction program.''

The association's proposal called for a combination of state and federal
actions, including the formation of such a joint interest-reduction program.
Other proposals included looking into creating a state bonding program making
funds available for agricultural loans, programs to inject equity capital into
farming operations, tax relief for farmers, allowing higher prices for food
products, and reducing the federal budget deficit.

If state actions are not met by help at the federal level, ''the effect will be
little more than trying to heal a gaping wound with a bandaid,'' task force
chairman Les Peterson said.

Mr. McCrady termed the voluntary moratorium bill ''a moderate, partial
solution.'' He said the Independent Bankers of Minnesota also wants to drum up
support on the federal level for the Communicating for Agriculture
debt-modification proposal and work for a 1985 farm bill different from the one
being proposed by the Reagan administration.

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 705 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                             247 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2004 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                 June 29, 2004

                          HELSHAW GRANGE FARMS LIMITED

                              HELSHAW GRANGE FARM
                                 HELSHAW GRANGE
                          STOKE ON TERN MARKET DRAYTON

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 02277765

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: July 15, 1988

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  HELSHAW FARM FOODS LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  HELSHAW FARM FOODS LIMITED



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name                   Turnove
No.                                                  r
02380741        HELSHAW FARM FOODS (UK)              -
                LIMITED
-               -                                    -
-               -                                    -
-               -                                    -
-               -                                    -
-               -                                    -
-               -                                    -
-               -                                    -
-               -                                    -
-               -                                    -

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Richard Michael Kent, Stud Manager
     ·    Alan Birchall, Director


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: MB A holding company.
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Dissolved company

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
74830 - Secretarial and translation activities
74840 - Other business activities not elsewhere classified

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2001
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2001
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Small   modified Balance Sheet
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  June 18, 2002
ANNUAL RETURN:  January 29, 2002
CREDIT LIMIT:  Z

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/200 31/12/200 31/12/199
                                                   1         0         9
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    0 1,095,000 1,251,000
Intangible Assets                                  0         0         0
Total Fixed Assets                                 0 1,095,000 1,251,000
Stocks                                             0         0         0
Debtors                                            0         0         0
Cash                                               0         0         0
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         0   343,000
Other Current Assets                               0         0   343,000
Total Current Assets                               0         0   343,000
Fixed Assets                                       - 1,095,000 1,104,000
Intermediate Assets                                -         0   147,000
Due From Group, Non Current                        0         0         0
Due From Group, Current                            0         0   230,000
TOTAL ASSETS                                       0 1,095,000 1,594,000



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/200 31/12/200 31/12/199
                                                   1         0         9
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          0         0    13,000
Bank Overdraft                                     0         0   468,000
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  0   766,000   652,000
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         0    59,000
Other Short Term Finance                           -   766,000   561,000
Due To Group, Current                              0   766,000   561,000
Due To Directors, Current                          0         0         0
Other Current Liabilities                          -         0    32,000
Short Term Loans                                   -   766,000 1,088,000
Long Term Loans                                    -         0   155,000
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         0   155,000
Other Long Term Finance                            -         0         0
Due To Group, Non Current                          0         0         0
Due To Directors, Non Current                      0         0         0
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         0         0
Total Current Liabilities                          0   766,000 1,133,000
Total Long Term Liabilities                        0         0   155,000
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  0   766,000 1,288,000
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 0         0         0
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0   -249000   -272000
Revaluation Reserve                                0   578,000   578,000
Shareholder Funds                                  0   329,000   306,000
Called Up Share Capital                            -         0         0
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         0         0
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         0   329,000   461,000


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/200 31/12/200 31/12/199
                           1         0         9
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         0   530,000
Cost of Sales              -         0         0
Gross Profit               -         0   530,000
Operating Profit           -         0    75,000
Export                     -         0         -
Nontrading Income          -    22,000         0
Interest Payable           -         0    64,000
Pretax Profit              -    22,000    11,000
Taxation                   -         0    11,000
Profit After Tax           -    22,000         0
Dividends Payable          -         0         0
Retained Profits           -    22,000         0
Value Added                -         -   381,184
Capital Employed           0   329,000   461,000
Net Worth                  0   329,000   306,000
Working Capital            0   -766000   -790000
Emp. Renumeration          -         -   271,000
Dir. Renumeration          -         0   161,000
Audit Fees                 -         0     2,000
Non-audit Fees             -         0         0
Depreciation               -         0     7,000
Number of                  -         -        17
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                               31/12/200 31/12/200 31/12/199
                                                       1         0         9
                                                     GBP       GBP       GBP
Net Cashflow From Operating Activities                 -   408,000    25,000
Net Cashflow From Return On Investment And             -    22,000    -64000
Servicing Of Finance
Net Cashflow Before Financing                          -   593,000     -6000
Net Cashflow From Financing                            -   -125000    -97000
Increase In Cash                                       -   468,000   -103000

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            -   -100   -100
Current Assets          -      -   -100
Current                 -   -100   -100
Liabilities
Capital Employed        -   -100   -100
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 7,933 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2001)
SIC Code:
74150 Management activities of holding companies



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   0.00     0.81    17.82
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       0.00     0.04    10.02
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              0.00    17.65    81.01
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               0.00     0.00     5.96
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        7.64     0.00     0.00
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   0.08     0.95     2.35
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -        -        -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  15,000.0 26,944.4 55,413.4
                                                          0        5        6
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      0.00 6,000.00 58,333.3
                                                                            3
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  76.65    47.03    26.00



CREDIT RATING
Year  0         Dissolved or dissolution action
=                                       pending
Year -1         Dissolved or dissolution action
=                                       pending
Year -2         Dissolved or dissolution action
=                                       pending
Year -3         Dissolved or dissolution action
=                                       pending

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/12/200 31/12/200 31/12/199
                                                       1         0         9
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -      6.69      1.59
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -      2.01      0.46
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -      6.69      2.40
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -      2.08
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -      0.00     22.17
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -      0.00      0.32
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -   -223.58
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -      0.00
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -      0.00      0.30
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -      0.00      0.30
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -    232.83    406.21
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      -      0.30      0.19
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -    232.83    406.21
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -      0.00     85.33
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         - 10,627.45
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -     51.13
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -    431.37
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         - 20,784.31
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         - 27,117.65
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         - 64,941.18
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         - 93,764.71
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -      2.89
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -     71.92
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         - 14,948.39
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -      1.41
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -    176.67
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -    797.00
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -     -1.00     -1.57
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -      0.70      0.78

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 0

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: John Fairhurst & Co
BANKER: HSBC

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2013


                             248 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                February 7, 2017

                    EUROPEAN INVESTMENTS (CORNWALL) LIMITED

                                 BEAUFORT COURT
                                 EGG FARM LANE
                                OFF STATION ROAD
                             KINGS LANGLEY WD4 8LR


TRADE ADDRESS: Beaufort Court Egg Farm Lane Off Station Road, KINGS LANGLEY WD4
8LR

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01923277926

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 08030338

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: April 13, 2012
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  EUROPEAN INVESTMENTS (SCEL) LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  THE RENEWABLES INFRASTRUCTURE GROUP LTD



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name                 Turnover
No.
07611300        MANOR FARM SOLAR LIMITED     2,098,97
                                                    1
07611290        CHURCHTOWN FARM SOLAR        2,149,30
                LIMITED                             8
07610799        EAST LANGFORD SOLAR LIMITED  2,095,29
                                                    9
-               -                                   -
-               -                                   -
-               -                                   -
-               -                                   -
-               -                                   -
-               -                                   -
-               -                                   -

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Mark Christopher Wayment, Company Director
     ·    Richard Paul Russell, Finance Director
     ·    Christopher John Smith, Head Of Operations


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    MrDominicHearth


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Other business support service activities n.e.c.
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated HCO

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
82990

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Group
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  May 5, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  April 12, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  607,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            29,504,08 30,705,50 32,092,11
                                                   4         3         9
Intangible Assets                          17,090,33 17,870,52 18,666,41
                                                   3         8         6
Total Fixed Assets                         46,594,41 48,576,03 50,758,53
                                                   7         1         5
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                       13,202    14,334    61,025
Cash                                       4,650,155 4,988,231 3,497,781
Miscellaneous Current Assets               2,720,513 1,447,679 1,217,129
Other Current Assets                       7,370,668 6,435,910 4,714,910
Total Current Assets                       7,383,870 6,450,244 4,775,935
Fixed Assets                               29,504,08 30,705,50 32,092,11
                                                   4         3         9
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               53,978,28 55,026,27 55,534,47
                                                   7         5         0



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                    268,345   173,755   188,019
Bank Overdraft                               859,615   622,561   454,592
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities          2,877,334 1,866,133 1,102,181
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                   1,129,413         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                  1,747,921 1,866,133 1,102,181
Short Term Loans                           1,989,028   622,561   454,592
Long Term Loans                            49,007,75 47,555,97 47,910,89
                                                   0         1         0
Long Term Bank Loan                        36,795,76 34,689,84 47,910,89
                                                   6         2         0
Other Long Term Finance                    12,211,98 12,866,12         -
                                                   4         9
Due To Group, Non Current                  12,211,98 12,866,12         -
                                                   4         9
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                1,263,885   909,718   874,729
Total Current Liabilities                  4,005,294 2,662,449 1,744,792
Total Long Term Liabilities                50,271,63 48,465,68 48,785,61
                                                   5         9         9
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          54,276,92 51,128,13 50,530,41
                                                   9         8         1
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry         4,650,074 7,757,908 7,757,908
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve               -4948716  -3859771  -2753849
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                            -298642 3,898,137 5,004,059
Called Up Share Capital                    7,757,908 7,757,908 7,757,908
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)          -3107834         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -      8813      9406
NET ASSETS                                 49,972,99 52,363,82 53,789,67
                                                   3         6         8


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales        6,343,579 6,396,678 5,938,137
Cost of Sales      2,827,718 2,768,568 3,152,847
Gross Profit       3,515,861 3,628,110 2,785,290
Operating Profit   3,012,677 2,728,805 1,980,408
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income   -1626882         0       430
Interest Payable   2,442,527 3,893,497 3,969,282
Pretax Profit       -1056732  -1164692  -1988444
Taxation              32,214    -58770   -172261
Profit After Tax    -1088946  -1105922  -1816183
Dividends Payable          0         0         0
Retained Profits    -1088946  -1105922  -1816183
Value Added        5,291,468 4,917,107 4,482,825
Capital Employed   49,972,99 52,363,82 53,789,67
                           3         6         8
Net Worth          -17388975 -13972391 -13662357
Working Capital    3,378,576 3,787,795 3,031,143
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          0         0         0
Audit Fees            19,500    19,696    19,200
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation       2,278,791 2,188,302 2,502,417
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                               31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
                                                     GBP       GBP       GBP
Net Cashflow From Operating Activities         4,706,092 5,259,230 4,790,780
Net Cashflow From Return On Investment And             -  -3271124  -4085188
Servicing Of Finance
Net Cashflow Before Financing                  4,706,092 1,982,308   705,592
Net Cashflow From Financing                     -5044169   -491858   -412686
Increase In Cash                                 -338077 1,490,450   292,906

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales               -0.83   6.83 224.78
Pretax              -9.27 -46.86 -13.18
Total Assets         -1.9   -2.8     -5
Current Assets      14.47  54.61  73.03
Current             50.44 129.56 122.74
Liabilities
Capital Employed    -4.57   -7.1  -9.17
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 178,145 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
74849 Other business activities not elsewhere classified



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     9.23    54.84
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0      1.9    32.63
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0      .98    27.13
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              50.95   143.84   367.16
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       26.26        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .79     1.13     2.24
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            28,637.6 53,888.3 72,276.9
                                                          7        2
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  16,835.7 26,753.2 39,868.1
                                                          2        1        3
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  31,518.2 84,193.5 186,740.
                                                          9        5        9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  47.63    27.94    18.75



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  8
=        9
Year -1  7
=        8
Year -2  5
=        1
Year -3  3
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)               -2.11     -2.22      -3.7
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                         -1.96     -2.12     -3.58
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)            353.85    -29.88    -39.74
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                         -16.66    -18.21    -33.49
Sales / Total Assets (%)                           11.75     11.62     10.69
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                            0.22      0.21      0.19
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                        53.26     59.22     51.05
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )      0.76      0.82      3.75
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.84      2.42      2.74
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  1.84      2.42      2.74
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                       -293.27   -344.81   -354.01
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                  -0.01      0.07      0.09
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                   -281.83   -340.36   -350.68
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                176.25    142.68    200.38
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                   -19.97    -23.69    -44.36
Value Added / Sales (%)                            83.41     76.87     75.49
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                325.31    324.77    309.28
Total Assets / Audit Fees                       2,768.12  2,793.78  2,892.42
Creditors / Debtors                                20.33     12.12      3.08
Total Debt / Working Capital                       15.09     12.72     15.96
Total Debt / Total Assets                           0.94      0.88      0.87

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 49,972,993

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Deloitte LLP

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2017


                             249 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                 March 1, 2017

                       THE HANDMADE GATE COMPANY LIMITED

                        NORLEY HALL FARM, TOWN FARM LANE
                                     NORLEY
                                    FRODSHAM
                                FRODSHAM WA6 8NH


TRADE ADDRESS: Norley Hall Farm, Town Farm Lane Norley, FRODSHAM WA6 8NH

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 05041404

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: February 11, 2004
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    David James Pearce, Director


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    Ingrid MargaretSmillie


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Other letting and operating of own or leased real estate
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Normal   Medium sized unquoted company exempt from filing a
turnover figure

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68209

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: February 28, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: February 28

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  February 28, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  November 8, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  February 11, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  18,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           28/02/201 28/02/201 28/02/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                              370,341   370,341   370,343
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                           370,341   370,341   370,343
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                  45,182    32,863    19,083
Other Current Assets                          45,182    32,863    19,083
Total Current Assets                          45,182    32,863    19,083
Fixed Assets                                 370,341   370,341   370,341
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         2
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 415,523   403,204   389,426



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           28/02/201 28/02/201 28/02/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                              470,853         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                          470,853         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -   459,743   448,633
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                  470,853   459,743   448,633
TOTAL LIABILITIES                            470,853   459,743   448,633
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry            -55330    -56539    -59207
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                             -55330    -56539    -59207
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)            -55330    -56539    -59207
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   28/02/201 28/02/201 28/02/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed     415,523   403,204   389,426
Net Worth             -55330    -56539    -59207
Working Capital       45,182    32,863    19,083
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets         3.06    6.7   6.63
Current Assets      37.49 136.77 133.75
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed     3.06    6.7   6.63
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 59,273 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
70200 Letting of own property



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     3.03    11.52
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0     2.14     6.41
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0    21.62    61.19
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               4.38     7.69    30.85
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       12.15        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .08       .6     2.26
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            27,864.5 79,369.5 161,438.
                                                          1        9        4
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,800 23,120.3 39,861.1
                                                                   7        1
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    70,000 168,352.  404,200
                                                                   9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  29.98     15.9     8.02



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  5
=        5
Year -1  3
=        9
Year -2  8
=        2
Year -3  8
=        2

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                8/02/201 28/02/201 28/02/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                       -850.99         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                  -0.13     -0.14     -0.15
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                   -850.99         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                       10.42         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                           1.13         -         -

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2017


                             250 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 De Baca County News (Fort Sumner, New Mexico)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 16, 2012

FSA promotes loans for new farmers, ranchers

BYLINE: De Baca County News staff

LENGTH: 397  words


ALBUQUERQUE - The USDA Farm Service Agency recently unveiled a new Land Contract
Guarantee Program and several other tools designed to help beginning farmers and
ranchers build the foundation for a successful career in agriculture.

"New farmers face many challenges, like obtaining land for example," said FSA
acting director Brenda Archuleta "FSA is going to provide new options to help
them to work through this challenging start-up issue."

Peak land values, tight commercial credit, minimal credit history and less
collateral make it difficult for new and smaller farmers in New Mexico to get a
commercial business loan right now. The Land Contract Guarantee Program provides
a new approach for landowners willing to sell and finance a land purchase to a
beginning or socially disadvantaged farmer. The national program offers two
options, one that guarantees up to three annual installment payments on the
contract and one that guarantees 90% of the unpaid principal of the contract.
Guarantees can be used in the purchase of land for up to $500,000.

"New Mexico farmers represent all walks of life, a wide variety of ethnic
backgrounds, and all different ages," notes Archuleta. "This new program will
work well for beginning and minority growers in our state and we encourage
producers to visit with us to see if they qualify and how it could fit their
needs," she said.

Another new change to the agency's lending rules for new producers is to allow
more flexibility in the minimum experience requirement. Under the new rule, FSA
loan officers are allowed to consider all prior farming experience, including
on-the-job training and formal education when determining eligibility for FSA
Farm Operating and Ownership Loans.

To qualify for the Beginning Farmer and Rancher Loan Program, applicants must
have a minimum level of agricultural experience, but not more than 10 years
operating a farm or ranch. Archuleta also recommends that people considering a
farming career should visit a new USDA website www.start2farm.gov to learn more
about USDA and FSA programs for beginning farmers and ranchers.

In 2011, 35% of all FSA farm loans in New Mexico were made to socially
disadvantaged farmers and ranchers and 53% of the loans were to beginning
producers.

For more information about these and other USDA programs, you can always call or
visit the nearest USDA Farm Service Agency office.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DBC

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2012 De Baca County News


                             251 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               February 23, 2017

                          FIRST BASTION (PROPERTY) LTD

                                 THE FARM HOUSE
                                  OLD FARM WAY
                                   PORTSMOUTH
                               PORTSMOUTH PO6 1JZ


TRADE ADDRESS: The Farm House Old Farm Way, PORTSMOUTH PO6 1JZ

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 06899962

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: May 8, 2009
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name                     Turnove
No.                                                    r
09176690        FIRST BASTION (PORTFOLIO)        103,307
                LIMITED
-               -                                      -
-               -                                      -
-               -                                      -
-               -                                      -
-               -                                      -
-               -                                      -
-               -                                      -
-               -                                      -
-               -                                      -

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Robert Mair, Director


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Other letting and operating of own or leased real estate
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Normal   Medium sized unquoted company exempt from filing a
turnover figure

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68209

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: May 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: May 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  May 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  February 20, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  May 8, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  14,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/05/201 31/05/201 31/05/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    1         1         1
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 1         1         1
Stocks                                             -         1         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         1         1
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       1         0         0
Other Current Assets                               1         1         1
Total Current Assets                               1         2         1
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                1         1         1
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                       2         3         2



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/05/201 31/05/201 31/05/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         1         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         1         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         0         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         1         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         1         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         1         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        1         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         1         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        1         1         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  1         2         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 1         1         2
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                  1         1         2
Called Up Share Capital                            -         1         2
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 1         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         2         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/05/201 31/05/201 31/05/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed           2         2         2
Net Worth                  1         1         2
Working Capital            1         1         1
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets       -33.33      0 -33.33
Current Assets        -50      0    -50
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      0      0
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 59,273 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
70200 Letting of own property



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     3.03    11.52
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0     2.14     6.41
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0    21.62    61.19
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               4.38     7.69    30.85
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       12.15        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .08       .6     2.26
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            27,864.5 79,369.5 161,438.
                                                          1        9        4
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,800 23,120.3 39,861.1
                                                                   7        1
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    70,000 168,352.  404,200
                                                                   9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  29.98     15.9     8.02



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  7
=        9
Year -1  7
=        6
Year -2  8
=        1
Year -3  -
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/05/201 31/05/201 31/05/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         2         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         1         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -       200         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                    0.5      0.33         1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -       100         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         1         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         2         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -      0.67         -

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                             252 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             April 19, 1996 Friday

LENGTH: 177 words


Among new policies would be: þ Direct farm ownership loans may not be used to
refinance existing debt. þ Delinquent borrowers may not receive loans for
essential family living or operating expenses. þ Borrowers who have received
debt forgiveness in the past are not eligible for direct or guaranteed loans. þ
The Farm Service Agency will require an interest payment on all loans as a
condition of rescheduling or reamortizing loans. þ The option to buy out a loan
at net recovery value is eliminated and replaced with a buy-out option at
current market value. þ The lease buy-back program is eliminated. þ The agency
will notify a borrower of delinquent status when the delinquency has reached 90
days, instead of 180 days as provided under the previous law. þ The are new
limits on the number of years the agency can make a direct operating loan to a
farmer and guarantee a loan to a farmer. þ A borrower may be required to
purchase hazard insurance as a condition for receiving loans. þ The agency may
use collection agencies to collect loans when appropriate.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1996 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             253 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Farm Credit Banks Turn Up Heat in Agriculture Lending

                          January 14, 1998, Wednesday

By JOANNA SULLIVAN


Bankers can expect a fresh blast of competition from the Farm Credit System.

Eleven years after nearly collapsing during a farm crisis, the
government-sponsored system is back on its feet and launching an aggressive
drive to boost its 25% share of the agricultural lending market.

"It's time now to develop some business," said Marsha Pyle Martin, chairman and
chief executive of the Farm Credit Administration, the system's top regulator.

Commercial banks, which have long viewed the system warily, already are feeling
the heat.

"They're getting tougher all the time-they're getting bolder," said Duane W.
Foelske, senior vice president at $110 million-asset State Bank of Waverly in
Iowa.

Adds John M. Blanchfield, manager of agricultural banking for the American
Bankers Association: "They're doing a lot of stuff-and our guys don't like any
of it."

The system, started in 1916 to increase credit to farmers, is made up of 213
borrower-owned cooperative banks and associations that operate throughout the
United States and Puerto Rico. Six Farm Credit banks and one agricultural credit
bank distribute low-cost funds to the associations through a variety of
intermediaries. Through Sept. 30, the system held about $63 billion of farm
loans.

In the view of many bankers, the system is an unfair competitor. They see it as
a monolithic government agency bent on stealing customers. And they point out
that the system is able to fund itself with bonds that carry the implicit
backing of the government.

"We're competing with our own government," said Dennis H. White, chairman of
First Bankshares, Valley City, N.D. "They compete head to head with us for
agricultural operating loans and cattle loans and real estate loans. But they're
able to buy their money a lot cheaper than we can."

Ms. Martin brushes off such criticisms, saying the system is simply an easy
target for banks. The system "gets a little more than its fair share of
criticism," she said.

Ultimately, she says, the Farm Credit System helps keep food prices down, by
giving farmers and ranchers another funding option. She maintains that the cost
of credit would rise one percentage point in most markets if the system
disappeared tomorrow.

"They are a vital part of the rural credit landscape," said Bret Healy,
legislative assistant to Sen. Tim Johnson, D-S.D., who specializes in
agriculture and international trade.

Though commercial banks hold a majority of farm debt-about 40%-the industry lost
some ground to the Farm Credit System in 1996. It was the first time in 14 years
that commercial banks had lost market share.

Meanwhile, the system has been gaining share of farm debt since 1994, after
falling steadily from a high of 34% in 1982. An aggressive cost- cutting
program, including the closure of 31 Farm Credit banks and associations, helped
revive the organization.

Ms. Martin says the government-sponsored enterprise is determined to grow
stronger and adds that Congress won't bail it out again. Congress had to step in
and save the Farm Credit System in 1987. Since then, the system has been on a
capital-building mission, increasing its capital nearly 50% in the past five
years.

Now, the agency is on the offensive, trying to drum up business nationwide.
Aggressive advertising is becoming commonplace in some markets.

Mr. Foelske, the Iowa banker, said Farm Credit banks in the Midwest are
pummeling commercial banks by advertising five-year, fixed-rate agricultural
loans and 15-year, fixed-rate farm real estate loans at 7.75%. He said his bank
can offer the five-year loan at no lower than 8.5%.

"We're doing the best we can," he said. "We've been able to hold our loans
steady. But we're not really expanding our loan volume."

Meanwhile, bankers are anxious about some recent moves by the system to move
beyond its traditional turf.

For example, the system has launched a program aimed at giving agribusinesses,
such as seed dealers and farm equipment manufacturers, equipment and operating
loans and accounts receivable financing. Previously, the system served mainly
farmers and ranchers.

The ABA and Independent Bankers Association of America claim Farm Credit's foray
into agribusiness lending will cut further into banks' business. The groups are
debating whether to appeal a U.S. District Court judge's decision allowing the
practice to continue.

"The issue is what role should they play," said Mark Scanlan, IBAA's
agricultural lobbyist. "They seem to see their role as one of continually
expanding into new markets. That's what the commercial banking industry is
objecting to."

To help its members meet the increased competition, the trade group is backing
federal legislation that would let banks with less than $500 million of assets
join the Federal Home Loan Bank System without meeting the requirement that 10%
of assets be in mortgage-related holdings. Under the plan, the banks would be
able to use long-term advances from a Federal Home Loan Bank for funding
agricultural loans.

The proposed changes are part of the sweeping financial reform bill awaiting a
possible House vote.

In another step to become more competitive, a growing number of banks are using
the rejuvenated Farmer Mac program, a government-sponsored enterprise that buys
agricultural loans from banks. Bankers are using the Farmer Mac program to gain
liquidity and provide better interest rates.

Ms. Martin of the Farm Credit Administration said commercial banks could use the
system's banks and associations to solve their liquidity problems by
participating in loans with them. But she said many commercial banks,
particularly in the Upper Midwest, are fearful of such joint efforts because
they might lose customers.

John H. Colvin, president and CEO of North Salem State Bank in Indiana, said it
has worked with the Farm Credit System to offer credit to farmers who couldn't
qualify on their own. Farm Credit has made the long-term real estate loan, and
the bank offers the customer a line of credit.

"I think they keep us all honest," he said of the system. "They're good ,
they're tough. There's a place for them."

J.R. "Bob" Jamison, chairman of Dayton (Tex.) State Bank, puts some of the blame
for his Farm Credit competition on his own industry.

"If they were not around, I think there would be fewer farmers because I don't
think banks have done a really good job in agriculture," he said.

Copyright c 1998 American Banker, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1085 words

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1998 American Banker, Inc.


                             254 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         The Pendleton Record (Oregon)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 27, 2014

Farm Loan Program Modifications Create Flexibility for New and Existing Farmers
and Ranchers Alike

BYLINE: The Pendleton Record staff

LENGTH: 356  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsackhasannounced increased opportunity for
producers as a result of the 2014 Farm Bill. A fact sheet outlining
modifications to the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Farm Service Agency
(FSA) Farm Loan Programs is available here.

"Our nation's farmers and ranchers are the engine of the rural economy. These
improvements to our Farm Loan Programs will help a new generation begin farming
and grow existing farm operations," said Secretary Vilsack. "Today's
announcement represents just one part of a series of investments the new Farm
Bill makes in the next generation of agriculture, which is critical to economic
growth in communities across the country."

The Farm Bill expands lending opportunities for thousands o\ farmers and
ranchers to begin and continue operations, including greater flexibility in
determining eligibility, raising loan limits, and emphasizing beginning and
socially disadvantaged producers.

Changes that will take effect immediately include:

Elimination of loan term limits for guaranteed operating loans Modification of
the definition of beginning farmer, using the average farm size for the county
as a qualifier instead of the median farm size.

Modification of the Joint Financing Direct Farm Ownership Interest Rate to 2
percent less than regular Direct Farm Ownership rate, with a floor of 2.5
percent Previously, the rate was established at 5 percent.

Increase of the maximum loan amount for Direct Farm Ownership down payments from
$225,000 to $300,000.

Elimination of rural residency requirement for Youth Loans, allowing urban youth
to benefit Debt forgiveness on Youth Loans, which will not prevent borrowers
from obtaining additional loans from the federal government.

Increase of the guarantee amount on Conservation Loans from 75 to 80 percent and
90 percent for socially disadvantaged borrowers and beginning farmers.

Microloans will not count toward loan term limits for veterans and beginning
farmers.

Additional modifications must be implemented through the rulemaking processes.
Visit the FSA Farm Bill website for detailed information and updates to farm
loan programs.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PND

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2014 The Pendleton Record


                             255 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                           November 21, 2015 Saturday
                            All_but_Toronto Edition

A sour taste for prefs

BYLINE: Barry Critchley, Financial Post

SECTION: NEWS; Off The Record; Pg. FP2

LENGTH: 567 words


The long and unpleasant times for preferred shareholders at Dominion Citrus
Income Fund, a public entity since early 2006, continue.

The latest blow - the preferred shares were issued in late 2002 by Dominion
Citrus Ltd. to help finance a takeover - occurred this month when investors were
told Dominion Citrus Ltd. (the operating company) had defaulted on a $19.258
million loan it had taken out with the income fund.

That loan - technically 10-year participating notes with very attractive terms
to the provider - was made when the income fund was formed. The notes mature on
Jan. 1, 2016. For some reason the preferred shares remained outstanding when the
income fund was formed. It's understood no income fund and few REITs have issued
preferred shares.

A few days after news of the default, the other shoe dropped: The income fund
indicated it would exercise its option to acquire Dominion Farm Produce from
Dominion Citrus Ltd. The fund secured that option in early 2014 when it agreed
to waive payments on the participating notes for 18 months. That option -
whereby the fund would pay fair market value - expired on July 1, 2015. One
obvious question: Did the operating company get a high enough price for agreeing
to that option?

The transfer - with the fund agreeing to pay fair market value - is set to close
at the end of the month. Klein Farber Corporate Finance will determine fair
value.

The fund will pay for the purchase of the farm produce division from the
outstanding interest owed on the notes and by cancelling part of the loan owed.
Calls to the fund and the operating company seeking a comment on the possible
price weren't returned. One source placed an estimate of $7 million on the unit
being acquired.

Because of the impending purchase of Dominion Farm Produce Ltd. by the income
fund there's a weakening in the underlying assets of the operating company. That
change makes the situation worse for preferred shareholders - whose claim is on
the assets of the operating company.

The looming asset sale is the latest in a series of knocks for the preferred
shareholders. For instance:

They have hardly received any dividend payments since June, 2009. At last
report, $696,000 is owing on the prefs. Because so many payments have been
missed, holders now own voting securities of the income fund;

While the prefs are in theory retractable, in practice they aren't, because the
company has invoked a section of the Business Corporations Act. That section,
Dominion said, precludes paying out the pref holders if the realizable value of
the company's assets "would be less than the aggregate of its liabilities and
stated capital of all classes."

To redress the situation, a series of lawsuits have been launched, one of which
is working its way through the courts.

The attractive terms attached to the notes - and approved by a court under a
plan of arrangement almost 10 years back - also irks the preferred shareholders.
In 2006, the base rate on the notes was set at 13 per cent with the option for
additional interest that could equal the company's taxable income. A literal
reading of the terms would indicate none of the cash could flow to the pref
holders.

No wonder they are upset at the issuer, at the courts, which approved the
transaction, and the regulators, which show no inclination to act.

bcritchley@nationalpost.com !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             256 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                           November 21, 2015 Saturday
                                National Edition

A sour taste for prefs

BYLINE: Barry Critchley, Financial Post

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Off The Record; Pg. FP2

LENGTH: 568 words


The long and unpleasant times for preferred shareholders at Dominion Citrus
Income Fund, a public entity since early 2006, continue.

The latest blow - the preferred shares were issued in late 2002 by Dominion
Citrus Ltd. to help finance a takeover - occurred this month when investors were
told Dominion Citrus Ltd. (the operating company) had defaulted on a $19.258
million loan it had taken out with the income fund.

That loan - technically 10-year participating notes with very attractive terms
to the provider - was made when the income fund was formed. The notes mature on
Jan. 1, 2016. For some reason the preferred shares remained outstanding when the
income fund was formed. It's understood no income fund and few REITs have issued
preferred shares.

A few days after news of the default, the other shoe dropped: The income fund
indicated it would exercise its option to acquire Dominion Farm Produce from
Dominion Citrus Ltd. The fund secured that option in early 2014 when it agreed
to waive payments on the participating notes for 18 months. That option -
whereby the fund would pay fair market value - expired on July 1, 2015. One
obvious question: Did the operating company get a high enough price for agreeing
to that option?

The transfer - with the fund agreeing to pay fair market value - is set to close
at the end of the month. Klein Farber Corporate Finance will determine fair
value.

The fund will pay for the purchase of the farm produce division from the
outstanding interest owed on the notes and by cancelling part of the loan owed.
Calls to the fund and the operating company seeking a comment on the possible
price weren't returned. One source placed an estimate of $7 million on the unit
being acquired.

Because of the impending purchase of Dominion Farm Produce Ltd. by the income
fund there's a weakening in the underlying assets of the operating company. That
change makes the situation worse for preferred shareholders - whose claim is on
the assets of the operating company.

The looming asset sale is the latest in a series of knocks for the preferred
shareholders. For instance: ..They have hardly received any dividend payments
since June, 2009. At last report, $696,000 is owing on the prefs. Because so
many payments have been missed, holders now own voting securities of the income
fund; ..While the prefs are in theory retractable, in practice they aren't,
because the company has invoked a section of the Business Corporations Act. That
section, Dominion said, precludes paying out the pref holders if the realizable
value of the company's assets "would be less than the aggregate of its
liabilities and stated capital of all classes."

To redress the situation, a series of lawsuits have been launched, one of which
is working its way through the courts.

The attractive terms attached to the notes - and approved by a court under a
plan of arrangement almost 10 years back - also irks the preferred shareholders.
In 2006, the base rate on the notes was set at 13 per cent with the option for
additional interest that could equal the company's taxable income. A literal
reading of the terms would indicate none of the cash could flow to the pref
holders.

No wonder they are upset at the issuer, at the courts, which approved the
transaction, and the regulators, which show no inclination to act.

bcritchley@nationalpost.com !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             257 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                          September 21, 2006 Thursday

Will Farm Agency Increase Its Fees for Loan Guarantees?

BYLINE: Ben Jackson

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 5 Vol. 171 No. 182

LENGTH: 636  words


The federal government's new fiscal year is less than two weeks away, but

the Agriculture Department has not decided whether to raise fees on a loan

guarantee program popular with farmers and ranchers -- and their lenders.

Borrowers, lenders, and both houses of Congress oppose a fee hike, but if

Congress does not pass an Agriculture Department appropriations bill before

adjourning to campaign for midterm elections, the department would have the

authority to raise fees on loans guaranteed by its Farm Service Agency.

If the fees are raised, borrowers who could least afford it would be

paying considerably more for loans, said Jeff Wolfgram, a vice president at

the $623 million-asset First Dakota National Bank in Yankton, S.D.

He said his bank uses the guarantees to help farmers who have run into

troubles because of higher energy costs and bad weather.

"Some of the user fee increases ... [the Agriculture Department] is

talking about implementing could be a huge hurdle to the borrower," Mr.

Wolfgram said. "We're talking about paying the government two to three times

more" to use the agency's program.

So far the Farm Service Agency is not tipping its hand. Stevin Wescott, a

spokesman for the agency, would not discuss the matter, except to say, "A

final decision is pending on the fee increase."

The agency guarantees up to 95% of a loan that a bank makes to a farmer

or a rancher. As of Aug. 31 it had guaranteed more than 9,300 farm ownership

and operating loans valued at more than $2 billion this fiscal year.

Historically, the agency's loan losses have been covered through a

congressional appropriation, but a proposal in the Bush administration's

fiscal 2007 budget would fund the losses with higher user fees instead.

The increase was proposed to make the program self-funding and reduce its

costs to the government. The change is modeled after one made to the Small

Business Administration's funding in 2004.

The American Bankers Association estimates that the Farm Service Agency's

fees, currently 90 basis points on the amount borrowed, would rise to 150

basis points for farm ownership loans and 200 basis points for operating

loans.

Bankers have been lobbying against a fee increase since it was proposed

in February.

Both the House and the Senate Agriculture Department appropriations bills

include provisions that would prohibit any future fee increases without

congressional approval. However, the two bills have not been reconciled, and

it is unlikely they will be by the time the new fiscal year begins Oct. 1.

As the law stands now, the Agriculture Department has the authority to

raise or lower fees as it sees fit.

Congress is likely to approve an appropriations bill when it returns for

a lame-duck session in November, but under the current bills it would have

the authority only to prevent future fee increases.

Still, Nancy Baerwald, a vice president with the $39 million-asset

CountryBank USA in Cando, N.D., said she hopes that the Agriculture

Department abandons the idea to raise fees in the face of congressional

opposition.

All of North Dakota's counties have been declared disaster areas, because

some parts of the state have gotten too much rain, while others have not

received enough, she said.

"A lot of the help is coming across in low-interest loans or guaranteed

loans. Assessing a [higher] fee is just penalizing the very people who are

struggling to survive as it is," Ms. Baerwald said.

Gary Sipiorski, the president of the $111 million-asset Citizens State

Bank of Loyal, Wis., said his dairy farmer customers are getting 1975 prices

for their milk but are facing 2006 costs.

The Farm Service Agency's guarantees let banks like his make low-interest

loans to risky borrowers, and higher fees would make it harder for borrowers

to pay off their loans, he said.

http://www.americanbanker.com http://www.sourcemedia.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: a


                        Copyright 2006 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             258 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Farm Weekly

                             May 28, 2015 Thursday

Last chance looms for concessional loans

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 194 words


WA Agriculture and Food Minister Ken Baston has urged farm businesses to act
soon on farm concessional loans.

The application period for Farm Finance and the Drought Concessional Loans,
funded by the Australian Government and administered in WA by the State's Rural
Business Development Corporation, close on June 30.

Mr Baston said Drought Concessional Loans could be used for debt restructuring,
operating expenses and drought recovery and preparedness activities, while Farm
Finance Concessional Loans could be used for debt restructuring and productivity
enhancements.

"These loans are designed to assist businesses that are experiencing tough
financial conditions," Mr Baston said.

"I remind farm business owners and operators who are interested in applying not
to self-assess their eligibility, but make the free phone call to assessors."

The schemes offer eligible farm businesses loans of up to $1 million at
concessional rates.

Eligible farming activities include broadacre, pastoral, horticulture, dairy,
intensive agriculture and aquaculture.

Loan applications for both schemes will close at 5pm on June 30, or when funds
are fully committed, whichever is sooner.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             259 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 3, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Hoeven Working to Ensure EAS for Dickinson, Support Farmers and
Ranchers, Create Strong Business Climate, Advance Energy Industry

LENGTH: 1095  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator John Hoeven has issued the following news
release:



 Senator John Hoeven today hosted a roundtable discussion with the Dickinson
Area Chamber of Commerce to brief community leaders on his efforts in Washington
and to gather input from chamber members on their priorities. He outlined his
work to ensure continued air service to Dickinson; help North Dakota farmers and
ranchers; create a strong business climate for small business; and advance the
energy industry in North Dakota.





 - WORKING TO ENSURE ESSENTIAL AIR SERVICE FOR DICKINSON AIRPORT



 Hoeven has requested expedited approval from the federal Department of
Transportation (DOT) and encouraged United Airlines to apply for Essential Air
Service (EAS) to ensure that Dickinson continues to have service to Denver. On
June 29, 2016 United Airlines filed notice of its intent to terminate commercial
air service at Dickinson effective September 27, 2016. The DOT requested
proposals from eligible airlines interested in providing EAS at Dickson and
issued an order prohibiting United from terminating service until the conclusion
of the Essential Air Service selection.



 The senator subsequently wrote to DOT Secretary Anthony Foxx asking him to
expedite awarding an EAS contract to ensure that there is not a disruption in
air service at Dickinson Airport. The senator followed up this week with a call
to United Airlines officials encouraging them to apply for EAS service at
Dickinson by the submission deadline, August 15.



 - WORKING TO HELP NORTH DAKOTA FARMERS AND RANCHERS



 Capital for Farmers and Ranchers Act



 Hoeven last month introduced the Capital for Farmers and Ranchers Act with
cosponsor Senator Amy Klobuchar (D-Minn.). The legislation will:



 o Increase the maximum loan amount that an individual farmer or rancher is able
to receive under the Farm Service Agency's Direct and Guaranteed Loan Programs
for Farm Operating Loans and Farm Ownership Loans.

 o Help producers weather the downturn. For example, it increases the FSA loan
guarantee amount, which will now cover up to $2.5 million, up from $1.39
million. The bill will also double the amount on Direct Operating and Direct
Farm Ownership Loans from $300,000 to $600,000.



 - CREATING A GOOD BUSINESS CLIMATE FOR FARMERS, RANCHERS AND SMALL BUSINESS



 o Waters of the U.S. (WOTUS): The Fiscal Year (FY) 2016 funding bill prevented
the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) from reinstating the Waters of the
U.S. Interpretive Rule, which preserves the general ag exemption from the Clean
Water Act for farmers and ranchers. As an Appropriations Committee member,
Hoeven included language in the FY 2017 appropriations bill for the Dept. of
Interior and Environmental Protection Agency preventing the EPA from
implementing its WOTUS rule next year as well. Last week, the senator called on
the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to comply with the nationwide stay on
implementing the WOTUS rule by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit.

 o Worked to Secure More Than $680 Billion in Tax Relief in the FY 2016 funding
bill: Permanently extends Section 179 with the $500,000 limitation, a provision
of the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) tax code that allows farmers, ranchers and
other small businesses to expense the purchase of equipment they need to run
their operations. In addition, the measure extends the bonus depreciation
allowance for five years.



 - WORKING TO ADVANCE THE ENERGY INDUSTRY IN NORTH DAKOTA



 o Lifted the Ban on Oil Exports - Hoeven, who serves on the Energy Committee,
cosponsored bipartisan legislation lifting the ban and worked to include it in
the year-end funding bill.

 o The Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2016 includes the following Hoeven
provisions. The measure has passed both chambers and is now in conference
committee.



 o Bureau of Land Management (BLM) Spacing Act - The legislation directs BLM to
establish a pilot program wherein a federal permit is not required when 25
percent or less of the minerals are owned or held in trust by the federal
government and there is no federal surface land.

 o All-of-the-Above Federal Building Energy Act - Improves the energy efficiency
of federal buildings by allowing the continued use of efficient fuels like
natural gas, which would otherwise be phased out.

 o Homeowners Furnace Flexibility Act - Allows newly installed gas furnaces to
be vented through a chimney, rather than a wall, as required in a new proposed
rule by the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE). The DOE's proposed rule would have
increased the cost of purchasing a new furnace by $350 and the cost of
installing a new furnace by $1,500 to $2,200. This legislation will save
homeowners that additional expense.

 o Non-Profit Energy Efficiency - Introduced by Hoeven and Senator Amy
Klobuchar, this bill creates a new pilot program at the DOE to provide matching
grants up to $200,000 to non-profit organizations to help make buildings they
own and operate more energy efficient.



 - WORKING TO ADDRESS THE OPIOID EPIDEMIC



 o This week, Hoeven unveiled legislation he authored to keep harmful and
addictive synthetic drugs from being sold in the United States. The Illegal
Synthetic Drug Safety Act of 2016, which Hoeven recently introduced with Senator
Chris Coons (D-Del.) closes a loophole in current law that enables companies to
circumvent the law and sell synthetic variations of drugs, like the powerful
drug fentanyl, by labeling the products as "not for human consumption."

 o Laboratories, many of which are found in China, are altering the molecular
structure of fentanyl and other controlled drugs to make substances that are
technically different, but with the same dangerous risks as the original drug.
These chemically altered substances are known as analogues.

 o For example, fentanyl is a synthetic opioid drug that is medically used as a
pain killer. The Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) estimates that it is 50
times more potent than heroin and 100 times more potent than morphine. While
fentanyl is a controlled substance, laboratories are altering its molecular
structure to make variations of the drug that are technically different, but
just as dangerous. Companies are then able to sell the variations, or analogues,
under a "not for human consumption" label.

 o The Illegal Synthetic Drug Safety Act of 2016 closes that loophole.

 o The measure has been endorsed by the Federal Law Enforcement Officers
Association.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             260 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          Copyright 2017 W/D Partners
                                   Worldscope

                                 March 26, 2017

                    FEDERAL FARM CREDIT BANKS FUNDING CORP.

                             101 Hudson St Ste 3505
                          JERSEY CITY,  NJ 07302-3944
                                 UNITED STATES

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: +1 201 200-8131
FAX: +1 201 200-8109
URL: http://www.farmcreditfunding.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
DISCLO NUMBER: F178988375
WORLDSCOPE NUMBER: C840C08L0

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
OPERATING STATUS: ACTIVE
EMPLOYEES: 13,336

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
OFFICERS:

     ·    J. Less Guthrie, Chairman
     ·    Robert B. Engel, Vice Chairman
     ·    Jamie B. Stewart, President & Chief Executive
     ·    Allison M. Finnegan, Senior Vice President, Secretary & General
          Counsel


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Federal Farm Credit Banks Funding Corporation specializes in providing
financing and related services to eligible, creditworthy borrowers in the
agricultural and rural sectors, to certain related entities, and to domestic or
foreign parties in connection with international agricultural trade
transactions. The Company makes credit available in all 50 states, the
Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and the United States territories. The Farm Credit
System is a federally chartered network of interdependent, borrower-owned
lending institutions (Banks and Associations) and affiliated service
organizations. As of December 31, 2009, the System consisted of four Farm Credit
Banks (AgFirst FCB; AgriBank, FCB; FCB of Texas; and U.S. AgBank, FCB) and their
affiliated Associations, one Agricultural Credit Bank (CoBank, ACB) and its
affiliated Associations, the Federal Farm Credit Banks Funding Corporation
(Funding Corporation) and various service and other organizations.
INDUSTRY TYPE: OTHER FINANCIAL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC CODES:
6141 - Personal credit institutions
6231 - Security and commodity exchanges
WORLDSCOPE INDUSTRY GROUP:
4390 - PERSONAL LOAN

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: 12/2013




                              KEY FINANCIALS (USD)

                                  12/31/13          12/31/12          12/31/11
COMMON EQTY                 40,132,000,000    36,552,000,000    11,444,000,000
COMMON EQTY - CURR          43,257,000,000                 -                 -
TOTAL ASSETS               260,782,000,000   246,664,000,000   204,998,000,000
SALES                        8,643,000,000     8,585,000,000     5,421,000,000
NET INCOME                   4,640,000,000     4,118,000,000     1,822,000,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *



                               ASSETS (000's USD)

                                      12/31/13        12/31/12        12/31/11
CASH & SHORT TERM INVESTMENTS        4,365,000       3,394,000               -
CASH                                 4,365,000       3,394,000               -
RECEIVABLES(NET)                             0               0               -
TOTAL INVESTMENTS                  250,846,000     237,393,000               -
LOANS - NET                        199,822,000     190,561,000  157,555,000[D]
LOANS - TOTAL[D]                   201,060,000     191,904,000     157,997,000
RESERVE FOR LOAN LOSSES              1,238,000       1,343,000         442,000
OTHER INVESTMENTS                   51,024,000      46,832,000               -
INVESTMNT IN ASSOCIATED COS                  0               0               0
PROPERTY, PLANT & EQUIP - NET        1,093,000       1,123,000               0
OTHER ASSETS - TOTAL                 4,478,000       4,754,000               -
DEFERRED CHARGES                             0               0               -
OTHER TANGIBLE ASSETS                4,478,000       4,754,000               -
TOTAL INTANGIBLE OT ASSETS-NET               0               0               0
TOTAL ASSETS                       260,782,000     246,664,000     204,998,000

   [D]: INCLUDES INTERBANK LOANS

   [D]: NET OF UNEARNED INCOME





                            LIABILITIES (000's USD)

                                      12/31/13        12/31/12        12/31/11
TOTAL DEBT                         213,341,000     202,872,000     186,330,000
SHORT TERM DEBT & CURRENT PORT      71,214,000      65,686,000     186,330,000
LONG TERM DEBT                     142,127,000     137,186,000               0
LONG-TERM DEBT EXCL CAP LEASES     142,127,000     137,186,000               0
CAPITALIZED LEASE OBLIGATIONS                0               0               0
DEFERRED INCOME                              0               0               -
OTHER LIABILITIES                    4,840,000       5,183,000       5,417,000
TOTAL LIABILITIES                  218,181,000     208,055,000     191,747,000




                               EQUITY (000's USD)

                                      12/31/13        12/31/12        12/31/11
NON-EQUITY RESERVES                          0               0               -
MINORITY INTEREST                            0               0               0
PREFERRED STOCK                      2,469,000       2,057,000       1,807,000
COMMON SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY         40,132,000      36,552,000      11,444,000
COMMON STOCK                         1,645,000       1,621,000       4,917,000
CAPITAL SURPLUS                        738,000         738,000               -
REVALUATION RESERVES                         0               0               -
OTHER APPROPRIATED RESERVES          (807,000)     (1,024,000)               -
RETAINED EARNINGS                   38,556,000      35,217,000       6,697,000
ESOP GUARANTEES                              0               0               -
UNREALIZED FOREIGN EXC GAN/LOS               0               0               -
UNREALZD GAIN/LOSS ON MKTB SEC               0               0               -
TREASURY STOCK                               -               0               -
TOTAL LIABILITIES & SHAREHOLDE     260,782,000     246,664,000     204,998,000

* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
(000's USD)                           12/31/13        12/31/12        12/31/11
NET SALES OR REVENUES                8,643,000       8,585,000       5,421,000
INTEREST INCOME - TOTAL              8,631,000       8,578,000       5,157,000
INVESTMENT INCOME                       12,000           7,000               -
OTHER OPERATING INCOME                       0               0         264,000
COST OF GOODS SOLD (EXCL DEP)        (206,000)       (213,000)               -
INTEREST EXPENSE - TOTAL             1,957,000       2,101,000       2,619,000
SELLING, GENERAL & ADMINISTRAT       1,723,000       1,622,000               -
DEPRECIATION/DEPLETION/AMORT            90,000          86,000               -
PROVISION FOR LOAN LOSSES             (31,000)         313,000         163,000
OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES               634,000         592,000               -
OPERATING EXPENSES - TOTAL           4,167,000       4,501,000               -
OPERATING INCOME                     4,476,000       4,084,000       2,100,000
PRETAX EQUITY IN EARNINGS                    0               0               0
EXTRAORDINARY CREDIT - PRETAX            2,000          15,000               -
EXTRAORDINARY CHARGE - PRETAX           87,000         218,000          82,000
OTHER INCOME/EXPENSE - NET             470,000         459,000               0
PRETAX INCOME                        4,861,000       4,340,000       2,018,000
INCOME TAXES                           221,000         222,000         196,000
CURRENT DOMESTIC INCOME TAX            150,000         227,000               -
DEFERRED DOMESTIC INC TAX               71,000         (5,000)               -
MINORITY INTEREST                            0               0               0
EQUITY IN EARNINGS                           0               0               0
AFTER TAX OTHER INCOME/EXPENSE               0               0               -
DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS                      0               0               -
NET INC BEFORE EXTRA/PFD DIVS        4,640,000       4,118,000       1,822,000
EXTRA ITEMS & GAIN/LOSS SALE O               0               0               0
NET INCOME BEFORE PREFERRED DI       4,640,000       4,118,000       1,822,000
PREFERRED DIVIDEND REQUIREMENT               0               -               0
NET INCOME - BASIC                   4,640,000       4,118,000       1,822,000
NET INCOME AVAILABLE TO COMMON       4,640,000       4,118,000       1,822,000

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
(000's USD)                           12/31/13        12/31/12        12/31/11
NET INCOME/STARTING LINE             4,640,000       4,118,000               -
DEPRECIATION, DEPLETION & AMOR          90,000          86,000               -
DEPRECIATION AND DEPLETION              90,000          86,000               -
TOTAL OTHER CASH FLOW                (141,000)         218,000               -
FUNDS FROM OPERATIONS                4,589,000       4,422,000    1,985,000[E]
EXTRAORDINARY ITEMS                          0               0               -
TOTAL SOURCES                      398,065,000     397,378,000               -
TOTAL USES                         398,065,000     397,378,000               -
FUNDS-OTHER OPER ACTIVITIES           (68,000)         107,000               -
DECREASE/INCREASE RECEIVABLES         (51,000)          82,000               -
DECREASE/INCR OTH ASTS/LIABILT        (17,000)          25,000               -
NET CASH FLOW-OPERATING ACTIVS       4,521,000       4,529,000               -
CAPITAL EXPENDITURES                   186,000         172,000               -
ADDITIONS TO OTHER ASSETS                    0               0               -
NET ASSETS FROM ACQUISITIONS                 0               0               -
INCREASE IN INVESTMENTS             19,465,000      20,131,000               -
DECREASE IN INVESTMENTS             15,121,000      18,541,000               -
DISPOSAL OF FIXED ASSETS               239,000         196,000               -
OTHER USE/(SOURCE) - INVESTING       9,397,000      16,954,000               -
OTHER USES - INVESTING               9,546,000      17,319,000               -
OTHER SOURCES - INVESTING              149,000         365,000               -
NET CASH FLOW - INVESTING           13,688,000      18,520,000               -
NET PROCEEDS FROM SALE/ISSUE C         815,000         469,000               -
PROCEEDS FROM STOCK OPTIONS                  0               0               -
OTHER PROCEEDS FROM SALE/ISSUA         815,000         469,000               -
COM/PFD PURCHASED, RETIRED, CO         589,000         749,000               -
LONG TERM BORROWINGS               378,061,000     370,857,000               -
REDUCTION IN LONG TERM DEBT        367,161,000     357,722,000               -
CASH DIVIDENDS PAID - TOTAL            127,000         134,000               -
COMMON DIVIDENDS (CASH)                      0               0               -
PREFERRED DIVIDENDS (CASH)             127,000         134,000               -
OTHER SOURCE (USE) - FINANCING       (861,000)       (816,000)               -
OTHER SOURCES - FINANCING              130,000         335,000               -
OTHER USES - FINANCING                 991,000       1,151,000               -
NET CASH FLOW - FINANCING           10,138,000      11,905,000               -
INCREASE/DECREASE IN CASH/SHOR         971,000     (2,086,000)               -

   [E]: ESTIMATED


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
(000's USD)                           12/31/13        12/31/12        12/31/11
STAFF COSTS                          1,602,000       1,458,000               -
INTEREST EXPENSE ON DEBT             1,957,000       2,101,000               -
INTEREST CAPITALIZED                         0               0               -
NET INTEREST INCOME                          -               -       2,538,000
NET INCOME - DILUTED                 4,640,000       4,118,000       1,822,000
OPTG PROVISIONS                       (16,000)        (25,000)               -
DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS-PRETAX               0               0               -
TOTAL CAPITAL                      184,728,000     175,795,000      13,251,000
EARNINGS BEF INTEREST & TAXES        6,818,000       6,441,000               -

(000's USD)                           12/31/13        12/31/12        12/31/11
TOTAL INVENTORIES                            0               0               -
SEC PURCHASED-RESALE AGREEMENT       1,078,000         918,000               -

(000's USD)                           12/31/13        12/31/12        12/31/11
NON-CONVERTIBLE DEBT               142,127,000     137,186,000               -
CONVERTIBLE DEBT                             0               0               -
EXTERNAL FINANCING                  11,126,000      12,855,000               -
GOODWILL WRITTEN OFF                         0               0               -
UNFUNDED PENSION LIAB-SUPPLEMT         651,000       1,128,000               -

                                      12/31/13        12/31/12        12/31/11
NET SALES/REVENUES -1YR ANN GR            0.68           58.37          (4.91)
OPERATING INCOME - 1 YR ANNUAL            9.60           94.48          (1.22)
NET INCOME - 1 YR ANNUAL GROWT           12.68          126.02          (3.85)
TOTAL ASSETS - 1 YR ANNUAL GRO            5.72           20.33          (0.98)
EQUITY - 1 YR                             9.79          219.40            8.28
EMPLOYEES - 1 YR ANNUAL GROWTH            2.82               -               -
DIVIDENDS PER SHARE - 1 YR                0.00            0.00            0.00
LOANS - 1 YR GROWTH RATE                  4.77           21.46          (1.66)
NET MARGIN - 1 YR GROWTH RATE            11.92           42.72            1.11

                                      12/31/13        12/31/12        12/31/11
TOTAL DEBT % COMMON EQUITY - 5        1,287.57        1,633.12        1,920.93
LONG TERM DEBT % COM EQTY 5 YR          145.89           75.06            0.00
TOTAL DEBT % TOTAL CAP - 5 YR            89.78           92.11           94.20
LONG TERM DEBT % TOT CAP-5 YR            31.00           15.61            0.00
MINORITY INTEREST % TOTAL CAPI            0.00            0.00            0.00
EQUITY % TOTAL CAPITAL - 5 YR            60.04           72.47           85.40
PREFERRED STOCK % TOTAL CAPITA            8.97           11.92           14.60
TOTAL DEBT % TOTAL ASSETS - 5            87.77           89.85           91.90
COMMON EQUITY % TOTAL ASSETS -            9.14            6.87            4.84
TOTAL CAPITAL % ASSETS - 5 YR            32.02           18.83            5.66
TOTAL LOANS % TOTAL ASSETS - 5           77.54           77.45           77.50
FIXED ASSETS % COMMON EQUITY -            1.16            0.61            0.00
LOSS RESERVES %TOT CAPITAL-5YR            2.55            3.27            4.12

                                      12/31/13        12/31/12        12/31/11
RETURN ON EQUITY -TOTAL-5 YR                 -               -           16.00
RETURN ON ASSETS - 5 YR AVG               1.47            1.13            0.77
RETURN ON INVESTED CAPITAL - 5            1.50            1.16            0.79
CASH EARN RET ON EQTY - 5 YR             17.52           18.45           17.30
CASH FLOW/SALES - 5 YR AVG               40.68           33.33           25.21
OPERATING PROFIT MARGIN - 5 YR           40.57           33.47           26.36
OPERATING INCOME/TOTAL CAPITAL           11.59           13.90           15.48
PRETAX MARGIN - 5 YR AVG                 41.31           33.32           25.61
TAX RATE - 5 YR AVG                       7.49            8.53            9.34
NET MARGIN - 5 YR                        38.45           30.65           23.25
EFFICIENCY OF EARNING ASSET-5Y               -               -            3.75

                                      12/31/13        12/31/12        12/31/11
TOTAL ASSET TURNOVER - 5 YR AV            0.03            0.03            0.04
TOTAL LOANS % TOTAL ASSETS - 5           77.54           77.45           77.50

                                      12/31/13        12/31/12        12/31/11
NET SALES/REVS -5YR ANN GROWTH            1.57          (0.43)          (5.68)
OPERATING INCOME - 5 YR ANNUAL           28.01           31.06           18.31
NET INCOME - 5 YR ANNUAL GROWT           31.61           33.84           17.34
TOTAL ASSETS - 5 YR ANNUAL GRO            6.04            8.04            7.13
EQUITY - 5 YR ANNUAL GROWTH              38.27           36.30            9.23
LOANS - 5 YR GROWTH RATE                  6.17            7.97            7.14
NET MARGIN - 5 YR GROWTH RATE            29.58           34.42           24.41

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
                                      12/31/13        12/31/12        12/31/11
TOTAL DEBT % COMMON EQUITY              531.60          555.02        1,628.19
TOTAL ASSETS/COMMON EQUITY                6.50            6.75           17.91
LONG TERM DEBT % COMMON EQUITY          354.15          375.32            0.00
TOTAL DEBT % TOTAL CAPITAL/STD           83.36           84.01           93.36
LONG TERM DEBT % TOTAL CAPITAL           76.94           78.04            0.00
MINORITY INTEREST % TOTAL CAPI            0.00            0.00            0.00
EQUITY % TOTAL CAPITAL                   21.72           20.79           86.36
PREFERRED STOCK % TOTAL CAPITA            1.34            1.17           13.64
TOTAL DEBT % TOTAL ASSETS                81.81           82.25           90.89
COMMON EQTY % TOTAL ASSETS               15.39           14.82            5.58
TOTAL CAPITAL % ASSETS                   70.84           71.27            6.46
TOTAL LOANS % TOTAL ASSETS               77.10           77.80           77.07
INVESTED ASSETS % ASSETS                 96.19           96.24               -
INVESTED ASSETS % LIABILITIES           114.97          114.10               -
DIVIDEND PAYOUT (% EARNINGS)              0.00               -               -
FIXED CHARGE COVERAGE RATIO               3.48            3.07               -
OPERATING CASH/FIXED CHARGES              2.34            2.10               -
FIXED ASSETS % COMMON EQUITY              2.72            3.07            0.00
EBIT/INTEREST EXPENSE                     3.48            3.07               -
RES FOR LOAN LOSS%TOT CAPITAL             0.67            0.76            3.34

                                      12/31/13        12/31/12        12/31/11
RETURN ON EQUITY - TOTAL (%)             12.10               -           16.55
REINVESTMENT RATE (EEG)/TOT 1Y           12.10               -               -
RETURN ON ASSETS                          2.33            2.43            0.88
RETURN ON INVESTED CAPITAL                2.38            2.49            0.91
CASH EARNS RETURN ON EQUITY              11.97           18.43           18.03
CASH FLOW/SALES                          53.09           51.51           36.62
COST OF GOODS SOLD/SALES                (2.38)          (2.48)               -
SELLING, GENERAL & ADM / SALES           19.94           18.89               -
OPERATING PROFIT MARGIN                  51.79           47.57           38.74
OPERATING INCOME/TOTAL CAPITAL            2.48            4.32           16.39
PRETAX MARGIN                            56.24           50.55           37.23
TAX RATE                                  4.55            5.12            9.71
INTEREST RATE                             0.92            1.04               -
EFFICIENCY OF EARNING ASSETS                 -               -            2.61
NET MARGIN                               53.69           47.97           33.61
EARN ASSETS % ASSETS                     96.19           96.24               -
SALES PER EMPLOYEE                  648,095.38      661,912.10               -

                                      12/31/13        12/31/12        12/31/11
ASSETS PER EMPLOYEE              19,554,739.05   19,018,041.63               -
TOTAL ASSET TURNOVER                      0.03            0.03            0.03
TOTAL LOANS % TOTAL ASSETS               77.10           77.80           77.07
INVESTED ASSETS % ASSETS                 96.19           96.24               -
CAPITAL EXPENDT % TOTAL ASSETS            0.08            0.08               -
CAPITAL EXPENDT % TOTAL SALES             2.15            2.00               -

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: PriceWaterhouseCoopers
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
USD 11,340,000
Unqualified

ACCOUNTING PRACTICES FOR FISCAL YEAR ENDING 12/31/13
ACCOUNTING METHOD FOR LONG TERM INVESTMENT >50%: All subsidiaries are
consolidated
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOLLOWED: US standards (GAAP)
ACCOUNTING PRACTICES FOR FISCAL YEAR ENDING 12/31/12
ACCOUNTING METHOD FOR LONG TERM INVESTMENT >50%: All subsidiaries are
consolidated
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOLLOWED: US standards (GAAP)
ACCOUNTING PRACTICES FOR FISCAL YEAR ENDING 12/31/11
ACCOUNTING METHOD FOR LONG TERM INVESTMENT >50%: All subsidiaries are
consolidated
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOLLOWED: US standards (GAAP)

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2017


                             261 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Heppner Gazette-Times (Oregon)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 26, 2014

Agriculture secretary announces more opportunity for producers in new Farm Bill

BYLINE: Heppner Gazette-Times staff

LENGTH: 250  words


WASHINGTON-- Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack Monday announced increased
opportunity for producers as a result of the 2014 Farm Bill.

The Farm Bill expands lending opportunities for many of farmers and ranchers to
begin and continue operations, including greater flexibility in determining
eligibility, raising loan limits, and emphasizing beginning and socially
disadvantaged producers.

Changes that will take effect immediately include:

Elimination of loan term limits for guaranteed operating loans;

Modification of the definition of beginning farmer, using the average farm size
for the county as a qualifier instead of the median farm size;

Modification of the Joint Financing Direct Farm Ownership Interest Rate to two
percent less than regular Direct Farm Ownership rate, with a floor of 2.5
percent Previously, the rate was established at five percent;

Increase of the maximum loan amount for Direct Farm Ownership down payments from
$225,000 to $300,000;

Elimination of rural residency requirement for Youth Loans, allowing urban youth
to benefit;

Debt forgiveness on Youth Loans, which will not prevent borrowers from obtaining
additional loans from the federal government;

Increase of the guarantee amount on Conservation Loans from 75 to 80 percent and
90 percent for socially disadvantaged borrowers and beginning farmers;

Microloans will not count toward loan term limits for veterans and beginning
farmers.

Visit the FSA Farm Bill website for detailed information and updates to farm
loan programs.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HGT

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2014 Heppner Gazette-Times


                             262 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                             April 14, 2014 Monday

New farm bill adds opportunity for NM farmers

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 292 words


WASHINGTON >> Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced increased opportunity
for producers as a result of the 2014 Farm Bill. A fact sheet outlining
modifications to the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Farm Service Agency
(FSA) Farm Loan Programs is available at: www.fsa.usda.gov/FSA/ .

"Our nation's farmers and ranchers are the engine of the rural economy. These
improvements to our Farm Loan Programs will help a new generation begin farming
and grow existing farm operations," said Secretary Vilsack. "Today's
announcement represents just one part of a series of investments the new Farm
Bill makes in the next generation of agriculture, which is critical to economic
growth in communities across the country."

The Farm Bill expands lending opportunities for thousands of farmers and
ranchers to begin and continue operations, including greater flexibility in
determining eligibility, raising loan limits, and emphasizing beginning and
socially disadvantaged producers.

Changes that will take effect immediately include:

Elimination of loan term limits for guaranteed operating loans.

Modification of the definition of beginning farmer, using the average farm size
for the county as a qualifier instead of the median farm size.

Modification of the Joint Financing Direct Farm Ownership Interest Rate to 2
percent less than regular Direct Farm Ownership rate, with a floor of 2.5
percent. Previously, the rate was established at 5 percent.

Increase of the maximum loan amount for Direct Farm Ownership down payments from
$225,000 to $300,000.

Elimination of rural residency requirement for Youth Loans, allowing urban youth
to benefit.

Debt forgiveness on Youth Loans, which will not prevent borrowers from obtaining
additional loans.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Vilsack

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2014 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             263 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    Clinch Valley Times (St. Paul, Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 10, 2014

Increased opportunity for producers as part of the New Farm Bill for 2014

BYLINE: Clinch Valley Times staff

LENGTH: 357  words


WASHINGTON -- Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced increased opportunity
for producers as a result of the 2014 Farm Bill. A fact sheet outlining
modifications to the U.S. Department of

Agriculture's (USDA) Farm Service Agency (FSA) Farm Loan Programs is available
here.

"Our nation's farmers and ranchers are the engine of the rural economy. These
improvements to our Farm Loan Programs will help a new generation begin farming
and grow existing farm operations," said Secretary Vilsack. "This announcement
represents just one part of a series of investments the new Farm Bill makes in
the next generation of agriculture, which is critical to economic growth in
communities across the country."

The Farm Bill expands lending opportunities for thousands of farmers and
ranchers to begin and continue operations, including greater flexibility in
determining eligibility, raising loan limits, and emphasizing beginning and
socially disadvantaged producers.

Changes that will take effect immediately include:

-Elimination of loan term limits for guaranteed operating loans.

-Modification of the definition of beginning farmer, using the average farm size
for the county as a qualifier instead of the median farm size.

-Modification of the Joint Financing Direct Farm Ownership Interest Rate to 2
percent less than regular Direct Farm Ownership rate, with a floor of 2.5
percent. Previously, the rate was established at 5 percent.

-Increase of the maximum loan amount for Direct Farm Ownership down payments
from $225,000 to $300,000.

-Elimination of rural residency requirement for Youth Loans, allowing urban
youth to benefit.

-Debt forgiveness on Youth Loans, which will not prevent borrowers from
obtaining additional loans from the federal government.

-Increase of the guarantee amount on Conservation Loans from 75 to 80 percent
and 90 percent for socially disadvantaged borrowers and beginning farmers.

-Microloans will not count toward loan term limits for veterans and beginning
farmers.

Additional modifications must be implemented through the rulemaking processes.
Visit the FSA Farm Bill website for information and updates to farm loan
programs.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CVT

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2014 Clinch Valley Times


                             264 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                January 10, 2017

                        HAYLOFT HOLDINGS (WALES) LIMITED

                                   FOLLY FARM
                                    BEGELLY
                                    KILGETTY
                               KILGETTY SA68 0XA


TRADE ADDRESS: Folly Farm Begelly, KILGETTY SA68 0XA

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 08010198

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: March 28, 2012
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 143

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name                  Turnove
No.                                                 r
10501231        PENGUIN COAST LIMITED               0
09893296        FOLLY FARM HOLIDAY VILLAGE          0
                LTD
04083584        FOLLY FARM LEISURE LIMITED          0
-               -                                   -
-               -                                   -
-               -                                   -
-               -                                   -
-               -                                   -
-               -                                   -
-               -                                   -

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Glyndwr George John Williams, Director
     ·    Christopher Keith Ebsworth, Director
     ·    Karina Jayne Ebsworth, Director
     ·    Janet Anne Williams, Director


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Activities of other holding companies n.e.c.
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated HCO

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
64209

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: February 29, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: February 28

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  February 29, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Group
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  November 29, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  March 28, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  180,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           29/02/201 28/02/201 28/02/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            8,514,781 7,688,237 5,740,568
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                         8,514,781 7,688,237 5,740,568
Stocks                                       160,201   195,710   159,734
Debtors                                       36,112    10,072     3,858
Cash                                         184,327   244,034   387,663
Miscellaneous Current Assets                  93,210   103,062    86,497
Other Current Assets                         277,537   347,096   474,160
Total Current Assets                         473,850   552,878   637,752
Fixed Assets                               8,514,781 7,688,237 5,740,568
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               8,988,631 8,241,115 6,378,320



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           29/02/201 28/02/201 28/02/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                    334,957   302,459   284,545
Bank Overdraft                                89,984   130,600    88,000
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            341,556   351,900   428,614
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                      88,351    55,787    64,424
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                     88,351    55,787    61,985
Other Current Liabilities                    253,205   296,113   364,190
Short Term Loans                             178,335   186,387   152,424
Long Term Loans                              943,722 1,081,259   201,912
Long Term Bank Loan                          943,722 1,081,259   201,912
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                   50,000   180,000    77,899
Total Current Liabilities                    766,497   784,959   801,159
Total Long Term Liabilities                  993,722 1,261,259   279,811
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          1,760,219 2,046,218 1,080,970
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry           400,006   400,006   400,006
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve              6,828,406 5,794,891 4,897,344
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                          7,228,412 6,194,897 5,297,350
Called Up Share Capital                      400,006   400,006   400,006
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 8,222,134 7,456,156 5,577,161


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   29/02/201 28/02/201 28/02/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales        6,669,458 6,076,099 5,050,371
Cost of Sales      3,365,411 3,082,123 2,737,943
Gross Profit       3,304,047 2,993,976 2,312,428
Operating Profit   1,383,727 1,308,630 1,025,521
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income      2,144     2,468     3,316
Interest Payable      24,457    20,419     7,917
Pretax Profit      1,361,414 1,290,679 1,020,920
Taxation              57,899   262,520   220,081
Profit After Tax   1,303,515 1,028,159   800,839
Dividends Payable    270,000   130,612   196,078
Retained Profits   1,033,515   897,547   604,761
Value Added        3,692,095 3,338,668 2,766,215
Capital Employed   8,222,134 7,456,156 5,577,161
Net Worth          7,228,412 6,194,897 5,297,350
Working Capital      -292647   -232081   -163407
Emp. Renumeration  1,976,365 1,762,906 1,533,903
Dir. Renumeration    133,776    91,101    38,995
Audit Fees             5,000     5,000     5,000
Non-audit Fees             -    10,800    21,600
Depreciation         332,003   267,132   206,791
Number of                143       135       122
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                               29/02/201 28/02/201 28/02/201
                                                       6         5         4
                                                     GBP       GBP       GBP
Net Cashflow From Operating Activities         1,727,589 1,550,761 1,226,406
Net Cashflow From Return On Investment And       -292313   -148563   -200679
Servicing Of Finance
Net Cashflow Before Financing                    118,446  -1063136   452,596
Net Cashflow From Financing                      -178737   919,507    -81291
Increase In Cash                                  -60291   -143629   371,305

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                9.77  32.06  57.85
Pretax               5.48  33.35 212.71
Total Assets         9.07  40.92  55.62
Current Assets     -14.29  -25.7  81.79
Current             -2.35  -4.33  16.22
Liabilities
Capital Employed    10.27  47.43   60.7
Employee Wages      12.11  28.85   41.4
Number of            5.93  17.21  28.83
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 6,246 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
74159 Management activities of other non financial
holding companies



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -1.66      .29    12.97
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -2.02        0     7.41
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                            -14.63     4.39    81.25
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                  0      .11    18.52
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       26.23        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .02      .87      2.9
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)             -510.58 28,506.6 50,448.1
                                                                   1        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  20,279.0 33,217.3   72,000
                                                          3        9
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                         0 42,572.6 164,128.
                                                                   3        9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  57.84    30.66    16.01



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  9
=        6
Year -1  9
=        2
Year -2  9
=        0
Year -3  -
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                9/02/201 28/02/201 28/02/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)               16.56     17.31     18.31
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                         15.15     15.66     16.01
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)             18.83     20.83     19.27
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                          20.41     21.24     20.21
Sales / Total Assets (%)                            74.2     73.73     79.18
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                            0.78      0.79      0.88
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                        -4.39     -3.82     -3.24
Sales / Stocks                                     41.63     31.05     31.62
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )      1.98      0.61      0.28
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                0.62       0.7       0.8
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.41      0.46       0.6
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                         15.52     20.46      6.69
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                    0.8      0.75      0.83
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                     13.06     17.45      3.81
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                  1.76      1.56      0.77
Current Liabilities / Stocks                        4.78      4.01      5.02
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees     13,820.7 13,058.56 12,572.98
(GBP)                                                  3
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                  29.63     29.01     30.37
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)       9,520.38  9,560.59   8,368.2
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)               46,639.5 45,008.14 41,396.48
                                                       7
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees          57,497.4 55,230.79 45,714.43
                                                       4
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        59,543.9  56,949.9 47,053.84
                                                       2
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        62,857.5  61,045.3 52,281.31
                                                       6
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                    36.87     38.66     36.91
Value Added / Sales (%)                            55.36     54.95     54.77
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)         25,818.8 24,730.87 22,673.89
                                                       5
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                 1.87      1.89       1.8
Sales / Audit Fees                              1,333.89  1,215.22  1,010.07
Total Assets / Audit Fees                       1,797.73  1,648.22  1,275.66
Creditors / Debtors                                 9.28     30.03     73.75
Total Debt / Working Capital                       -3.83     -5.46     -2.17
Total Debt / Total Assets                           0.12      0.15      0.06

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 8,222,134

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Broomfield & Alexander Ltd

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2017


                             265 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



              The Lake Metigoshe Mirror (Bottineau, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 9, 2014

Farm Bill increases opportunities for farmers

BYLINE: The Lake Metigoshe Mirror staff

LENGTH: 356  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vil-sack announced increased opportunity for producers
as a result of the 2014 Farm Bill. A fact sheet outlining modifications to the
U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Farm Service Agency (FSA) Farm Loan
Programs is available here.

"Our nation's farmers and ranchers are the engine of the rural economy," said
Secretary Vilsack. "These improvements to our Farm Loan Programs will help a new
generation begin farming and grow existing farm operations. This announcement
represents just one part of a series of investments the new Farm Bill makes in
the next generation of agriculture, which is critical to economic growth in
communities across the country."

The Farm Bill expands lending opportunities for thousands of farmers and
ranchers to begin and continue operations, including greater flexibility in
determining eligibility, raising loan limits, and emphasizing beginning and
socially disadvantaged producers.

Changes that will take effect immediately include:

Elimination of loan term limits for guaranteed operating loans.

Modification of the definition of beginning farmer, using the average farm size
for the county as a qualifier instead of the median farm size.

Modification of the Joint Financing Direct Farm Ownership Interest Rate to two
percent less than regular Direct Farm Ownership rate, with a floor of 2.5
percent. Previously, the rate was established at five percent.

Increase of the maximum loan amount for Direct Farm Ownership down payments from
$225,000 to $300,000.

Elimination of rural residency requirement for Youth Loans, allowing urban youth
to benefit.

Debt forgiveness on Youth Loans, which will not prevent borrowers from obtaining
additional loans from the federal government.

Increase of the guarantee amount on Conservation Loans from 75 to 80 percent and
90 percent for socially disadvantaged borrowers and beginning farmers.

Microloans will not count toward loan term limits for veterans and beginning
farmers.

Additional modifications must be implemented through the rulemaking processes.
Visit the FSA Farm Bill website for detailed information and updates to farm
loan programs.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LMT

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
       Copyright 2014 The Lake Metigoshe Mirror (Bottineau, North Dakota)


                             266 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Illinois, Indiana Offer Loan Programs for Drought-Hit Farmers

                             July 15, 1988, Friday

By ANDREA BENNETT, Midwest Bureau

DATELINE: CHICAGO


Two Midwest states have allotted funds for low-interest rate loans to help
farmers hurt by the drought.

Illinois Treasurer Jerry Cosentino said this week he is making $50 million in
state funds available for the low-interest-rate loans.

Under the special program, the state will deposit money in banks in rural areas
at 6.5%, one percentage point below the prevailing rate on state deposits. In
return, the banks must agree to loan the money to cash strapped farmers at no
more than three percentage points above the rate paid on the deposit, or 9.5%.
That rate is below the market rate on farm operating loans in the area, which
was 11% at the end of the first quarter.

Separately, Indiana Treasurer Marjorie O'Laughlin made an additional $10 million
in state funds available for an existing farm loan program. Several loan
requirements were also waived to make the program more accessible to farmers
affected by the drought.

The $10 million addition brings to $72 million the total being deposited in
Indiana banks and production credit associations this year for low-interest-rate
farm loans, said Andrew Stoner, communications director for the treasurer's
office. Eight production credit associations and 117 Indiana banks used the
program last year, and a similar number are expected to take advantage of it in
1988, he said.

Illinois has had a low-interest-rate farm loan program since 1980, said James
Stapleton, chief fiscal officer in the treasurer's office. However, loans made
under the existing program could only be used for farm operating expenses, he
said.

In contrast, the additional $50 million can be loaned to farmers for any
drought-related expense, or to refinance or roll over current loans, he said.

Additional funds also may be made available later in the summer if needed, said
Mr. Stapleton.

"The $50 million is one step in the right direction," said Morris Peine,
chairman of the First Farmers State Bank of Minier in central Illinois. "I don't
think it is enough money . . . but I really appreciate anyone who is going to
help us at all."

Mr. Peine was a member of a special Illinois Bankers Association drought task
force that asked for modifications in the deposit program. Other recommendations
for dealing with the drought at the state and federal level include development
of guarantee programs for debt carried over from 1988.

The banking trade group also expects to meet with state and federal bank
regulators to clarify how drought-related loan problems will be handled, a
spokeswoman said.

SECTION: Pg. 13

LENGTH: 425 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1988 American Banker, Inc.


                             267 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 24, 2017

                            TINKERS CROSS FARM LTD.

                                 TEMPLARS FARM
                                  TEMPLE LANE
                                  TEMPLECOMBE
                              TEMPLECOMBE BA8 0BJ


TRADE ADDRESS: Templars Farm Temple Lane, TEMPLECOMBE BA8 0BJ

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.tinkerscrossfarm.co.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 07969145

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: February 29, 2012
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Miss Helen Snart, Farm Owner
     ·    Mr Adam Jason Anderton, Farm Owner


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Mixed farming
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
01500 - Hunting, trapping and game propagation including related service
activities

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: February 28, 2016

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  February 28, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Dormant
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  November 2, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  February 28, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  16,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           28/02/201 28/02/201 28/02/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                     100       100       100
Other Current Assets                             100       100       100
Total Current Assets                             100       100       100
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                     100       100       100



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           28/02/201 28/02/201 28/02/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry               100       100       100
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                100       100       100
Called Up Share Capital                          100       100       100
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   28/02/201 28/02/201 28/02/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed         100       100       100
Net Worth                100       100       100
Working Capital          100       100       100
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0      0      0
Current Assets          0      0      0
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      0      0
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 3,013 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
01300 Growing of crops combined with farming of
animals (mixed farming)



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -.98     3.01    12.04
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -.94     2.22     8.47
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -2.08     7.69    21.35
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               8.93    31.41    73.33
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        28.3        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                     .5     1.12     2.98
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -        -        -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  16,517.8 22,101.1 26,218.1
                                                          6        9        4
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  36,428.5 86,421.8 193,261.
                                                          7        8        9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  34.43    19.81    13.56



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  8
=        3
Year -1  8
=        3
Year -2  7
=        1
Year -3  8
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                8/02/201 28/02/201 28/02/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      1         1         1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2017


                             268 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 13, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Selected Interest Rates for April 2016

LENGTH: 86  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has
issued the following news release:





 Farm Operating Loans (including microloans): 2.25%

 Farm Ownership Loans - Direct: 3.50%

 Farm Ownership Loans - Direct Down Payment, Beginning Farmer: 1.50%

 Farm Ownership Loans - Direct - Joint Financing: 2.50%

 Emergency Loans: 3.25%

 Farm Storage Facility Loans (7 years): 1.625%



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             269 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                            August 12, 2014 Tuesday
                                National Edition

Overgrown farm credit giant

BYLINE: Morris W Dorosh, Financial Post

SECTION: FP COMMENT; Pg. FP9

LENGTH: 790 words


The recipients of a subsidy seldom complain about it, and so Farm Credit Canada,
the government farm lender, remains, as it has for years, well liked and
patronized by farmers and uncriticized in political circles. FCC has about a
third of the farm lending market, which happens to be the most desirable third.
Its entire operation is subsidized by the government by means of virtually free
capital. Hardly anyone is aware of the size of this subsidy, or its impact on
private-sector, taxpaying financial institutions in the agricultural segment.

The FCC issued its 2013-14 annual report last month, a 52-pager in which
self-congratulation and self-promotion approached anything ever put out by the
old Canadian Wheat Board. Simultaneously it issued a press release chronicling
its achievements, such as the $1-million it contributed to rural community
causes, its Drive Away Hunger campaign for country food banks, the 126 learning
events it sponsored for farmers and, believe it or not, its "financial
strength."

The FCC has only a nominal cost of loanable funds and no requirement to maintain
asset-lending ratios. It "borrows" $22.8-billion from the federal treasury, for
which it incurred an interest expense of $259-million last year, or about 1.1%.
It uses the money to make loans which at March 31 stood at $25.8-billion. It
realized "net income" of $642-million during the year, paying a "dividend" to
its "shareholder" (the federal government) of $50-million. The average cost of
federal government borrowings is currently just under 5% for long and short-term
debt. The $22.8-billion of federal government assets tied up in the FCC
therefore costs Canadian taxpayers almost $1-billion a year to finance, and
approximately equals the annual federal budget deficit of recent times.

Private institutions, including credit unions, face very unfair competition from
this crown entity. They must raise funds from depositors and other sources at
market rates. The interest expense of the eight largest banks is about 34% of
interest income; the FCC's is 22%. Financial institutions must observe stringent
guidelines, to be further tightened starting in 2015, to assure their stability
under any economic circumstances. Banks, like all shareholderowned entities,
must produce competitive earnings, growth and dividends.

The FCC's share of the Canadian farm credit market was 29% in 2013-14, compared
to chartered banks' at 36% and credit unions' 16%. At the end of its last fiscal
year it had 160,000 loans to 100,000 clients, about three times the number of
professional, viable-scale farms in Canada. (Fewer than 20% of farms account for
over 80% of agricultural production). The average interest rate it charged
borrowers during the year was 4.64% on fixed-rate loans and 3.98% on
variable-rate loans. The prime rate is 3.0%. Commercial loans of any kind at as
little as 1% to 1.5% above prime are rare and require lead-pipe security and a
realistic default risk of zero. The FCC can do it only because it freely
accesses public funds.

The FCC skims off the top layer of borrowers, leaving the private sector with
the more risky, less straightforward end. To get their business it low-balls
interest rates and is the first to make concessions to borrowers if obstacles to
timely repayment appear. Its bad-loan write-offs last year were just $42-million
or 0.2% of loans receivable. For the same reason its operating costs relative to
assets and loan activity are low, just $366-million last year. Management
challenges and talent needs are modest because operating from the FCC's
subsidized, competition-proof position borders on a no-brainer.

In 1992 the FCC's legislation was extensively amended to allow it to lend to
nonfarmer clients, engage in leasing and also in venture capital financing. The
annual report conveniently omits all information that could be used to assess
its experience as an agribusiness lender, except that impaired loans to
agribusiness and agri-food borrowers were $47.5-million as of last March
compared to $18.8-million to grain and oilseed farmers.

Government involvement in agricultural credit exists in other countries.
Normally it is limited to borrowers who do not qualify for or cannot afford
commercial credit. In Canada this is reversed: The government entity serves the
most credit-worthy.

Anything that improves the profitability and viability of primary producers
helps the whole agricultural economy, even if it is a billion-dollar public
subsidy, and more power to FCC customers. However, the size and nature of the
FCC's burden on the national treasury, and on tax-paying privatesector financial
institutions, should be acknowledged.

Morris W Dorosh is editor and publisher of Winnipeg-based AGRIWEEK.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             270 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               February 23, 2017

                    CITYSTYLE LIVING (BANGOR WHARF) LIMITED

                                      100
                                CHALK FARM ROAD
                                   CHALK FARM
                                 LONDON NW1 8EH


TRADE ADDRESS: 100 Chalk Farm Road Chalk Farm, LONDON NW1 8EH

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 06394646

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: October 9, 2007
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  ONE HOUSING GROUP LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  ONE HOUSING GROUP LIMITED

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Alan John Williams, Group Director Of Development
     ·    Mr John Vincent Gregory, None
     ·    Mr Paul James Rickard, Group Director Of Finance And Resources


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    MsLouisaLoizou


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Other letting and operating of own or leased real estate
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Normal   Company acting as agents

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68209

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Full Accounts
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  October 25, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  October 9, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  180,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   6         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    - 11,500,00 7,000,000
                                                             0
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 - 11,500,00 7,000,000
                                                             0
Stocks                                     11,771,00         -         -
                                                   0
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets               8,329,000   343,713   252,447
Other Current Assets                       8,329,000   343,713   252,447
Total Current Assets                       20,100,00   343,713   252,447
                                                   0
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                - 11,500,00 7,000,000
                                                             0
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                    8,329,000         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               20,100,00 11,843,71 7,252,447
                                                   0         3



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   6         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            258,000    33,689    37,130
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                     258,000         -         -
Due To Group, Current                        258,000         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          0    33,689    37,130
Short Term Loans                             258,000         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         - 2,512,771
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         - 2,512,771
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                1,614,000 2,663,538         -
Total Current Liabilities                    258,000    33,689    37,130
Total Long Term Liabilities                1,614,000 2,663,538 2,512,771
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          1,872,000 2,697,227 2,549,901
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry         10,750,00 9,411,421 4,948,159
Reserves                                           0
Profit & Loss Account Reserve              7,478,000   -264935   -245613
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                          18,228,00 9,146,486 4,702,546
                                                   0
Called Up Share Capital                    10,750,00         1         1
                                                   0
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 - 9,411,420 4,948,158
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 19,842,00 11,810,02 7,215,317
                                                   0         4


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                           6         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales           90,000         -         -
Cost of Sales              0         -         -
Gross Profit          90,000         -         -
Operating Profit      -54000         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          0         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit         -54000         -         -
Taxation             -181000         -         -
Profit After Tax     127,000         -         -
Dividends Payable          0         -         -
Retained Profits     127,000         -         -
Value Added           -54000         -         -
Capital Employed   19,842,00 11,810,02 7,215,317
                           0         4
Net Worth          18,228,00 9,146,486 4,702,546
                           0
Working Capital    19,842,00   310,024   215,317
                           0
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          0         -         -
Audit Fees             1,000         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2 3 Years 5 Years
                    Years
                      GBP     GBP     GBP
Sales                   -       -       -
Pretax                  -       -       -
Total Assets        69.71  177.15  668.69
Current Assets     5,747. 7,862.0 12,092.
                        9       7       9
Current            665.83  594.86  681.82
Liabilities
Capital Employed    68.01     175  668.52
Employee Wages          -       -       -
Number of               -       -       -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 59,273 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
70200 Letting of own property



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     3.03    11.52
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0     2.14     6.41
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0    21.62    61.19
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               4.38     7.69    30.85
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       12.15        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .08       .6     2.26
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            27,864.5 79,369.5 161,438.
                                                          1        9        4
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,800 23,120.3 39,861.1
                                                                   7        1
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    70,000 168,352.  404,200
                                                                   9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  29.98     15.9     8.02



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  8
=        9
Year -1  8
=        3
Year -2  7
=        8
Year -3  5
=        1

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       6         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)               -0.27         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                         -0.27         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)              -0.3         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                            -60         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                            0.45         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                     22,046.6         -         -
                                                       7
Sales / Stocks                                      0.01         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities               77.91      10.2       6.8
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                 32.28      10.2       6.8
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                          1.42         -     53.43
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.91      0.77      0.65
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -     53.43
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                        0.02         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                      100         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                              -60         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                    90         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                         20,100         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                        0.01         -     11.67
Total Debt / Total Assets                           0.01         -      0.35

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 19,842,000

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: BDO LLP

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2017


                             271 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Farm Belt Resurgence Heartens Local Bankers

                            June 16, 1988, Thursday

By ANDREA BENNETT, Midwest Bureau

DATELINE: WALNUT, Ill.


Despite a shortage of rain darkening the outlook for this year's harvest,
bankers report that better times have come to the Farm Belt, which is rebounding
from its worst financial crunch in 50 years.

After six years of losses, Citizens First State Bank posted a $200,000 profit in
1987, for a return on assets of 0.76%. Executives at the Walnut, Ill.-based bank
expect this year to be even better.

The bank's once suspect loan portfolio is in tip-top shape. "Right now," said
James Watson, the bank's president, "we can't identify a loan problem to speak
of." Citizens First, 8% of whose loans were nonperforming in 1985, now has no
nonperforming loans and only two or three that are past due, "none by more than
a few weeks."

Agricultural lenders, after six years of desperation, now are feeling more
upbeat.

Their principal borrowers, the farmers, returned to the fields this spring after
receiving $23 billion in government subsidies in 1987. Those subsidies helped
push net farm income to $45 billion, a level the U.S. Department of Agriculture
projects may be matched this year.

Farmers are also enjoying lower levels of debt, lower interest rates than in
previous years, reduced expenses, and increasing land values. Also helping
farmers is the falling dollar, the primary reason for an expected 16% surge in
agricultural exports for the fiscal year ending Oct. 1.

Robert A. Meyer, executive vice president of $13 million-asset Glasford State
Bank, Glasford, Ill., shares the optimism of farm bankers. "You just get the
feeling it's going to be fun again. We're going to make some money," he says.

Because of the drought, the fun may not come this year. But experts say barring
a total crop failure, the drought conditions should not cause too much trouble.
"I don't think it is necessarily fair to say that one year of dry weather will
tip us back to the farm financial crunch," said Mark Drabenstott, an economist
at the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City.

IN addition, experts caution that the recovery will be slow, and that not all
farmers will share in it. Moreover, the strength of the recovery rests firmly on
government support programs, which Duff & Phelps Inc., a Chicago based rating
agency, estimates will dip to about $20 billion in 1988 from $23.1 billion in
1987.

Despite the cautions, there is no doubt farm bankers have benefited from the
recovery. In 1987, according to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp., 55
agricultural banks failed, four fewer than in 1986. But the proportion of farm
bank failures to total failures has dropped considerably.

In 1985, 52% of the 120 banks that failed were farm banks; by 1987, the
percentage had dropped to 30%. Through April 18, 11 of the 53 failures, or 21%,
were agricultural banks.

The number of Midwest farm banks reporting losses is on the decline. Federal
Reserve Bank of Chicago data show that 265 farm banks reported a loss in 1987,
compared with 504 in 1986.

Midwest farm banks as a whole posted a return on assets of 0.66% in 1987,
substantially better than 0.26% in 1986.

The Fed study of 1,735 farm banks in the Federal Reserve districts of Chicago,
St. Louis, Minneapolis, and Kansas City - which make up much of the agricultural
heartland - pinpointed improved asset quality as the major reason for improved
earnings.

Net chargeoffs fell nearly 50% to 1.58% of total loans in 1987, from 3.03% in
1986. At yearend 1987, the ratio of nonperforming assets to total loans stood at
3.6%, down from 5.1% at the end of 1986.

CAPITAL levels, despite the earlier years of mounting loan losses, remain
strong. Agricultural banks in the Midwest ended 1987 with a capital-to assets
ratio of 10.3%, well above the 8.1% recorded by their nonagricultural
counterparts in the area, according to the Fed study.

The agricultural recovery is spread among the small rural banks and the larger
banks in midwestern cities. In Iowa, two of the largest Des Moines based bank
holding companies reported record quarterly profits in the first three months of
the year.

The $912 million-asset Brenton Banks Inc. said net income surged 59% in the
first quarter to a record $1.9 million. The $2.4 billion-asset Banks of Iowa
Inc. had record earnings of $4.6 million in the first three months of 1988, up
24% from the same period in 1987.

An improved outlook is in store for Glasford State Bank, a $13 million asset
institution in a small Illinois farm town of about 1,200 people. "The area is
going to have a good year, and the bank ought to enjoy a stable to good year,"
said Mr. Meyer, an executive vice president.

At the height of the agricultural recession, many Glasford residents, who worked
at Caterpillar Inc. in the nearby cities of Peoria and Canton, Ill., were laid
off. Many have returned to work, and residents who received about $7,000 from
unemployment benefits now have salaries of $25,000 to $30,000, said Mr. Meyer.

With higher incomes, the residents are buying more, including big ticket items
such as cars. And houses that were on the market for two and three years now
attract buyers. "There seems to be more confidence in what's going on," Mr.
Meyer said.

Farmers also show interest in buying farmland, which Mr. Meyer describes as the
"best in the world" for the local crops of corn, wheat, and soybeans. During the
crisis, however, the price of even the best farmland fell. "All of a sudden,
they're jumping in. The land seems to be stabilizing," he said.

The value of farmland is a critical measure of a farmer's worth, because land
represents an estimated 75% of farm assets. Land value also is a critical
measure for bankers because land is often used as collateral.

A survey by Norwest Corp., Minneapolis, shows that farmland prices began to
increase in 1987 after a five-year decline, rising about 10% across the Midwest.

Mr. Meyer attributes the recent agricultural revival in the Glasford area to
abundant government subsidies, which an estimated 95% of area farmers receive.
Three years ago, the figure was closer to 20%.

The subsidies have improved the financial condition of farmers seeking spring
planting loans, Mr. Meyer said. Other Illinois bankers also say they are
rejecting far fewer loan customers than in previous years, although Mr. Meyer
said the level of loan rejections at Glasford State Bank is fairly stable.

Unfortunately for banks, their earnings have not rebounded as quickly as the
farm economy. "The economic pickup has just started. The guy who was not coming
in last year is making purchases and borrowing money this year. We're going to
be lagging," Mr. Meyer said. The drought won't help, with bankers worrying that
it will turn farmers cautious about making purchases again.

Slow loan growth, which squeezes net interest margins, is the primary reason for
the lag in earnings. Net interest margins at Midwest farm banks shrank to 3.11%
in 1987 from 3.46% in 1985, according to the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago.

"We have the same problem facing every bank in the country - the margin
problem," said Mr. Watson of Citizens First in Walnut. "Our margins were
actually better back in 1983 and 1984. Our problems then were related to loan
losses and high overhead related to loan collections. If we had the margins now
we had then, we could have earned another 10% to 12% in 1987."

AMID the signs of recovery, Mr. Watson isn't entirely happy. His bank's
agricultural loan portfolio as of the end of February shrank to about 16% of the
bank's total loans from 50% of total loans in the early 1980s, Mr. Watson said.

The decline was not because the bank was backing away from making farm loans,
but because many farmers, with the memory of hardship from unbearable debt loads
still fresh, are reluctant to increase their borrowing. "The demand (for farm
loans) is not there," Mr. Watson said.

Mr. Watson, like Mr. Meyer in Glasford, has witnessed a dramatic decline in
total loans in the 1980s. Citizens First's loan-to-deposit ratio is 37%. Mr.
Watson is aiming for 45% this year "if we're wildly successful." The bank has
about $10.6 million in loans.

"I'm not optimistic," Mr. Watson said about the chances for a pickup in loan
volume. "That same customer base will never supply us with the loans they did in
the 1970s and early 1980s. Toss it all into a pot, and people aren't as
aggressive as they used to be."

Mr. Watson attributes the decline in loan demand to generous government
payments. Although farmers' income is improving and they are willing to make
some purchases, that willingness "is more than offset by the government stream
to farmers from farm programs," Mr. Watson said.  Government payments "cut their
needs for borrowing for operating purposes." According to the Federal Reserve
Bank of Chicago, non-real-estate farm debt declined by 22% to $30.6 billion at
the nation's commercial banks over a two-year period ended last Sept. 30.

Bankers have labored to make up the difference in a variety of ways. Mr. Watson
said Citizens First is trying to wring more yield out of its investment
portfolio and to find new places to put excess money, a search that is meeting
with "only moderate success."

CITIZENS First also is more aggressive about seeking new lending opportunities.
One source of new business is the secondary market for real estate loans.
Traditionally, banks have made short-term operating loans, while the Farm Credit
System made the bulk of the longer-term farmland loans.

Even without a secondary market, banks have increased farmland loans 28% to
$14.1 billion over the past two years, according to the Federal Reserve Bank of
Chicago. During that same period, the land loan portfolio of the financially
troubled Farm Credit System has declined 24% to $35.1 billion.

Many banks see opportunity in the secondary farmland market. The $20.4 billion
Norwest Corp., Minneapolis, for example, recently hired Jay I. Mann, a former
president of a Federal Land Bank in Sheldon, Iowa, as vice president and manager
of agricultural real estate lending. The appointment "affirms our intention to
be a major player in the 'Farmer Mac' program as it evolves over the next
several months," said C.P. Moore, chairman of Norwest Agricultural Credit.

Smaller farm banks also are trying to position themselves. Citizens First hired
a loan officer who travels almost full time seeking new farmland loan business.
But the expectation of finding 20 to 30 farmers each week wanting such loans
hasn't been met.

"We've made more than a handful (of farmland loans) but not enough to replace
the lost operating loans," he said.

Mr. Watson said the bank is doing a number of other things to survive. It
reduced its assets by about 12% over the past five years. It is trying to
diversify the loan portfolio. And the bank has stretched its market area to 60
miles to scout new business.

"We recognized what had happened to our community and service area and we
reacted to it," Mr. Watson said. "We didn't anticipate it."

SECTION: AN AMERICAN BANKER SPECIAL REPORT; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1834 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1988 American Banker, Inc.


                             272 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Manawatu Standard (New Zealand)

                             March 5, 2013 Tuesday

Low-cost loans to enable compliance

BYLINE: Jill Galloway

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 319 words


ASB is launching New Zealand's first Rural Environmental Compliance Loan, so
farmers can meet regulatory requirements.

The bank's rural general manager, Mark Heer, said the loan limit would be a
maximum of $200,000 over five years.

"For example, it might be effluent on- farm systems, which are required by
regulation," Heer said. "But it could be the right thing to do - for instance
fencing of waterways - something that could be an industry requirement."

He said the "low-cost loan" would have no additional customer margin applied to
ASB's cost of funding.

"It is all about getting the balance right between productivity and
environmental sustainability."

Heer said it was exciting as the farming sector was the driving force of the New
Zealand economy and it was important that New Zealand's farmers got the balance
right between productivity and environmental sustainability.

He said it was developed in response to feedback from rural customers.

"Farmers consistently tell us that they are doing their best to ensure that
their farms are operating to the highest environmental standards.

"However, the reality is that there can be considerable costs associated with
upgrading systems, including the fencing of waterways, which are all part of
operating an environmentally responsible farm."

Heer said that, at the same time, local- body regulations had been tightening
around the management of effluent, nitrate leaching and water usage on farms.

Heer said the balance between productivity and the environment was one that must
be met, as the urban communities were very loud with their concerns about water
quality.

"The ASB wants to be part of the solution and so it is offering this funding
package."

Heer said farmers must ensure they were compliant with regulations, or risk
fines. "Farmers are facing all these pressures while at the same time trying to
focus on the productivity and profitability of their business."

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             273 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Idaho Business Review (Boise, ID)

                            February 1, 2013 Friday

Idaho's small farmers may benefit from new USDA microloans program

BYLINE: Cady McGovern

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 795  words


When Karen Evans and her late husband started their farm 25 years ago,
Rollingstone Chevre, it was a do-it-yourself enterprise.

"It was kind of like inventing the wheel," Evans said. Goat cheese was a nascent
industry in the United States. "We had to self-fund, because venture capital
wasn't available. ... Nobody wanted to invest in goats. "

Goat milking equipment was also hard to find and was European-made, making
service difficult.  Evans and her late husband ended up adapting cow milkers for
the goats' two teats. It took seven years to get the farm fully up and running.

"We actually built the facility ourselves that houses the processing of the
cheese," Evans said. "Had there been money available, it would've been a whole
different scenario. ... It just would've expedited the process.

"Of course, everything's changed now. "

Farmers like Evans have a new option for funding through a USDA microloans
program announced Jan. 15. The low-interest loans of up to $35,000 can cover a
variety of operating and startup costs. The interest rate changes monthly and is
at 1.25 percent now.

"It would be amazingly helpful for various reasons," Evans said. "Diversifying,
when you're small, that's important. "

Seventy percent of Idaho's 25,349 farms are "small family farms," according to
the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Nearly half are 50 acres or smaller.

"Basically we say that any eligible operating loan purpose can be covered," said
Aaron Johnson, farm loan chief for the state of Idaho through the USDA Farm
Service Agency. Johnson said authorized purposes include startup costs, annual
expenses like seed or fertilizer, marketing efforts, living expenses, livestock
or equipment, farm improvements, tools, irrigation improvements, and delivery
vehicles.

Idaho's FSA branch has already issued its first microloan under the new program.
The agency's Preston office finalized the loan Dec. 18 for a cattle operation
based in Bancroft. The loan will be used to purchase livestock, Johnson said.

Evans said she would consider a microloan to help advance one of her dreams at
Rollingstone Chevre: agritourism. The Parma farm, where 100 goats provide milk
to make cheese on site, has a facility that could be updated to accommodate
guests. Evans said she'd like to host dinners in conjunction with local
wineries, and would also add a commercial kitchen to accommodate that need. She
said the maximum loan amount of $35,000 would probably be enough for her to make
those improvements.

"I can't imagine anything where we would want more money than that," said Dan
Meyer, farm manager at Morning Owl Farm in Boise. Meyer said he might consider
the microloan program if he needs to make improvements to the farm in the
future.

"It's definitely a possibility," he said. "For us, it'd be equipment and
infrastructure. "

In the past, Morning Owl Farm has been able to find other avenues to fund
improvements. Meyer said Idaho Fish and Game provided materials for a fence to
keep deer out of the pasture, and a National Resources Conservation Service
grant paid for two hoop houses recently installed at the farm. "If that wasn't
available, I still think we would've tried to get a loan for that," he said.

The farm once had ducks, but stopped raising them because of costs, predatory
loss and other factors. If ducks return, Meyer said, a microloan could help pay
for improvements to cut down on predatory loss.

"We would want to - we were calling it - 'bulletproof' the back pasture," he
said.

Meyer and field manager Jesse DeMoss recently took over Morning Owl Farm from
its founder, Mary Rohlfing, who sits on the farm's board. Because the farm was
already in operation, Meyer said, much of the infrastructure the USDA microloans
program could help pay for was already in place when he and DeMoss took over.

"I'm in a really fortunate position as a young farmer," Meyer said. "For
somebody starting out, those loans do start to look really good. "

"We have a lot of beginning farmers that would like to have a little startup
operation and not go into heavy debt," Johnson said. The loans are aimed toward
that startup demographic, he said.

"I have met several small and beginning farmers, returning veterans and
disadvantaged producers interested in careers in farming who too often must rely
on credit cards or personal loans with high interest rates to finance their
start-up operations," Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said in a news release
about the microloans program. "By further expanding access to credit to those
just starting to put down roots in farming, USDA continues to help grow a new
generation of farmers. "

<a href="http://www.idahobusinessreview.com/be-the-first-to-know/">Click here
for more from this resource. </a>

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             274 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      June 18, 1989, Sunday, Final Edition

Farm Credit System: Back From The Brink Rescue of Banks Abound With Lessons on
Bailouts

BYLINE: John M. Berry, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; PAGE H1

LENGTH: 2135 words

DATELINE: DENVER


The script was grimly familiar, up to a point.

A nationwide network of lending institutions faces a crisis, caused in part by
its free-spending ways, in part by an economic collapse. Instead of policing
excesses, regulators have acted more like cheerleaders.

Losses soar into the billions, pushing weaker banks deep into the red. Some are
forced to close their doors.

A bailout from Washington is the only hope.

But here the paths diverge, for this is the story of the nationwide Farm Credit
System, not the larger, tormented savings and loan industry.

Like the S&Ls, the Farm Credit System plunged into turmoil in the mid-1980s. An
amalgam of thousands of locally controlled, borrower-owned cooperative
institutions with more than $ 80 billion in loans to farmers, ranchers,
fishermen and agricultural co-ops, the system was hard hit by its own profligate
lending practices and the near-collapse of the U.S. farm economy in the first
half of the decade. It lost $ 4.6 billion of its own money from 1984 to 1987.

But the Farm Credit System has survived through infusion of nearly $ 1 billion
worth of federal help in the past year and by making sweeping changes in its
structure and ways of doing business. Today, it has begun to mend. Some
officials at the system's headquarters here watch with bemusement as the savings
and loan industry scrambles to avoid the sort of stringent regulation and
reforms that the Farm Credit System had to accept.

Lessons abound for Congress and the administration, as they grapple with a
painful, much costlier bailout of the S&L industry. Despite its trials, the Farm
Credit System did not face a calamity like the S&L scandal. The system -- the
country's largest agricultural lender -- stayed alive initially because it had
socked away more than $ 5 billion of capital surplus it could use to cover
losses.

Nevertheless, several smaller units in the system went bankrupt, and last year
so did the Federal Land Bank of Jackson, Miss., one of the system's 12 large
district banks making long-term farm real estate loans. When it went into
receivership, the Jackson bank was between $ 400 million and $ 500 million in
the hole.

Other institutions in the system remain in deep trouble, and some others could
still fail. It appears certain that more federal help will be needed before the
year is out. On the other hand, some system units, such as the Farm Credit Banks
in Baltimore and Springfield, Mass., are not now and never were in difficulty.

The system has survived in part by shrinking. As bad loans have been foreclosed
and many more creditworthy borrowers paid off their loans, the system's total
loan volume plummeted from more than $ 80 billion at the end of 1983 to $ 50.7
billion at the end of the first quarter of this year. Meanwhile, hundreds of
system offices have been closed and employees let go in an effort to curb
operating costs.

In 1987, after an abortive earlier attempt, Congress and President Reagan agreed
to provide the system with a $ 4 billion line of credit at the Treasury to help
it stay afloat. The basic motivation was to ensure the continued availability of
credit to farmers, particularly for long-term loans on land, and to protect the
system's farmer-borrowers from losing money on the stock they held in the
system.

But the help was given with major strings attached, including requirements for
much more stringent federal regulation and supervision, tight standards for each
institution's capital, a new insurance fund to protect investors who provide
most of the money the system lends and eventual repayment, with interest, of any
money borrowed from the Treasury.

Even with its own originally strong capital position to absorb losses and the
federal aid, the system is not out of the woods. At the end of last year, a
remarkably high 20 percent of the system's loans, other than those to
cooperatives, were still classified as "high risk." Eight percent of the loans
were in such bad shape that interest was not being paid on them or even added to
the balance due.

However, the level of such "non-accrual" loans dropped sharply last year as a
result of foreclosures and so-called restructurings, in which borrowers got a
break either on the amount they had to repay, on the interest rate charged or
both. In such cases, the lending institution takes an immediate loss in the hope
that the borrower will be able to make his reduced payments on time.

"For the most part, these institutions have turned the corner and are on the way
back to financial stability," said Marvin Duncan, the sole remaining board
member at the Farm Credit Administration, which regulates and supervises the
Farm Credit System.

"Some of the institutions have been stable all along. For others, it will be a
long, hard road back. But they have turned the corner. Now it's a matter of
staying the course," Duncan said.

In fact, the system is in better shape than its policymaking group, the Farm
Credit Corporation of America, or FCCA, projected two years ago when Congress
was considering the bailout bill. For instance, the level of loans fell by only
about $ 1 billion last year after sharp declines in the previous four years, and
the system earned $ 704 million rather than losing about $ 1 billion, as it had
projected in 1987. However, the bulk of the 1988 income came from a reduction in
the system's loan loss reserves rather than operating earnings.

Chairman Sam G. Eberly, a cattle and sheep rancher from Wichita, Kan., here for
a meeting of the FCCA board, said, "I am convinced it has stabilized. It is
different among different banks, but some are up a bit" in terms of loan volume.

Nevertheless, Eberly painted no rosy pictures either about how easy it will be
for the system to grow in the future or to get rid of its problem loans. "Our
bad assets are still a lot of problems for us. It was easy to work out some of
the loans in the beginning. ... Now we are down to those really hard to work
out," he said.

Mike Davis, acting president of FCCA, said he expects the system to regain some
of the share of the agricultural lending market it has lost in recent years,
particularly that picked up by the federal government as a result of large
increases in crop loans through its Commodity Credit Corp. At the end of 1982,
the system held 43 percent of all farm real estate loans and almost 20 percent
of other farm loans such as for crop production and equipment purchases.

A key element in stabilizing the Farm Credit System was a provision in the 1987
legislation that protected borrowers from losing money on any of the stock they
had to buy in a unit of the cooperative system when they got a loan. Congress
and the Reagan administration were not willing to require that the system use
this portion of its capital to cover losses, since that would have added to the
financial woes of farmers already under severe economic stress themselves.

But the act also required that such protected stock be eliminated within five
years. One Farm Credit Bank has already taken the step of simply declaring that
its borrowers' stock is now risk capital. Every unit in the system is supposed
to move year by year to increase its minimum permanent capital until in 1993 it
is equal basically to 7 percent of its assets.

Before the system began to change in response to its difficulties, it was such a
loose grouping of institutions that there was no central policymaking body for
it. Each of the 12 districts had a Federal Land Bank, a Federal Intermediate
Credit Bank and a Bank for Cooperatives, and there was also a larger national
Bank for Cooperatives.

The Federal Land Banks made longer-term loans, mostly secured by mortgages on
farm land, but they also provided funding for Land Bank Associations in their
district. The associations, controlled by a local board of directors, also made
long-term loans. The Federal Intermediate Credit Banks channeled funds to local
Production Credit Associations, which made shorter-term loans for crop
production.

Typically, each of the three banks in a given district had separate management
and boards. Every bank and every association usually set its own standards for
assessing credit risk and setting limits on loans and jealously guarded its
prerogatives.

The only real joint effort was in issuing the long-term bonds or short-term
notes that provided most of the system's lendable funds. These securities were
sold in the capital markets to investors who regarded them as similar to those
sold by other government-backed agencies.

As a result, the system obtained lendable funds at only slightly higher interest
rates than the U.S. Treasury paid on its comparable securities. This relatively
cheap source of funds often allowed the system to charge significantly lower
interest rates than its competitors, usually commercial banks and insurance
companies.

The Farm Credit Administration, which was supposed to regulate the system, was
in fact more a promoter of it. The FCA did little initially to rein in the
high-flying system and until 1985 lacked some key enforcement powers, such as
the authority to issue cease and desist orders to bank or association managers.

Today, the system is rapidly becoming much more structured. Ten of the 12 Banks
for Cooperatives merged to form CoBank, which is based here. CoBank's president,
Malcolm Harding, said the banks merged to cut costs and to better serve some of
their customers, which include giant farm and rural electric co-ops. About 10
such borrowers have loans or commitments in the $ 400 million range, he said.

At the end of the first quarter, CoBank had $ 6.9 billion worth of domestic
loans and $ 2.4 billion in foreign loans, mostly to banks in Third World
countries to finance purchases of farm products from U.S. cooperatives. The
foreign loans are almost all guaranteed by the U.S. government.

"The Banks for Cooperatives, through this entire time, have been profitable and
the loan quality has been quite good," Harding said. "Our loan losses have been
minimal relative to the level of loans outstanding." Indeed, while last year 8
percent of other system loans were not accruing interest, only 0.1 percent of
loans to co-ops were in that category.

Meanwhile, in 11 districts the Federal Land Banks and the Federal Intermediate
Credit Banks have merged into a Farm Credit Bank. In the remaining district,
Jackson, the Land Bank will cease to exist when its receivership is wound up --
late this year is the target, according to FCA's Duncan. The Intermediate Credit
Bank there will be merged into the Texas Farm Credit Bank.

At the same time, many land bank and production credit associations have also
merged into Agricultural Credit Associations. But whether merged or not, each
association is becoming responsible for following a uniform set of standards for
determining credit risk -- that is, the likelihood that a borrower will be able
to repay the loan -- and for appraisals of real estate or other collateral
securing a loan.

Still, according to Duncan, the system as a whole has a long way to go. Last
year, more than half of all its loans, by total value, were held by units that
were under some sort of regulatory directive from FCA. These directives took a
variety of forms but all of them were intended to require an institution's
management or board to correct some sort of deficiency that could affect its
safety and soundness, Duncan said.

Eberly and Davis at the FCCA offices here generally gave the Farm Credit
Administration good marks for implementing the terms of the 1987 law, but they
also feel the agency is requiring too much paperwork from small associations and
sometimes getting too involved in routine management decisions rather than
concentrating on ensuring that the institutions remain safe and sound. By law,
FCA must examine every unit in the system at least once a year.

They would also not be unhappy if FCA could find ways to cut its own operating
costs -- currently about $ 35 million a year -- which the system pays through
levies on each institution.

Could the system have survived without federal assistance? Officials at the Farm
Credit Corporation of America concluded in 1987 that it could not. Observed
Duncan, "The truth is that no one knows how serious the problem would have
become without federal help. Some institutions would not have survived and some
would have limped along as financial cripples."

At the moment, the most important additional federal help needed may be
presidential appointments to fill the two vacancies on the FCA board. Duncan by
himself is not a quorum, which is required for action on a growing number of
regulatory issues, and some system sources say Duncan, disappointed at not being
named chairman, could also leave.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS, FEATURE

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post


                             275 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      June 18, 1989, Sunday, Final Edition

Farm Credit System: Back From The Brink;
Rescues of Banks Abound With Lessons on Bailouts

BYLINE: John M. Berry, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; PAGE H1

LENGTH: 2135 words

DATELINE: DENVER


The script was grimly familiar, up to a point.

A nationwide network of lending institutions faces a crisis, caused in part by
its free-spending ways, in part by an economic collapse. Instead of policing
excesses, regulators have acted more like cheerleaders.

Losses soar into the billions, pushing weaker banks deep into the red. Some are
forced to close their doors.

A bailout from Washington is the only hope.

But here the paths diverge, for this is the story of the nationwide Farm Credit
System, not the larger, tormented savings and loan industry.

Like the S&Ls, the Farm Credit System plunged into turmoil in the mid-1980s. An
amalgam of thousands of locally controlled, borrower-owned cooperative
institutions with more than $ 80 billion in loans to farmers, ranchers,
fishermen and agricultural co-ops, the system was hard hit by its own profligate
lending practices and the near-collapse of the U.S. farm economy in the first
half of the decade. It lost $ 4.6 billion of its own money from 1984 to 1987.

But the Farm Credit System has survived through infusion of nearly $ 1 billion
worth of federal help in the past year and by making sweeping changes in its
structure and ways of doing business. Today, it has begun to mend. Some
officials at the system's headquarters here watch with bemusement as the savings
and loan industry scrambles to avoid the sort of stringent regulation and
reforms that the Farm Credit System had to accept.

Lessons abound for Congress and the administration, as they grapple with a
painful, much costlier bailout of the S&L industry. Despite its trials, the Farm
Credit System did not face a calamity like the S&L scandal. The system -- the
country's largest agricultural lender -- stayed alive initially because it had
socked away more than $ 5 billion of capital surplus it could use to cover
losses.

Nevertheless, several smaller units in the system went bankrupt, and last year
so did the Federal Land Bank of Jackson, Miss., one of the system's 12 large
district banks making long-term farm real estate loans. When it went into
receivership, the Jackson bank was between $ 400 million and $ 500 million in
the hole.

Other institutions in the system remain in deep trouble, and some others could
still fail. It appears certain that more federal help will be needed before the
year is out. On the other hand, some system units, such as the Farm Credit Banks
in Baltimore and Springfield, Mass., are not now and never were in difficulty.

The system has survived in part by shrinking. As bad loans have been foreclosed
and many more creditworthy borrowers paid off their loans, the system's total
loan volume plummeted from more than $ 80 billion at the end of 1983 to $ 50.7
billion at the end of the first quarter of this year. Meanwhile, hundreds of
system offices have been closed and employees let go in an effort to curb
operating costs.

In 1987, after an abortive earlier attempt, Congress and President Reagan agreed
to provide the system with a $ 4 billion line of credit at the Treasury to help
it stay afloat. The basic motivation was to ensure the continued availability of
credit to farmers, particularly for long-term loans on land, and to protect the
system's farmer-borrowers from losing money on the stock they held in the
system.

But the help was given with major strings attached, including requirements for
much more stringent federal regulation and supervision, tight standards for each
institution's capital, a new insurance fund to protect investors who provide
most of the money the system lends and eventual repayment, with interest, of any
money borrowed from the Treasury.

Even with its own originally strong capital position to absorb losses and the
federal aid, the system is not out of the woods. At the end of last year, a
remarkably high 20 percent of the system's loans, other than those to
cooperatives, were still classified as "high risk." Eight percent of the loans
were in such bad shape that interest was not being paid on them or even added to
the balance due.

However, the level of such "non-accrual" loans dropped sharply last year as a
result of foreclosures and so-called restructurings, in which borrowers got a
break either on the amount they had to repay, on the interest rate charged or
both. In such cases, the lending institution takes an immediate loss in the hope
that the borrower will be able to make his reduced payments on time.

"For the most part, these institutions have turned the corner and are on the way
back to financial stability," said Marvin Duncan, the sole remaining board
member at the Farm Credit Administration, which regulates and supervises the
Farm Credit System.

"Some of the institutions have been stable all along. For others, it will be a
long, hard road back. But they have turned the corner. Now it's a matter of
staying the course," Duncan said.

In fact, the system is in better shape than its policymaking group, the Farm
Credit Corporation of America, or FCCA, projected two years ago when Congress
was considering the bailout bill. For instance, the level of loans fell by only
about $ 1 billion last year after sharp declines in the previous four years, and
the system earned $ 704 million rather than losing about $ 1 billion, as it had
projected in 1987. However, the bulk of the 1988 income came from a reduction in
the system's loan loss reserves rather than operating earnings.

Chairman Sam G. Eberly, a cattle and sheep rancher from Wichita, Kan., here for
a meeting of the FCCA board, said, "I am convinced it has stabilized. It is
different among different banks, but some are up a bit" in terms of loan volume.

Nevertheless, Eberly painted no rosy pictures either about how easy it will be
for the system to grow in the future or to get rid of its problem loans. "Our
bad assets are still a lot of problems for us. It was easy to work out some of
the loans in the beginning. ... Now we are down to those really hard to work
out," he said.

Mike Davis, acting president of FCCA, said he expects the system to regain some
of the share of the agricultural lending market it has lost in recent years,
particularly that picked up by the federal government as a result of large
increases in crop loans through its Commodity Credit Corp. At the end of 1982,
the system held 43 percent of all farm real estate loans and almost 20 percent
of other farm loans such as for crop production and equipment purchases.

A key element in stabilizing the Farm Credit System was a provision in the 1987
legislation that protected borrowers from losing money on any of the stock they
had to buy in a unit of the cooperative system when they got a loan. Congress
and the Reagan administration were not willing to require that the system use
this portion of its capital to cover losses, since that would have added to the
financial woes of farmers already under severe economic stress themselves.

But the act also required that such protected stock be eliminated within five
years. One Farm Credit Bank has already taken the step of simply declaring that
its borrowers' stock is now risk capital. Every unit in the system is supposed
to move year by year to increase its minimum permanent capital until in 1993 it
is equal basically to 7 percent of its assets.

Before the system began to change in response to its difficulties, it was such a
loose grouping of institutions that there was no central policymaking body for
it. Each of the 12 districts had a Federal Land Bank, a Federal Intermediate
Credit Bank and a Bank for Cooperatives, and there was also a larger national
Bank for Cooperatives.

The Federal Land Banks made longer-term loans, mostly secured by mortgages on
farm land, but they also provided funding for Land Bank Associations in their
district. The associations, controlled by a local board of directors, also made
long-term loans. The Federal Intermediate Credit Banks channeled funds to local
Production Credit Associations, which made shorter-term loans for crop
production.

Typically, each of the three banks in a given district had separate management
and boards. Every bank and every association usually set its own standards for
assessing credit risk and setting limits on loans and jealously guarded its
prerogatives.

The only real joint effort was in issuing the long-term bonds or short-term
notes that provided most of the system's lendable funds. These securities were
sold in the capital markets to investors who regarded them as similar to those
sold by other government-backed agencies.

As a result, the system obtained lendable funds at only slightly higher interest
rates than the U.S. Treasury paid on its comparable securities. This relatively
cheap source of funds often allowed the system to charge significantly lower
interest rates than its competitors, usually commercial banks and insurance
companies.

The Farm Credit Administration, which was supposed to regulate the system, was
in fact more a promoter of it. The FCA did little initially to rein in the
high-flying system and until 1985 lacked some key enforcement powers, such as
the authority to issue cease and desist orders to bank or association managers.

Today, the system is rapidly becoming much more structured. Ten of the 12 Banks
for Cooperatives merged to form CoBank, which is based here. CoBank's president,
Malcolm Harding, said the banks merged to cut costs and to better serve some of
their customers, which include giant farm and rural electric co-ops. About 10
such borrowers have loans or commitments in the $ 400 million range, he said.

At the end of the first quarter, CoBank had $ 6.9 billion worth of domestic
loans and $ 2.4 billion in foreign loans, mostly to banks in Third World
countries to finance purchases of farm products from U.S. cooperatives. The
foreign loans are almost all guaranteed by the U.S. government.

"The Banks for Cooperatives, through this entire time, have been profitable and
the loan quality has been quite good," Harding said. "Our loan losses have been
minimal relative to the level of loans outstanding." Indeed, while last year 8
percent of other system loans were not accruing interest, only 0.1 percent of
loans to co-ops were in that category.

Meanwhile, in 11 districts the Federal Land Banks and the Federal Intermediate
Credit Banks have merged into a Farm Credit Bank. In the remaining district,
Jackson, the Land Bank will cease to exist when its receivership is wound up --
late this year is the target, according to FCA's Duncan. The Intermediate Credit
Bank there will be merged into the Texas Farm Credit Bank.

At the same time, many land bank and production credit associations have also
merged into Agricultural Credit Associations. But whether merged or not, each
association is becoming responsible for following a uniform set of standards for
determining credit risk -- that is, the likelihood that a borrower will be able
to repay the loan -- and for appraisals of real estate or other collateral
securing a loan.

Still, according to Duncan, the system as a whole has a long way to go. Last
year, more than half of all its loans, by total value, were held by units that
were under some sort of regulatory directive from FCA. These directives took a
variety of forms but all of them were intended to require an institution's
management or board to correct some sort of deficiency that could affect its
safety and soundness, Duncan said.

Eberly and Davis at the FCCA offices here generally gave the Farm Credit
Administration good marks for implementing the terms of the 1987 law, but they
also feel the agency is requiring too much paperwork from small associations and
sometimes getting too involved in routine management decisions rather than
concentrating on ensuring that the institutions remain safe and sound. By law,
FCA must examine every unit in the system at least once a year.

They would also not be unhappy if FCA could find ways to cut its own operating
costs -- currently about $ 35 million a year -- which the system pays through
levies on each institution.

Could the system have survived without federal assistance? Officials at the Farm
Credit Corporation of America concluded in 1987 that it could not. Observed
Duncan, "The truth is that no one knows how serious the problem would have
become without federal help. Some institutions would not have survived and some
would have limped along as financial cripples."

At the moment, the most important additional federal help needed may be
presidential appointments to fill the two vacancies on the FCA board. Duncan by
himself is not a quorum, which is required for action on a growing number of
regulatory issues, and some system sources say Duncan, disappointed at not being
named chairman, could also leave.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS, FEATURE

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post


                             276 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             April 13, 2012 Friday

Energy industry boosts Oklahoma agriculture banks

BYLINE: Brian Brus

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 430  words


Oklahoma agriculture banks are in an unusual financial environment lately as
their loan portfolios shrink dramatically under increased activity by the
petroleum industry, bank executives said.

"There's been a lot of off-farm income; oil and gas has been tremendous," said
David Krittenbrink, president of First Bank of Okarche. "There's been a lot of
money coming in from leasing farmland and we are flush with funds and deposits.

"In addition to that, our producers have made really good money on cattle this
past year," he said. "And I haven't seen a wheat crop that looks quite like what
we've got growing in the fields right now. It's looking good. "

The bank's loan-to-deposit ratio is about 57 percent, Krittenbrink said,
compared with 85 percent typical for this time of year. Loren Rieger, president
and CEO of Farmers Exchange Bank in Cherokee, reported the same situation, with
a loan-to-debt ratio of about 45 percent.

"Banking in general in Oklahoma is pretty healthy right now, and you can see
that in our ag loans," Rieger said. "Unfortunately, it doesn't have much to do
with the ag industry. An oil well sure makes operating a farm a lot easier. ...
What's happening now is so abnormal that it's hard to compare ourselves with
what's considered normal.

"As a banker, I can't help wondering when the other shoe's going to drop," he
said. "I expect we'll start seeing increased pressure on land prices soon. "

The American Bankers Association recently launched an online data tool that
allows the industry's 2,200 agriculture banks to benchmark performance of 22
indicators against peers of similar size and farm loan concentration.

The Agriculture Banks Performance Scorecard shows five years of historical data
and a breakdown of the most recent quarter for indicators including balance
sheet items, capital levels, profitability measures, interest expense and
income, asset performance and agricultural loan concentrations. The score card
features banks with farmland and farm operating loans in excess of the industry
average as a percent of gross loans, which at the final quarter of 2011 was
14.61 percent.

Krittenbrink said the ABA's data tool will be of limited utility for Oklahoma
bankers.

"It could be a little skewed because banks in Iowa and Nebraska probably don't
operate quite the same way we do in Oklahoma," he said. "They're not
experiencing the same dynamics here. "

The petroleum-related land leases are coming in at an opportune time for many ag
producers, bankers said, as those funds can now be used to rebuild cattle herds
sold off in last summer's drought.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Financing

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             277 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 25, 2012 Tuesday

BRIEF: FSA guaranteed loan program increases loan limits

BYLINE: Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 177 words


Sept. 25--With its 2013 fiscal year beginning Tuesday, Farm Service Agency
officials announced that its guaranteed farm ownership funds are expected to be
available in early October.

Farm Service Agency guaranteed loans allow lenders to provide agricultural
credit to farmers who do not meet the lender's normal underwriting criteria.
Farmers and ranchers apply for a guaranteed loan through a commercial lender,
and the lender arranges for the guarantee.

The FSA can guarantee up to 95 percent of the loss of principal and interest on
a loan. Guaranteed loans can be used for both farm ownership and operating
purposes.

According to Colorado FSA officials, the guaranteed loan limit will increase to
$1,302,000 starting on Tuesday. The current guaranteed loan limit is $1,214,000.

For more information regarding guaranteed farm loans, visit www.fsa.usda.gov, or
call the Weld County FSA at (970) 356-8097 ext. 2.

___ (c)2012 Greeley Tribune (Greeley, Colo.) Visit the Greeley Tribune (Greeley,
Colo.) at www.greeleytribune.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120925-GY-BRF-FSA-guaranteed-loan-program-increases-loan
-limits-20120925

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2012 Greeley Tribune


                             278 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 7, 2017

                               MERRYGILL LIMITED

                              HOME FARM BUILDINGS
                                   HOME FARM
                                 KIRKBY STEPHEN
                            KIRKBY STEPHEN CA17 4AP


TRADE ADDRESS: Home Farm Buildings Home Farm, KIRKBY STEPHEN CA17 4AP

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 07337308

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: August 5, 2010
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 71

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name                     Turnover
No.
SC128173        THE SCOTS FEATHER COMPANY               0
                LIMITED
SC124801        EUROQUILT LIMITED                       0
03178081        OUT OF EDEN LIMITED              1,010,34
                                                        5
-               -                                       -
-               -                                       -
-               -                                       -
-               -                                       -
-               -                                       -
-               -                                       -
-               -                                       -

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Nicholas Ian Hartley, Company Owner / Director
     ·    Mrs Janet Ailsa Hartley, Company Director


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    MrNicholas IanHartley


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Activities of holding companies
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated HCO

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
64200 - Telecommunications

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: November 30, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: November 30

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  November 30, 2015
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Group
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  August 26, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  August 5, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  144,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           30/11/201 30/11/201 30/11/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            1,826,350 1,568,177 1,392,955
Intangible Assets                            257,457   289,811         -
Total Fixed Assets                         2,083,807 1,857,988 1,392,955
Stocks                                     1,570,888 1,369,294         -
Debtors                                      524,472   496,935         -
Cash                                         743,977 1,123,988         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                  49,895    17,886         -
Other Current Assets                         793,872 1,141,874         -
Total Current Assets                       2,889,232 3,008,103         -
Fixed Assets                               1,826,350 1,568,177 1,387,955
Intermediate Assets                                -         -     5,000
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               4,973,039 4,866,091 1,392,955



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           30/11/201 30/11/201 30/11/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                    443,813   354,408         -
Bank Overdraft                                42,857    42,857         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            357,724   580,136   912,975
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                         368         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                        368         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                    357,356   580,136   912,975
Short Term Loans                              43,225    42,857         -
Long Term Loans                              184,286   227,143         -
Long Term Bank Loan                          184,286   227,143         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                  501,206   510,839         -
Total Current Liabilities                    844,394   977,401   912,975
Total Long Term Liabilities                  685,492   737,982         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          1,529,886 1,715,383   912,975
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry           101,056   101,056     5,000
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve              3,342,097 3,049,652   474,980
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                          3,443,153 3,150,708   479,980
Called Up Share Capital                        5,000     5,000     5,000
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)            96,056    96,056         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 4,128,645 3,888,690   479,980


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   30/11/201 30/11/201 30/11/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales        8,336,218 7,733,518         -
Cost of Sales      4,840,449 4,535,718         -
Gross Profit       3,495,769 3,197,800         -
Operating Profit     534,887   716,882         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income      2,123     2,262         -
Interest Payable       4,008     3,873         -
Pretax Profit        533,002   715,271         -
Taxation             123,489   163,927         -
Profit After Tax     409,513   551,344         -
Dividends Payable    180,000    90,000         -
Retained Profits     292,445   469,350         -
Value Added        2,253,540 1,314,198         -
Capital Employed   4,128,645 3,888,690   479,980
Net Worth          3,185,696 2,860,897   479,980
Working Capital    2,044,838 2,030,702   -912975
Emp. Renumeration  1,575,619   491,377         -
Dir. Renumeration    285,537   366,083         -
Audit Fees            15,450    14,950         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation         143,034   105,939         -
Number of                 71         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                               30/11/201 30/11/201 30/11/201
                                                       5         4         3
                                                     GBP       GBP       GBP
Net Cashflow From Operating Activities           525,146         -         -
Net Cashflow From Return On Investment And       -182381         -         -
Servicing Of Finance
Net Cashflow Before Financing                    -336851         -         -
Net Cashflow From Financing                       -43160         -         -
Increase In Cash                                 -380011         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3  5 Years
                    Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP      GBP
Sales                7.79      -        -
Pretax             -25.48      -        -
Total Assets          2.2 257.01 99,360.7
                                        8
Current Assets      -3.95      -        -
Current            -13.61  -7.51        -
Liabilities
Capital Employed     6.17 760.17 82,472.9
Employee Wages     220.65      -        -
Number of               -      -        -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 23,192 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2014)
SIC Code:
74150 Management activities of holding companies



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -.77      .45    13.19
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -1.52      .06     7.11
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0     30.7    97.42
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                  0        0    11.35
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        1.33        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .03      .91     2.85
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            -1472.02 46,236.1 131,243.
                                                                   2        1
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  24,994.8 49,686.0 100,861.
                                                          2        4        7
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                         0 46,760.6 190,979.
                                                                   4        1
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  73.71    36.25    18.87



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  9
=        0
Year -1  5
=        4
Year -2  3
=        2
Year -3  -
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                0/11/201 30/11/201 30/11/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)               12.91     18.39         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                         10.72      14.7         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)             15.48      22.7         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                           6.39      9.25         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                          167.63    158.93         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                            4.56      4.93         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                        24.53     26.26         -
Sales / Stocks                                      5.31      5.65         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )     22.96     23.45         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                3.42      3.08         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  1.56      1.68         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                          7.14      9.44         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.69      0.65      0.34
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                      5.78      7.94         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                  0.75      0.54         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                        0.54      0.71         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees     22,191.8         -         -
(GBP)                                                  2
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                   18.9      6.35         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)       7,507.07         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)               117,411.         -         -
                                                       5
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees          58,149.9         -         -
                                                       3
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        25,723.2         -         -
                                                       4
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        70,042.8         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                    23.65     54.43         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                            27.03     16.99         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)           31,740         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                 1.43      2.67         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                539.56    517.29         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                         321.88    325.49         -
Creditors / Debtors                                 0.85      0.71         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                        0.11      0.13         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                           0.05      0.06         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 4,128,645

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Peel Walker

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2017


                             279 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                January 18, 2017

                        HACTON PARK CORNER FARM LIMITED

                            HACTON PARK CORNER FARM
                                 PARK FARM ROAD
                                   UPMINSTER
                               UPMINSTER RM14 2XU


TRADE ADDRESS: Park Farm Road, UPMINSTER RM14 2XU

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01708225070
FAX: 01708225070
URL: www.hactonparkcornerfarm.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 03759829

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: April 27, 1999
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mrs Patricia Irene Butterworth, Company Director
     ·    David Butterworth, Company Director


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Renting and operating of own or leased real estate
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68200

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: April 30, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: April 30

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  April 30, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  December 24, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  April 27, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  18,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           30/04/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                               10,802    10,802    11,873
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                            10,802    10,802    11,873
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                          13,142     3,083     9,940
Miscellaneous Current Assets                  93,758    93,758    92,758
Other Current Assets                         106,900    96,841   102,698
Total Current Assets                         106,900    96,841   102,698
Fixed Assets                                  10,802    10,802    11,873
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 117,702   107,643   114,571



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           30/04/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities             10,296     7,339     8,459
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                     10,296     7,339     8,459
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                    1,406     1,406     1,406
Total Current Liabilities                     10,296     7,339     8,459
Total Long Term Liabilities                    1,406     1,406     1,406
TOTAL LIABILITIES                             11,702     8,745     9,865
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 2         2         2
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                105,998    98,896   104,704
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                            106,000    98,898   104,706
Called Up Share Capital                            2         2         2
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                   107,406   100,304   106,112


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   30/04/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed     107,406   100,304   106,112
Net Worth            106,000    98,898   104,706
Working Capital       96,604    89,502    94,239
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets         9.34   2.73  10.17
Current Assets      10.39   4.09  14.24
Current             40.29  21.72  21.31
Liabilities
Capital Employed     7.08   1.22   9.21
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 59,273 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
70200 Letting of own property



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     3.03    11.52
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0     2.14     6.41
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0    21.62    61.19
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               4.38     7.69    30.85
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       12.15        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .08       .6     2.26
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            27,864.5 79,369.5 161,438.
                                                          1        9        4
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,800 23,120.3 39,861.1
                                                                   7        1
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    70,000 168,352.  404,200
                                                                   9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  29.98     15.9     8.02



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  8
=        6
Year -1  9
=        1
Year -2  9
=        6
Year -3  9
=        3

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                0/04/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities               10.38      13.2     12.14
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                 10.38      13.2     12.14
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                    0.9      0.92      0.91
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 107,406

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2017


                             280 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 27, 2017

                          LA-PLAGE PROPERTIES LIMITED

                                     MANOR
                                      FARM
                         MANOR FARM ROAD EAST SOMERTON
                            GREAT YARMOUTH NR29 4DY


TRADE ADDRESS: Manor Farm Manor Farm Road East Somerton, GREAT YARMOUTH NR29 4DY

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 04537907

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: September 18, 2002
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Terence John Harper, Surveyor
     ·    Gavin Harper, Mechanical Engineer


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    TerenceHarper


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Other letting and operating of own or leased real estate
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68209
93290

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: September 30, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: September 30

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  September 30, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Total Exemption Full
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  March 16, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  September 18, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  21,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           30/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                              505,747   469,888   460,936
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                           505,747   469,888   460,936
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                           1,274     5,290    21,831
Miscellaneous Current Assets                   1,196         0       397
Other Current Assets                           2,470     5,290    22,228
Total Current Assets                           2,470     5,290    22,228
Fixed Assets                                 338,276   338,276   338,276
Intermediate Assets                          167,471   131,612   122,660
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 508,217   475,178   483,164



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           30/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            361,881   359,393   363,750
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                    361,881   359,393   363,750
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                    361,881   359,393   363,750
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                            361,881   359,393   363,750
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 1         1         1
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                146,335   115,784   119,413
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                            146,336   115,785   119,414
Called Up Share Capital                            1         1         1
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                   146,336   115,785   119,414


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   30/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed     146,336   115,785   119,414
Net Worth            146,336   115,785   119,414
Working Capital      -359411   -354103   -341522
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets         6.95   5.19  11.68
Current Assets     -53.31 -88.89 -86.85
Current              0.69  -0.51  -1.59
Liabilities
Capital Employed    26.39  22.55  67.56
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 58,631 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
70209 Other letting of own property



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0        3    11.09
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0     2.14     6.18
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0    22.22    61.54
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               4.33     7.48    28.07
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       10.36        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .07       .6     2.26
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            34,120.6 83,053.1 162,422.
                                                          7        8        4
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  13,902.9 24,947.7 47,262.5
                                                          4
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    75,000 184,742.  404,200
                                                                   8
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  29.42    15.57     7.87



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  8
=        0
Year -1  7
=        9
Year -2  4
=        9
Year -3  2
=        7

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                0/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                0.01      0.01      0.06
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.01      0.01      0.06
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.29      0.24      0.25
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 146,336

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2017


                             281 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 7, 2017

                           CULTER PROPERTIES LIMITED

                                  OLDTOWN FARM
                                  OLDTOWN FARM
                                  PETERCULTER
                              PETERCULTER AB14 0LN


TRADE ADDRESS: Oldtown Farm Oldtown Farm, PETERCULTER AB14 0LN

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01224735245

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: SC372022

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: January 29, 2010
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name         Turnove
No.                                        r
SC470472        MCKAY & INNES              0
                LIMITED
-               -                          -
-               -                          -
-               -                          -
-               -                          -
-               -                          -
-               -                          -
-               -                          -
-               -                          -
-               -                          -

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Kenneth Raymond Pratt, Property Developer


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Other letting and operating of own or leased real estate
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68209

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: January 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: January 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  January 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  September 16, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  January 29, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  32,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/01/201 31/01/201 31/01/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            7,988,991 3,960,070 3,432,321
Intangible Assets                             16,117         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                         8,005,108 3,960,070 3,432,321
Stocks                                        70,000         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                          24,972    20,409   320,792
Miscellaneous Current Assets                  22,436    19,000         0
Other Current Assets                          47,408    39,409   320,792
Total Current Assets                         117,408    39,409   320,792
Fixed Assets                               7,988,921 3,960,000 3,432,321
Intermediate Assets                               70        70         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               8,122,516 3,999,479 3,753,113



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/01/201 31/01/201 31/01/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            927,504 2,077,835 2,069,448
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                    927,504 2,077,835 2,069,448
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                4,297,075 1,450,000 1,450,000
Total Current Liabilities                    927,504 2,077,835 2,069,448
Total Long Term Liabilities                4,297,075 1,450,000 1,450,000
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          5,224,579 3,527,835 3,519,448
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry         3,011,415    30,000    30,000
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                -496289    58,833     -2266
Revaluation Reserve                          382,811   382,811   205,931
Shareholder Funds                          2,897,937   471,644   233,665
Called Up Share Capital                      514,854    30,000    30,000
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)         2,496,561         0         0
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 7,195,012 1,921,644 1,683,665


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/01/201 31/01/201 31/01/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed   7,195,012 1,921,644 1,683,665
Net Worth          2,881,820   471,644   233,665
Working Capital      -810096  -2038426  -1748656
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets       103.09 116.42  386.1
Current Assets     197.92  -63.4 -10.97
Current            -55.36 -55.18   9.56
Liabilities
Capital Employed   274.42 327.34 772.77
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 59,273 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
70200 Letting of own property



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     3.03    11.52
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0     2.14     6.41
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0    21.62    61.19
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               4.38     7.69    30.85
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       12.15        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .08       .6     2.26
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            27,864.5 79,369.5 161,438.
                                                          1        9        4
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,800 23,120.3 39,861.1
                                                                   7        1
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    70,000 168,352.  404,200
                                                                   9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  29.98     15.9     8.02



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  3
=        8
Year -1  3
=        0
Year -2  1
=        4
Year -3  2
=        0

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/01/201 31/01/201 31/01/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                0.13      0.02      0.16
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.05      0.02      0.16
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.36      0.12      0.06
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                       13.25         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 7,195,012

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2017


                             282 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                January 16, 2017

                       CHURCH FARM (STAINTONDALE) LIMITED

                                  CHURCH FARM
                                  STAINTONDALE
                                  SCARBOROUGH
                              SCARBOROUGH YO13 0EL


TRADE ADDRESS: Church Farm Staintondale, SCARBOROUGH YO13 0EL

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01723870297
FAX: 01933870297

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 00433683

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: April 22, 1947
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Colin William Bird, Farm Worker


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Renting and operating of own or leased real estate
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68200
68320

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: September 30, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: September 30

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  September 30, 2015
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  June 29, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  January 5, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  15,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           30/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                              401,989   403,549   399,465
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                           401,989   403,549   399,465
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                           5,800     5,176     7,806
Miscellaneous Current Assets                     892     1,615     1,500
Other Current Assets                           6,692     6,791     9,306
Total Current Assets                           6,692     6,791     9,306
Fixed Assets                                 401,989   403,549   399,465
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 408,681   410,340   408,771



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           30/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            134,488   106,321    78,918
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                    134,488   106,321    78,918
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                  157,430   173,187   183,077
Total Current Liabilities                    134,488   106,321    78,918
Total Long Term Liabilities                  157,430   173,187   183,077
TOTAL LIABILITIES                            291,918   279,508   261,995
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry               500       500       500
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                 -27658    -13589     2,355
Revaluation Reserve                          143,921   143,921   143,921
Shareholder Funds                            116,763   130,832   146,776
Called Up Share Capital                          500       500       500
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 0         0         0
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                   274,193   304,019   329,853


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   30/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed     274,193   304,019   329,853
Net Worth            116,763   130,832   146,776
Working Capital      -127796    -99530    -69612
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets         -0.4  -0.02   1.07
Current Assets      -1.46 -28.09  21.69
Current             26.49  70.41 188.18
Liabilities
Capital Employed    -9.81 -16.87 -23.34
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 59,273 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
70200 Letting of own property



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     3.03    11.52
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0     2.14     6.41
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0    21.62    61.19
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               4.38     7.69    30.85
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       12.15        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .08       .6     2.26
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            27,864.5 79,369.5 161,438.
                                                          1        9        4
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,800 23,120.3 39,861.1
                                                                   7        1
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    70,000 168,352.  404,200
                                                                   9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  29.98     15.9     8.02



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  4
=        5
Year -1  4
=        8
Year -2  1
=        2
Year -3  9
=        6

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                0/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                0.05      0.06      0.12
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.05      0.06      0.12
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.29      0.32      0.36
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 274,193

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2017


                             283 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

House Agriculture Panel Chides Bankers;
Congressmen Frustrated and Alarmed that Farm Programs Are Not Trickling Down

                            April 10, 1986, Thursday

By NINA EASTON

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


A House Agriculture panel on Wednesday criticized bankers for their lack of
participation in new federal programs designed to bring more credit to farmers.

''It's a disaster. For some reason, it just isn't working,'' Rep. Thomas A.
Daschle, D-S.D., said of the level of participation in a Farmers Home
Administration loan guarantee program expanded by Congress last year.

Representatives of the American Bankers Association and the Independent Bankers
Association of America appeared before the panel -- the House Agriculture
subcommittee on credit -- to discuss pending legislation to expand those
programs. Also appearing were farm representatives and federal bank regulators.

The mood among House members at the hearing was one of alarm and frustration.
With the planting season now upon the nation's farmers -- many of whom cannot
obtain the credit they need -- committee members expressed repeated concern that
the assistance programs already enacted by Congress and adopted by bank
regulators were not trickling down quickly enough to the Farm Belt.

''There is no mechanism to translate assistance down to the farm borrower,''
said Rep. Leon Panetta, D-Calif.

In addition to interest rate buydowns and the expanded loan guarantee program
enacted in the 1985 Farm Bill, bank regulators this year have granted farm banks
and others more flexibility to restructure their troubled loans.

Two bills pending before the committee would encourage more restructurings by
banks of farm loans. They offer more generous interest subsidies than are
currently in existence and would authorize lenders to write off loan losses over
a 10-year period, rather than in the year that the losses occurred.  Similar
legislation is pending in the Senate.

The interest rate buydowns included in this legislation could cost as much as $2
billion over the next three years, according to Vance L. Clark, administrator of
the Farmers Home Administration. In contrast, he said, the 1985 farm bill
provided $490 million to the FmHA over the next three years to fund interest
rate buydowns.

Federal banking regulators oppose the legislation. William Taylor, the Federal
Reserve Board's director of regulation and supervision, said that while the new
legislative approach could benefit lenders, ''the costs of a large part of
interest subsidy and of losses on loans guaranteed would be borne by the
taxpayer.'' He added that plans to defer loan losses over 10 years would ''not
address a bank's fundamental problems.''

Bankers, however, expressed some support for the plan. The ABA said it would
support broadening of the interest rate buydown program ''if funds are
available.''

Complaints of High Money Costs

In addition to complaining that commercial banks are not tapping the FmHA loan
guarantee program, legislators argued that despite the new program of interest
rate buydowns, the cost of money remains high.

But the lenders defended their role in existing aid programs. ''The interest
rates remain high because of the restructuring we've already done,'' said the
ABA's representative, Neal Conover, who is chairman of the First National Bank
in Creston, Iowa. The loss incurred from that restructuring, he added ''has to
be reflected somewhere.''

On congressional criticism of lenders' low participation in the loan guarantee
program, Douglas D. Sims, chief operating officer of the Farm Credit Banks in
St. Louis, said: ''Many farmers do not have the income streams or cash flows to
meet the requirements.''

Added Mr. Conover, ''Banks fear that they take a hit going into the guarantee,
and they fear they may take a hit going out.''

Bankers also noted that the kinks still have not been worked out of the programs
enacted in the 1985 farm bill. ''Unfortunately, the regulations only reached
many [Farmers Home Administration] county offices in mid-March,'' the ABA said
in a prepared statement submitted to the committee. ''New programs, announced
well into the planting season, are difficult for commercial banks to use because
neither the FmHA administrators, the bankers, nor the farmers are familiar with
the requirements.''

Appearing on behalf of the Independent Bankers Association of America, John C.
Dean, president of Glenwood State Bank in Glenwood, Iowa, said that the farmers
that are having the most difficulties obtaining operating loans this season are
those that have lost their usual lenders through bank failures. ''It's the
borrowers that are hung'' when a bank fails, he said.

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 752 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1986 American Banker, Inc.


                             284 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2016 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                               September 30, 2016

                THE BARROW HALL FARM MANAGEMENT COMPANY LIMITED

                               6 BARROW HALL FARM
                        6 BARROW HALL FARM, VILLAGE ROAD
                                  GREAT BARROW
                                CHESTER CH3 7JH


TRADE ADDRESS: 6 Barrow Hall Farm 6 Barrow Hall Farm, Village Road, CHESTER CH3
7JH

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 04291569

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: September 21, 2001
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Kerry Stewart Walker, Software Engineer
     ·    Mark Kevin John Prior, Production Manager
     ·    Gerald Arthur Higginbotham, Finance Manager
     ·    Nancy Helen Gillespie, Accountant


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Management of real estate on a fee or contract basis
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited company without share capital::Private Limited
company without share capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68320

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  September 19, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  September 21, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  12,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                          28,788    26,784    24,146
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         0         0
Other Current Assets                          28,788    26,784    24,146
Total Current Assets                          28,788    26,784    24,146
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                  28,788    26,784    24,146



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities             26,146    24,221    21,655
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                     26,146    24,221    21,655
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                     26,146    24,221    21,655
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                             26,146    24,221    21,655
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                  2,642     2,563     2,491
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                              2,642     2,563     2,491
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                     2,642     2,563     2,491


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed       2,642     2,563     2,491
Net Worth              2,642     2,563     2,491
Working Capital        2,642     2,563     2,491
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets         7.48  19.22   19.9
Current Assets       7.48  19.22   19.9
Current              7.95  20.74  21.32
Liabilities
Capital Employed     3.08   6.06   7.44
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 27,873 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
70320 Management of real estate on a fee or contract
basis



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     6.52       25
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0      .55    16.22
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0     1.98       20
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              44.56    89.16   165.42
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       52.87        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                     .8     1.13     2.81
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            27,964.2 51,071.8   86,397
                                                          7        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  15,348.8 25,915.8 41,333.3
                                                          9        1        3
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                     8,000   31,000 107,634.
                                                                            8
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  47.43    31.17    12.92



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  5
=        6
Year -1  5
=        6
Year -2  4
=        9
Year -3  4
=        9

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                 1.1      1.11      1.12
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                   1.1      1.11      1.12
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.09       0.1       0.1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 2,642

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2017


                             285 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                              June 10, 2013 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Agency loans help new, urban farmers

BYLINE: Esther Robards-Forbes American-Statesman Staff

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1122 words


Brenton Johnson left a government engineering job five years ago to become an
organic farmer in East Austin.

While that sounds like the fantasy of many urbanites, it's becoming the reality
for a new generation of younger farmers. Some are turning to agriculture as a
new career. Others are returning to farming roots that go back for generations.

There are a few things helping support the recent uptick in new and young
farmers in Central Texas.

First, Austin has a food culture that is obsessed with locally grown eatables,
particularly organic and sustainably raised items.

Second, prices for livestock and commodities such as corn and cotton have hit
record highs in the past few years, making agricultural ventures more
attractive.

And third, the Farm Service Agency, a quiet federal office that doesn't get a
lot of attention, has been loaning millions of dollars, with $12.6 million this
year alone, to farmers and ranchers in Central Texas. The number of farmers
receiving such loans has more than quadruped in the past 10 years.

The boom in lending is largely attributable to the agency's new microloan
program and the diversity of agriculture in the Central Texas area, said Terri
Treviño, Farm Service Agency farm loan manager for Central Texas. These loans of
$35,000 or less are allowing small-scale operators to enter agriculture. A
full-scale farm loan is up to $300,000 for land and $300,000 for equipment and
operating expenses, she said.

Johnson says taking up farming was a risky decision, but one of the best he's
ever made.

"Farmers in Austin are rock stars," Johnson said. "People have so much
appreciation for where their food comes from."

Out of the backyard

Johnson, 40, started his organic vegetable farm in his East Austin backyard in
2002. He had a few extra veggies and hauled them to a farmers market.

"They asked me how much for the broccoli and the kale, and I figured out I
didn't know everything because I had no idea what to charge," he said. "It was
basically a hobby that got out of control."

He asked those first customers to pay what they thought was fair. That first day
at the market, he brought home about $100. Last week at market, his produce
brought in $24,000.

When he outgrew his backyard plot, Johnson was able to buy 20 acres in East
Austin and 180 acres east of town. His company, Johnson's Backyard Garden, has
expanded and now participates in a community supported agriculture model that
sends locally grown produce to the homes of residents who pay for the service.
It has 2,000 members. Johnson's Backyard Garden also sells to 200 restaurants in
the Austin area and grocery stores like

H-E-B and Whole Foods. The company, which expects to have about $4.5 million in
sales this year, recently expanded to Dallas.

"We didn't have a grand plan at all to do this, but just by sheer luck we ended
up in the best place in the whole country to be in the business we're in," said
Johnson, who lives in a double-wide mobile home on one of his farms. "Some of
the best farmers markets in the country are here as well as the support for
local food in the community."

Johnson said the total amount he borrowed from the Farm Service Agency grew to
$1 million over the past few years. He's managed to pay down $650,000.

So far this year, the Farm Service Agency has loaned $12.6 million in Central
Texas, Treviño said. The money is used to buy land and equipment and to cover
operating expenses. That's up from $9.5 million loaned in 2010. Ten years ago,
her office loaned out just $1.8 million.

The agency isn't a typical lender. It offers interest rates between 1.25 percent
for the microloans and 3.37 percent to buy land for those unable to get
conventional credit. Its loan managers work with farmers and ranchers to develop
a business plan and a feasibility study before loans are granted. Agency loans
have a 98 percent repayment rate, Treviño said.

Some of the funds are targeted directly at those with less than 10 years of
experience in agriculture. Other funds are aimed at minority groups in
agriculture, such as women.

The rise of smaller farms is also creating opportunities for other kinds of
agricultural jobs.

Raul Vergara and his son-in-law, Mark Bradley, are professional beekeepers who
have placed 85 hives on organic farms within 35 miles of Austin. They keep the
bees on the farms for free, and farmers get increased pollination and bigger
yields.

With help from a Farm Service Agency microloan, Bradley and Vergara launched the
Austin Honey Co. last year. They sell honey, whipped honey spreads and honey lip
balm at local farmers markets. They are on track to reach 100 hives or more this
year and are making a living, they said. They also offer beekeeping classes.

"Maybe we'll be an example to people in other parts of Texas," said Bradley, who
left a job as a commercial landscaper to become a full-time beekeeper. "Organic
production needs pollination."

The next generation

Getting younger people and new farmers and ranchers involved in agriculture is
necessary if America wants to keep feeding itself, said Mark Welch of the Texas
A&M AgriLife Extension Service. The average age of the American farmer was about
57 when data was last collected in 2007, he said. The average age has been on
the rise for decades, but, for the first time, he has hope that it will go down.

"As our farmers get older, who is going to farm the land?" Welch said. "If all
of these new folks make a small contribution, it creates a network of providing
for the needs of their neighbors."

Johnson says there are a lot of potential farm plots, even in urban areas, that
are going unplanted because there are many barriers to entering agriculture. He
doesn't think his agricultural engineering degree from Auburn University in
Alabama prepared him to be an organic farmer. Farmers have to understand
everything from soil science to pest management.

"I didn't have a clear pathway to get into farming, and I went to an
agricultural school," Johnson said. "I would love to see our community be a lot
less dependent on food being trucked in from other places, and I don't see any
reason why we shouldn't grow more of our own food. We have a good climate and
good soils."

Johnson is in the process of launching a nonprofit, Farmshare Austin, that will
offer six-month paid courses on his organic farms where students can learn
production techniques. He hopes that a new generation will consider farming as a
career. Classes are planned for spring 2014.

"It's very encouraging to see young people take an interest in farming and
ranching," Treviño said. "Farmers and ranchers provide food and fiber that feeds
and clothes the world and provide jobs to improve the rural economy."

Contact Esther Robards-Forbes at 512-392-8750.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                             286 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 4, 2017

                               FLYING FEUHOLD LTD

                                 KAIMHILL FARM
                                 KAIMHILL FARM
                                   KILBIRNIE
                               KILBIRNIE KA25 7JZ


TRADE ADDRESS: Kaimhill Farm Kaimhill Farm, KILBIRNIE KA25 7JZ

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: SC333122

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: October 30, 2007
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Duncan Shaw Roebuck, Director


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    MrsVickiRoebuck, Surveyor


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Other letting and operating of own or leased real estate
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68209

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  December 22, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  December 10, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  18,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                              134,224   133,162   133,162
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                           134,224   133,162   133,162
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                           7,619    20,989    19,184
Miscellaneous Current Assets                   7,569    26,822    28,517
Other Current Assets                          15,188    47,811    47,701
Total Current Assets                          15,188    47,811    47,701
Fixed Assets                                 134,224   133,162   133,162
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 149,412   180,973   180,863



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities             18,968    44,222    40,503
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                     18,968    44,222    40,503
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                     18,968    44,222    40,503
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                             18,968    44,222    40,503
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry               100       100       100
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                130,344   136,651   140,260
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                            130,444   136,751   140,360
Called Up Share Capital                          100       100       100
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                   130,444   136,751   140,360


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed     130,444   136,751   140,360
Net Worth            130,444   136,751   140,360
Working Capital        -3780     3,589     7,198
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets       -17.44 -17.39  -0.31
Current Assets     -68.23 -68.16  -9.15
Current            -57.11 -53.17  -3.49
Liabilities
Capital Employed    -4.61  -7.06   0.17
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 58,631 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
70209 Other letting of own property



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0        3    11.09
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0     2.14     6.18
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0    22.22    61.54
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               4.33     7.48    28.07
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       10.36        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .07       .6     2.26
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            34,120.6 83,053.1 162,422.
                                                          7        8        4
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  13,902.9 24,947.7 47,262.5
                                                          4
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    75,000 184,742.  404,200
                                                                   8
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  29.42    15.57     7.87



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  8
=        6
Year -1  8
=        1
Year -2  5
=        0
Year -3  6
=        4

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                 0.8      1.08      1.18
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                   0.8      1.08      1.18
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.87      0.76      0.78
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 130,444

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2017


                             287 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 23, 2017

                           NORTH FARM ESTATES LIMITED

                               NORTH FARM ESTATES
                                  NORTH FAWLEY
                                    WANTAGE
                                WANTAGE OX12 9NJ


TRADE ADDRESS: North Farm Fawley, WANTAGE OX12 9NJ

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01488638243

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 00577919

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: February 1, 1957
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name       Turnove
No.                                      r
03512280        NORTH FARM STUD          0
                LTD
-               -                        -
-               -                        -
-               -                        -
-               -                        -
-               -                        -
-               -                        -
-               -                        -
-               -                        -
-               -                        -

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Agnes Muir, Farmer
     ·    Ms Grace Ellzabeth Muir, Stud Manager


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Other letting and operating of own or leased real estate
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68209
01610

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  December 13, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  December 31, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  108,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            3,747,268 5,020,000   410,210
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                         3,747,268 5,020,000   410,210
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                         835,658         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets               1,337,621   471,063   471,824
Other Current Assets                       2,173,279   471,063   471,824
Total Current Assets                       2,173,279   471,063   471,824
Fixed Assets                               3,462,308 5,000,000   390,210
Intermediate Assets                          284,960    20,000    20,000
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               5,920,547 5,491,063   882,034



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            263,232       611       720
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                    263,232       611       720
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                    263,232       611       720
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                            263,232       611       720
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry             3,000     3,000     3,000
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve              2,637,845   877,663   878,314
Revaluation Reserve                        3,016,470 4,609,789         -
Shareholder Funds                          5,657,315 5,490,452   881,314
Called Up Share Capital                        3,000     3,000     3,000
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 0         0         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 5,657,315 5,490,452   881,314


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed   5,657,315 5,490,452   881,314
Net Worth          5,657,315 5,490,452   881,314
Working Capital    1,910,047   470,452   471,104
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts    2 Years      3 5 Years
                             Years
                        GBP    GBP     GBP
Sales                     -      -       -
Pretax                    -      -       -
Total Assets           7.82 571.24 1,162.2
Current Assets       361.36 360.61       -
Current            42,982.1 36,460 1,159.4
Liabilities               6              8
Capital Employed       3.04 541.92 1,162.3
                                         3
Employee Wages            -      -       -
Number of                 -      -       -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 59,273 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
70200 Letting of own property



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     3.03    11.52
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0     2.14     6.41
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0    21.62    61.19
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               4.38     7.69    30.85
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       12.15        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .08       .6     2.26
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            27,864.5 79,369.5 161,438.
                                                          1        9        4
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,800 23,120.3 39,861.1
                                                                   7        1
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    70,000 168,352.  404,200
                                                                   9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  29.98     15.9     8.02



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  9
=        8
Year -1  9
=        7
Year -2  6
=        4
Year -3  -
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                8.26    770.97    655.31
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  8.26    770.97    655.31
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.96         1         1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 5,657,315

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: RSM Tax & Accounting Ltd

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2017


                             288 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                 March 7, 2017

                           CHANNEL WOODCRAFT LIMITED

                                 THE FARM HOUSE
                                 YEW TREE FARM
                             STONE STREET STANFORD
                                ASHFORD TN25 6DH


TRADE ADDRESS: The Farm House Yew Tree Farm Stone Street Stanford, ASHFORD TN25
6DH

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
FAX: 01303-850734

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 05379315

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: March 1, 2005
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name                  Turnover
No.
00589554        CHANNEL SAW MILLS LIMITED     2,066,13
                                                     6
00336345        CHANNEL WOODCRAFT 2005        2,582,67
                LIMITED                              0
-               -                                    -
-               -                                    -
-               -                                    -
-               -                                    -
-               -                                    -
-               -                                    -
-               -                                    -
-               -                                    -

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Robert Lycett Mather, Director
     ·    Stuart John Bonomy, Accountant
     ·    Douglas Bonomy, Director
     ·    Ian John Mather, Project Manager


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    Amy ElizabethBonomy, Office Manager


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Other letting and operating of own or leased real estate
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68209

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: August 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: August 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  August 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  January 9, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  March 1, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  72,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/08/201 31/08/201 31/08/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            2,135,530 2,134,698 2,132,989
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                         2,135,530 2,134,698 2,132,989
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                          30,713    50,279    33,707
Miscellaneous Current Assets                 281,298   286,085   290,356
Other Current Assets                         312,011   336,364   324,063
Total Current Assets                         312,011   336,364   324,063
Fixed Assets                                   4,930     4,098     2,389
Intermediate Assets                        2,130,600 2,130,600 2,130,600
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               2,447,541 2,471,062 2,457,052



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/08/201 31/08/201 31/08/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities             38,136    47,322    46,917
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                     38,136    47,322    46,917
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                  211,453   235,305   266,244
Total Current Liabilities                     38,136    47,322    46,917
Total Long Term Liabilities                  211,453   235,305   266,244
TOTAL LIABILITIES                            249,589   282,627   313,161
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry           148,489   148,489   148,489
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve              1,350,120 1,340,603 1,296,059
Revaluation Reserve                          699,343   699,343   699,343
Shareholder Funds                          2,197,952 2,188,435 2,143,891
Called Up Share Capital                      148,489   148,489   148,489
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 0         0         0
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 2,409,405 2,423,740 2,410,135


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/08/201 31/08/201 31/08/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed   2,409,405 2,423,740 2,410,135
Net Worth          2,197,952 2,188,435 2,143,891
Working Capital      273,875   289,042   277,146
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets        -0.95  -0.39   0.43
Current Assets      -7.24  -3.72   3.35
Current            -19.41 -18.72 -19.89
Liabilities
Capital Employed    -0.59  -0.03   0.84
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 59,273 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
70200 Letting of own property



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     3.03    11.52
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0     2.14     6.41
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0    21.62    61.19
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               4.38     7.69    30.85
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       12.15        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .08       .6     2.26
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            27,864.5 79,369.5 161,438.
                                                          1        9        4
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,800 23,120.3 39,861.1
                                                                   7        1
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    70,000 168,352.  404,200
                                                                   9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  29.98     15.9     8.02



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  9
=        3
Year -1  9
=        3
Year -2  7
=        1
Year -3  4
=        5

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/08/201 31/08/201 31/08/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                8.18      7.11      6.91
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  8.18      7.11      6.91
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                    0.9      0.89      0.87
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 2,409,405

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Cassidys Chartered Accountants

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2017


                             289 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Odessa American (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 27, 2009 Sunday

BRIEF: USDA offers farm loans

BYLINE: Odessa American, Texas

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 192 words


Dec. 27--The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency is offering
direct and guaranteed farm ownership and operating loan programs for farmers and
ranchers who can't currently obtain private commercial credit, according to a
news release.

The loans, which guarantee loans made by conventional agricultural lenders for
up to 95 percent of principal, are designed to help beginning farmers who have
trouble getting financing because of insufficient financial resources and
established farmers who have financial setbacks because of natural disasters of
limited resources.

The farm loan office serving Ector County and 13 other West Texas counties is
located at 2306 W. Dickinson Blvd. in Fort Stockton. For information, call
432-336-5206.

To see more of the Odessa American, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.oaoa.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Odessa American, Texas Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091227-OD-BRF-USDA-offers-farm-loans-1227

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OD


                         Copyright 2009 Odessa American


                             290 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 Holmes County Herald (Lexington, Mississippi)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 24, 2014

Agriculture Secretary Vilsack announced increased opportunity for producers

BYLINE: Holmes County Herald staff

LENGTH: 362  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack recently announced increased opportunity for
producers as a result of the 2014 Farm Bill. A fact sheet outlining
modifications to the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Farm Service Agency
(FSA) Farm Loan Programs is available on the FSA Farm Bill website
www.fsa.usda.gov.

"Our nation's farmers and ranchers are the engine of the rural economy. These
improvements to our Farm Loan Programs will help a new generation begin farming
and grow existing farm operations," said Secretary Vilsack. "This announcement
represents just one part of a series of investments the new Farm Bill makes in
the next generation of agriculture, which is critical to economic growth in
communities across the country."

The Farm Bill expands lending opportunities for thousands of farmers and
ranchers to begin and continue operations, including greater flexibility in
determining eligibility, raising loan limits, and emphasizing beginning and
socially disadvantaged producers.

Changes that will take effect immediately include:

Elimination of loan term limits for guaranteed operating loans Modification of
the definition of beginning farmer, using the average farm size for the county
as a qualifier instead of the median farm size.

Modification of the Joint Financing Direct Farm Ownership Interest Rate to 2
percent less than regular Direct Farm Ownership rate, with a floor of 2.5
percent Previously, the rate was established at 5 percent.

Increase of the maximum loan amount for Direct Farm Ownership down payments from
$225,000 to $300,000 Elimination of rural residency requirement for Youth Loans,
allowing urban youth to benefit Debt forgiveness on Youth Loans, which will not
prevent borrowers from obtaining additional loans from the federal government.

Increase of the guarantee amount on Conservation Loans from 75 to 80 percent and
90 percent for socially disadvantaged borrowers and beginning farmers.

Microloans will not count toward loan term limits for veterans and beginning
farmers.

Additional modifications must be implemented through the rulemaking processes.
Visit www.fsa.usda.gov for detailed information and updates to farm loan
programs.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HCH

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2014 Holmes County Herald


                             291 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Journal-World (Lawrence, Kansas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 15, 2008 Wednesday

BRIEF: 10- to 20-year-olds eligible for loans

BYLINE: Journal-World, Lawrence, Kan.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 191 words


Oct. 15--The USDA Farm Service Agency, 343 W. 23rd St., Ottawa, will make
operating loans to youths 10 to 20 years old to establish and operate
income-producing projects.

The individual must be a U.S. citizen, live in open country of a town of less
than 50,000 people and be unable to get a loan from other sources.

The agency will loan up to $5,000 to be used to finance the income-producing
projects in conjunction with participation in 4-H, FFA or a similar club.

Common projects include livestock, crops, and vegetable, fruit or tree
production. Funds may be used to buy livestock, equipment, plants or supplies or
to pay operating expenses.

For more information, contact the Farm Service Agency at (785) 242-3527 or
fsa.usda.gov.

To see more of the Journal-World, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.ljworld.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, Journal-World, Lawrence, Kan.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081015-LW-BRF-10-to-20-year-olds-eligible-for-loans-1015

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LW


                          Copyright 2008 Journal-World


                             292 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2014 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                            WMI - Business Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                               February 20, 2014

                                   Dewey Bank

                    PALMCROY HOUSE, 387 LONDON ROAD CR0 3PB
                                 United Kingdom

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

COMPANY OVERVIEW


   Dewey Bank is a banking service provider, based in the US. The company
provides personal banking products and services, such as checking accounts,
savings accounts, certificates of deposit, MasterCard debit cards, consumer
loans, safe deposit boxes, automotive loans, real estate loans, home loans, and
deposit products. Dewey Bank's business banking products and services include
business checking accounts, retirement plans, commercial loans, agricultural
loans, stop payments, money orders, notary service, ATM services and wire
transfer. Its agricultural banking solutions include agricultural loans, such as
farm operating loans and working capital, farm machinery loans and farm
equipment loans, and farm real estate loans and farm livestock loans. The
company operates through its two offices located in Dewey and Saybrook,
Illinois. Dewey Bank is headquartered in Dewey, Illinois, the US.


BUSINESS DESCRIPTION:




* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *






LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2014


                             293 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 24, 2017

                          CHESHIRE FARM MACHINERY LTD

                                 BENTLEYS FARM
                                      LANE
                                 HIGHER WHITLEY
                               WARRINGTON WA4 4QW


TRADE ADDRESS: Unit 1, Marbury House Farm Bentleys Farm Lane, WARRINGTON WA4 4QW

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01925730075
URL: www.cheshirefarmmachinery.co.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 07588860

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: April 4, 2011
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Andrew Simon Dutton, Tractor & Farm Machinery Dealer
     ·    Stephen David Sykes, Tractor & Farm Machinery Dealer


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    Stephen DavidSykes


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Manufacture of agricultural tractors
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
28301
46610

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: January 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: January 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  January 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Total Exemption Full
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  July 14, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  April 4, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  12,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/01/201 31/01/201 31/01/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                               56,025    62,548    53,081
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                            56,025    62,548    53,081
Stocks                                       510,434   519,610   262,848
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                           1,146       339    65,433
Miscellaneous Current Assets                 261,815   158,108    98,782
Other Current Assets                         262,961   158,447   164,215
Total Current Assets                         773,395   678,057   427,063
Fixed Assets                                  56,025    62,548    53,081
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 829,420   740,605   480,144



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/01/201 31/01/201 31/01/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            697,826   665,365   446,411
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                    697,826   665,365   446,411
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                   19,885         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                    697,826   665,365   446,411
Total Long Term Liabilities                   19,885         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                            717,711   665,365   446,411
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry               100       100       100
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                111,609    75,140    33,633
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                            111,709    75,240    33,733
Called Up Share Capital                          100       100       100
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                   131,594    75,240    33,733


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/01/201 31/01/201 31/01/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed     131,594    75,240    33,733
Net Worth            111,709    75,240    33,733
Working Capital       75,569    12,692    -19348
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets        11.99  72.74 124.01
Current Assets      14.06   81.1 136.25
Current              4.88  56.32  97.62
Liabilities
Capital Employed     74.9  290.1 667.71
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 28 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
29310 Manufacture of agricultural tractors



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  2
=        4
Year -1  1
=        8
Year -2  3
=        0
Year -3  3
=        0

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/01/201 31/01/201 31/01/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.11      1.02      0.96
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.38      0.24      0.37
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.13       0.1      0.07
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                        1.37      1.28       1.7
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 131,594

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2017


                             294 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             India Investment News

                       March 14, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Farmland Partners Reports Results for Quarter, Year Ended Dec. 31, 2015,
Announces Operating Revenues of $13.8 Million, $0.45 AFFO Per Share for 2015 -
Increases of 226%, 101%, Respectively, Over 2014

LENGTH: 1638  words


March 14 -- Farmland Partners Inc. (NYSE: FPI) (the "Company") today reported
financial results for the quarter and year ended December 31, 2015.

Fourth Quarter and Full Year Highlights

* 2015 operating revenues were $13.8 million as compared to 2014 operating
revenues of $4.2 million, an increase of 226%

* 2015 net income was $1.7 million as compared to a net loss of $0.7 million in
2014, an increase of $2.4 million

* 2015 Adjusted Funds from Operations ("AFFO") was $5.8 million as compared to
2014 AFFO of $1.3 million, an increase of 354%

* 2015 Adjusted EBITDA was $10.4 million as compared to 2014 Adjusted EBITDA of
$2.7 million, an increase of 294%

* Reported AFFO per diluted weighted average share of $0.12 for the fourth
quarter and $0.45 for year ended December 31, 2015

* Closed on $143.4 million of farm acquisitions totaling 27,782 acres during
2015

* On July 21, 2015, the Company completed an underwritten public offering of
3,360,000 shares of common stock at a price per share of $11.00 for net proceeds
of $34.6 million

* Transferred the listing of common stock from the NYSE MKT to the New York
Stock Exchange ("NYSE")

* Launched the FPI Loan Program to provide loans to farmers secured by land

* Declared a dividend of $0.1275 per share ($0.51 annualized) for each of the
last three quarters of 2015, representing a 10% increase over the first quarter
dividend

"In 2015, we effectively doubled our portfolio by closing on nearly 28,000 acres
and, in November, putting under contract the 22,100 acres near Paris, Illinois,
which recently closed," said Paul Pittman, CEO of the Company. "By entering into
four new states, acquiring our first permanent crop farm, increasing our tenant
base, and starting other initiatives such as the FPI Loan Program and the volume
purchasing program, we continued a growth trajectory that we believe has made us
one of the largest landowners in the United States, while also diversifying our
holdings and offering programs that support our farmers."

Other Recent Highlights

On March 3, 2016, the Company announced that it had closed its previously
announced acquisition of 118 farms totaling over 22,100 acres near Paris,
Illinois for total consideration of $50.0 million in cash, 2,608,695 common
units of limited partnership interest in the Company's operating partnership
("OP Units"), and $117 million in newly classified preferred OP Units. The
common OP Units issued were valued at $11.50 per share, resulting in total
consideration of $197 million.

The Company has entered into lease agreements with 18 tenants, 14 of whom were
tenants of the prior owners. With the addition of these new operators and farms,
the Company now has 72 tenants across 258 farms, including five tenants on five
farms currently under contract.

First Quarter 2016 Dividend Declaration

The Company also announced that its Board of Directors has approved a quarterly
cash dividend of $0.1275 per share to be paid on April 15, 2016 to stockholders
of record at close of business on April 1, 2016. The annualized dividend of
$0.51 per share represents an annual distribution rate of 4.75% based on the
Company's closing stock price on Monday, March 14, 2016.

Investment Activity

In the fourth quarter of 2015, the Company completed nine acquisitions in five
states as follows:

* One farm in Illinois totaling 78 acres for a purchase price of $0.8 million

* Two farms in Nebraska totaling 240 acres for an aggregate purchase price of
$2.0 million

* Three farms in Georgia totaling 1,367 acres for an aggregate purchase price of
$4.9 million

* Three farms in Colorado and Kansas totaling 1,388 acres for an aggregate
purchase price of $2.2 million

In addition, in the fourth quarter of 2015, the Company entered into contracts
for the acquisition of 121 farms in Georgia, Michigan, Texas, and Illinois
totaling 25,057 acres for an aggregate purchase price of $205.9 million, all of
which closed subsequent to December 31, 2015.

The Company also entered into contracts in the fourth quarter of 2015 for the
acquisition of two farms in Louisiana and Mississippi totaling 8,024 acres for
an aggregate purchase price of $34.1 million, both of which are expected to
close in the first half of 2016.

Furthermore, subsequent to December 31, 2015, the Company entered into contracts
for the acquisition of two farms in Georgia and Illinois totaling 248 acres for
an aggregate purchase price of $1.0 million, both of which have since closed,
and three farms in Illinois and Georgia totaling 567 acres for an aggregate
purchase price of $2.2 million, all of which are expected to close in the first
quarter of 2016.

Balance Sheet and Financing Activity

As of December 31, 2015, the Company had total gross outstanding debt of $187.2
million.

On March 14, 2016, the Company received from MetLife Agricultural Investments
("MetLife") commitments in the total aggregate amount of $127 million for
mortgage loans secured by farmland. MetLife's loan commitments are subject to
customary conditions, and expire between May 24, 2016 and June 14, 2016. The
Company intends to use proceeds from these loans to refinance existing debt, to
acquire new properties, and for general corporate purposes. The Company can
provide no assurances that it will enter into a loan with MetLife on the terms
it currently anticipates, or at all.

AFFO and Adjusted EBITDA

AFFO was $2.0 million for the fourth quarter of 2015, as compared to $0.3
million for the fourth quarter of 2014, and $5.8 million for the year ended
December 31, 2015, as compared to $1.3 million for the year ended December 31,
2014. AFFO per diluted weighted average share was $0.12 for the fourth quarter
of 2015 and $0.45 for the year ended December 31, 2015, as compared to $0.04 for
the fourth quarter of 2014 and $0.22 for the year ended December 31, 2014.

Adjusted EBITDA was $3.3 million for the fourth quarter of 2015, as compared to
$0.8 million for the fourth quarter of 2014, and $10.4 million for the year
ended December 31, 2015, as compared to $2.7 million for the year ended December
31, 2014.

See "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for complete definitions of AFFO and Adjusted
EBITDA and the financial tables accompanying this press release for
reconciliations of net income to AFFO and Adjusted EBITDA.

Operating Results

The Company owns or has under contract 258 farms in Arkansas, Colorado, Georgia,
Illinois, Kansas, Louisiana, Michigan, Mississippi, Nebraska, North Carolina,
South Carolina, Texas and Virginia totaling approximately 108,163 acres,
including 123 farms totaling 25,305 acres acquired subsequent to December 31,
2015 and five farms totaling 8,591 acres under contract.

The majority of the Company's leases provide for a fixed cash rent payment.
Tenant leases on acquired farms generally require the tenant to pay the Company
rent for the entire initial year regardless of the date of acquisition, if the
acquisition is closed prior to, or shortly after, planting of crops. If the
acquisition is closed later in the year, the Company typically receives a
partial rent payment or no rent payment at all.

The Company recorded rental income of $4.7 million and net income of $0.9
million for the three months ended December 31, 2015, as compared to rental
income of $1.4 million and a net loss of $0.3 million for the same period in
2014. The Company recorded rental income of $13.5 million and net income of $1.7
million for the year ended December 31, 2015, as compared to rental income of
$4.0 million and a net loss of $0.7 million for 2014.

Total rental income increased $9.6 million or, 241.2%, for the year ended
December 31, 2015, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2014. Cash rental
income for the same-property portfolio decreased $18,807, or 0.7%, for the year
ended December 31, 2015, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2014, as a
result of average annual rent for the same-property portfolio decreasing to $357
per acre in 2015 from $360 per acre in 2014. The Company can provide no
assurances that crop yields and prices will reach expected levels or that the
Company will obtain the rents it anticipates.

2016 Rents

As of March 14, 2016, the Company's portfolio included 258 farms totaling
approximately 108,163 acres, including five farms totaling 8,591 under contract,
with projected 2016 annual rent of approximately $21.3 million. The projected
2016 annual rent includes approximately $1.8 million under variable rent leases,
which is management's estimate based on the historical productivity of those
farms and regional crop price projections, an estimated $0.4 million for leases
that are currently under negotiation, and $0.2 million in internal leases.

Conference Call Information

The Company has scheduled a conference call on Tuesday, March 15, 2016 at 11:00
a.m. (Eastern Time) to discuss its financial results for the fourth quarter and
year ended December 31, 2015 and provide a company update. The conference call
can be accessed live over the phone toll-free by dialing (866) 262-6804, or for
international callers, (412) 902-4107. Participants can reference the Farmland
Partners Inc. Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2015 Earnings Call. The conference
call will also be available via a live listen-only webcast and can be accessed
through the Investor Relations section of the Company's website,
www.farmlandpartners.com, along with a supplemental presentation that will be
presented during the conference call.

A replay of the conference call will be available beginning March 15, 2016 at
1:00 p.m. (Eastern Time) until March 29, 2016 at 11:59 p.m. (Eastern Time), by
dialing (877) 344-7529 (U.S.) or (412) 317-0088 (International); passcode:
10082368. A replay of the webcast will also be accessible on the Investor
Relations section of the Company's website for a limited time following the
event.

Source: Farmland Partners

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             295 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               February 11, 2017

                         CHALK FARM INVESTMENTS LIMITED

                       1A CHALK FARM PARADE, ADELAIDE RD
                              1A CHALK FARM PARADE
                                 ADELAIDE ROAD
                                 LONDON NW3 2BN


TRADE ADDRESS: Chalk Farm Parade Adelaide Road, LONDON NW3 2BN

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 02075868688

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 06069895

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: January 26, 2007
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name      Turnove
No.                                     r
02565849        THAMESHOLD              0
                LIMITED
-               -                       -
-               -                       -
-               -                       -
-               -                       -
-               -                       -
-               -                       -
-               -                       -
-               -                       -
-               -                       -

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    David Anthony Aarons, Director
     ·    Ms Vanessa Aarons, Lawyer


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Other letting and operating of own or leased real estate
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68209

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  September 20, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  January 26, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  324,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            12,692,79 12,692,86 11,611,59
                                                   7         7         2
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                         12,692,79 12,692,86 11,611,59
                                                   7         7         2
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                         287,043   399,842   193,020
Miscellaneous Current Assets                 223,985    17,639    22,914
Other Current Assets                         511,028   417,481   215,934
Total Current Assets                         511,028   417,481   215,934
Fixed Assets                               12,692,64 12,692,71 11,611,44
                                                   5         5         0
Intermediate Assets                              152       152       152
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               13,203,82 13,110,34 11,827,52
                                                   5         8         6



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            403,326   461,989   454,461
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                    403,326   461,989   454,461
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                              469,906         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                          469,906         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                  769,342 1,477,510 1,741,227
Total Current Liabilities                    403,326   461,989   454,461
Total Long Term Liabilities                1,239,248 1,477,510 1,741,227
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          1,642,574 1,939,499 2,195,688
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry         1,697,852 1,697,852 1,697,852
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve              3,740,672 3,350,270 2,903,752
Revaluation Reserve                        6,122,727 6,122,727 5,030,234
Shareholder Funds                          11,561,25 11,170,84 9,631,838
                                                   1         9
Called Up Share Capital                           75        75        75
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)         1,697,777 1,697,777 1,697,777
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 12,800,49 12,648,35 11,373,06
                                                   9         9         5


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed   12,800,49 12,648,35 11,373,06
                           9         9         5
Net Worth          11,561,25 11,170,84 9,631,838
                           1         9
Working Capital      107,702    -44508   -238527
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets         0.71  11.64  33.52
Current Assets      22.41 136.66 158.38
Current             -12.7 -11.25  43.27
Liabilities
Capital Employed      1.2  12.55  33.24
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 58,631 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
70209 Other letting of own property



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0        3    11.09
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0     2.14     6.18
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0    22.22    61.54
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               4.33     7.48    28.07
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       10.36        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .07       .6     2.26
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            34,120.6 83,053.1 162,422.
                                                          7        8        4
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  13,902.9 24,947.7 47,262.5
                                                          4
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    75,000 184,742.  404,200
                                                                   8
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  29.42    15.57     7.87



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  9
=        0
Year -1  9
=        0
Year -2  9
=        3
Year -3  6
=        7

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.27       0.9      0.48
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  1.27       0.9      0.48
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                          4.06         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.88      0.85      0.81
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                      4.06         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                        4.36         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                           0.04         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 12,800,499

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2017


                             296 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                 March 7, 2017

                         J.B SHROPSHIRE & SONS LIMITED

                                  HAINEY FARM
                                     BARWAY
                                      ELY
                                  ELY CB7 5TZ


TRADE ADDRESS: Hainey Farm Barway Road, Soham, ELY CB7 5TZ

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01353721244
FAX: 01353-723021
URL: www.gs-marketing.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 03516726

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: February 25, 1998
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 752

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name                    Turnover
No.
10601693        HJ PROP LTD                            0
10503345        GW PROP LTD                       55,104
10503324        CJ PROP LTD                       55,104
07840815        HIGHFIELD BARN LIMITED                 0
07616898        CHELBURY MUSHROOM FARMS                0
                LIMITED
06459864        FENLANDER LTD                     61,200
06319343        SANDFIELDS FARMS LIMITED       52,520,03
                                                       5
05614989        CAMBS FARMS GROWERS LIMITED    38,296,67
                                                       2
05077058        COTSWOLD COMPOST LTD                   0
04707896        BUTTERCUP CATERING LIMITED             0

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr John Bourne Shropshire, Company Director
     ·    Mr David Thompson Thompson, Director


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: 160805 Growing of non-perennial crops
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated HCO

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
01100 - Growing of crops; market gardening; horticulture
01130 - Growing of fruit, nuts, beverage and spice crops

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: October 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: October 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  October 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Group
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  August 31, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  November 6, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  1,822,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/10/201 03/05/201 04/05/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            25,962,36 24,387,61 23,135,41
                                                   7         5         5
Intangible Assets                              6,643         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                         25,969,01 24,387,61 23,135,41
                                                   0         5         5
Stocks                                     6,321,188 6,741,965 5,720,932
Debtors                                    7,680,450 11,620,91 9,219,286
                                                             1
Cash                                       1,379,976 1,188,187 3,988,099
Miscellaneous Current Assets               8,928,366 13,370,76 14,442,21
                                                             7         6
Other Current Assets                       10,308,34 14,558,95 18,430,31
                                                   2         4         5
Total Current Assets                       24,309,98 32,921,83 33,370,53
                                                   0         0         3
Fixed Assets                               18,846,78 18,122,79 16,959,20
                                                   5         2         2
Intermediate Assets                        7,115,582 6,264,823 6,176,213
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               50,278,99 57,309,44 56,505,94
                                                   0         5         8



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/10/201 03/05/201 04/05/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                  3,792,827 5,564,695 4,971,251
Bank Overdraft                                12,600 6,175,231 5,993,272
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities          13,357,16 16,743,10 16,734,30
                                                   3         9         3
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                     482,347   507,880   829,401
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                  12,874,81 16,235,22 15,904,90
                                                   6         9         2
Short Term Loans                             494,947 6,683,111 6,822,673
Long Term Loans                            7,018,946 7,487,922 5,596,486
Long Term Bank Loan                        6,783,428 7,014,052 4,500,000
Other Long Term Finance                      235,518   473,870 1,096,486
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -   150,000
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                2,088,518   984,569 4,671,494
Total Current Liabilities                  17,162,59 28,483,03 27,698,82
                                                   0         5         6
Total Long Term Liabilities                9,107,464 8,472,491 10,267,98
                                                                       0
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          26,270,05 36,955,52 37,966,80
                                                   4         6         6
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry         2,300,000 2,300,000 2,300,000
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve              21,708,93 18,053,91 16,239,14
                                                   6         9         2
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                          24,008,93 20,353,91 18,539,14
                                                   6         9         2
Called Up Share Capital                    2,300,000 2,300,000 2,300,000
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -    763789   2002622
NET ASSETS                                 33,116,40 28,826,41 28,807,12
                                                   0         0         2


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/10/201 03/05/201 04/05/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales        94,176,76 72,595,09 78,858,06
                           4         5         5
Cost of Sales      83,989,87 66,770,64 70,660,87
                           5         4         4
Gross Profit       10,186,88 5,824,451 8,197,191
                           9
Operating Profit   7,057,074 3,222,545 5,912,838
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income  1,508,287   419,398   552,049
Interest Payable   1,414,151   838,032   860,147
Pretax Profit      7,151,210 2,803,911 5,604,740
Taxation           2,305,017   687,662 1,784,534
Profit After Tax   4,846,193 2,116,249 3,820,206
Dividends Payable    100,000         0         0
Retained Profits   3,655,016 1,814,777 3,754,724
Value Added        34,683,26 20,065,25 21,123,13
                           9         9         8
Capital Employed   33,116,40 28,826,41 28,807,12
                           0         0         2
Net Worth          24,002,29 20,353,91 18,539,14
                           3         9         2
Working Capital    7,147,390 4,438,795 5,671,707
Emp. Renumeration  23,302,29 14,074,95 12,735,00
                           3         5         3
Dir. Renumeration    357,344   243,911   220,718
Audit Fees            31,820    47,550    55,916
Non-audit Fees        18,390    15,700     8,200
Depreciation       4,323,902 2,767,759 2,475,297
Number of                752       656       611
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                               31/10/201 03/05/201 04/05/201
                                                       5         4         3
                                                     GBP       GBP       GBP
Net Cashflow From Operating Activities         13,161,11         - 5,427,155
                                                       8
Net Cashflow From Return On Investment And         -5864         -    -48752
Servicing Of Finance
Net Cashflow Before Financing                  6,848,929         -  -2240335
Net Cashflow From Financing                      -994509         - 5,790,483
Increase In Cash                               5,854,420         - 3,550,148

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales               29.73  19.43  18.25
Pretax             155.04  27.59 146.06
Total Assets       -12.27 -11.02  13.47
Current Assets     -26.16 -27.15  -0.95
Current            -39.74 -38.04 -26.09
Liabilities
Capital Employed    14.88  14.96  57.02
Employee Wages      65.56  82.98  54.31
Number of           14.63  23.08   5.62
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 5,024 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
01100 Growing of crops; market gardening; horticulture



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -.04     4.88    15.63
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -.28     3.05     9.52
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -.09     4.05    16.43
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              22.85    87.41   165.91
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       39.54    16.83        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .71     1.47      3.5
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            23,109.5 33,252.4 48,787.0
                                                          8        6        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  15,691.4 21,531.3 28,340.2
                                                          9        5        8
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  46,025.6 102,613. 218,432.
                                                          8        1        6
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  32.41    20.75    10.71



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  10
=         0
Year -1  10
=         0
Year -2  10
=         0
Year -3  10
=         0

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/10/201 03/05/201 04/05/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)               21.59      9.73     19.46
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                         14.22      4.89      9.92
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)             29.79     13.78     30.23
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                           7.59      3.86      7.11
Sales / Total Assets (%)                          187.31    126.67    139.56
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               5      4.01      4.65
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                         7.59      6.11      7.19
Sales / Stocks                                      14.9     10.77     13.78
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )     29.77     58.43     42.67
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.42      1.16       1.2
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  1.05      0.92         1
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                          31.3     69.62     66.99
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.48      0.36      0.33
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                     29.24     36.79     30.19
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                 16.51     23.01      13.3
Current Liabilities / Stocks                        2.72      4.22      4.84
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees     30,987.0 21,455.72 20,842.89
(GBP)                                                  9
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                  24.74     19.39     16.15
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)       9,509.59  4,274.25  9,173.06
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)               125,235. 110,663.3 129,063.9
                                                       1
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees          44,037.7  43,942.7  47,147.5
                                                       7
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        25,062.2 27,626.21 27,756.47
                                                       1
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        66,860.3 87,361.96 92,481.09
                                                       6
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                    20.62     13.97     26.53
Value Added / Sales (%)                            36.83     27.64     26.79
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)         46,121.3 30,587.29 34,571.42
                                                       7
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                 1.49      1.43      1.66
Sales / Audit Fees                              2,959.67  1,526.71   1,410.3
Total Assets / Audit Fees                       1,580.11  1,205.25  1,010.55
Creditors / Debtors                                 0.49      0.48      0.54
Total Debt / Working Capital                        1.05      3.19      2.19
Total Debt / Total Assets                           0.15      0.25      0.22

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 33,116,400

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Grant Thornton UK LLP

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2017


                             297 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               February 23, 2017

                       ROSEBANK RESIDENTIAL HOME LIMITED

                         FARM VIEW COTTAGE, GREEN FARM
                               LANE, LOWER SHORNE
                                   GRAVESEND
                               GRAVESEND DA12 3HQ


TRADE ADDRESS: Farm View Cottage Green Farm Lane, Lower Shorne, GRAVESEND DA12
3HQ

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 05264225

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: October 19, 2004
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Baljeet Kaur Aujla, Nurse


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    Dalvinder SinghAujla, Nurse


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Other letting and operating of own or leased real estate
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68209
86900

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: October 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: October 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  October 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  July 28, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  October 19, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  12,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/10/201 31/10/201 31/10/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                               13,316    13,316    17,754
Intangible Assets                             91,933    91,933   100,706
Total Fixed Assets                           105,249   105,249   118,460
Stocks                                         1,950     1,950     1,375
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                           1,826     1,826    12,197
Miscellaneous Current Assets                   1,336     1,336    18,019
Other Current Assets                           3,162     3,162    30,216
Total Current Assets                           5,112     5,112    31,591
Fixed Assets                                  13,316    13,316    17,754
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 110,361   110,361   150,051



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/10/201 31/10/201 31/10/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities              5,447     5,447     5,585
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                      5,447     5,447     5,585
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                  186,891   186,891   167,038
Total Current Liabilities                      5,447     5,447     5,585
Total Long Term Liabilities                  186,891   186,891   167,038
TOTAL LIABILITIES                            192,338   192,338   172,623
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 1         1         1
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                 -81978    -81978    -22573
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                             -81977    -81977    -22572
Called Up Share Capital                            1         1         1
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                   104,914   104,914   144,466


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/10/201 31/10/201 31/10/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed     104,914   104,914   144,466
Net Worth            -173910   -173910   -123278
Working Capital         -335      -335    26,006
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0 -26.45 -27.48
Current Assets          0 -83.82 -75.74
Current                 0  -2.47   4.53
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0 -27.38 -28.61
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 59,273 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
70200 Letting of own property



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     3.03    11.52
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0     2.14     6.41
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0    21.62    61.19
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               4.38     7.69    30.85
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       12.15        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .08       .6     2.26
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            27,864.5 79,369.5 161,438.
                                                          1        9        4
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,800 23,120.3 39,861.1
                                                                   7        1
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    70,000 168,352.  404,200
                                                                   9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  29.98     15.9     8.02



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  5
=        1
Year -1  5
=        1
Year -2  7
=        9
Year -3  5
=        3

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/10/201 31/10/201 31/10/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                0.94      0.94      5.66
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.58      0.58      5.41
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                  -0.74     -0.74     -0.15
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                        2.79      2.79      4.06
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 104,914

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                             298 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                January 18, 2017

                         MICHELMERSH MANOR FARM LIMITED

                           C/O MICHELMERSH MANOR FARM
                                   MANOR FARM
                                     HOUSE
                          MANOR FARM LANE MICHELMERSH
                                ROMSEY SO51 0NT


TRADE ADDRESS: Manor Farm Lane, Michelmersh, ROMSEY SO51 0NT

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01794368664

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 07854949

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: November 21, 2011
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr John Edward Drake, Farmer
     ·    Mrs Francesca Drake, Farmer


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    MrsFrancescaDrake


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Mixed farming
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
01500 - Hunting, trapping and game propagation including related service
activities

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  December 22, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  November 21, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  20,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                               41,483    72,420   165,773
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                            41,483    72,420   165,773
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       -       100       100
Other Current Assets                               -       100       100
Total Current Assets                               -       100       100
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                           41,483    72,420   165,773
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                  41,483    72,520   165,873



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities             12,780    14,500    32,458
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                     12,780    14,500    32,458
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                     12,780    14,500    32,458
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                             12,780    14,500    32,458
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry               100       100       100
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                 28,603    57,920   133,315
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                             28,703    58,020   133,415
Called Up Share Capital                          100       100       100
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                    28,703    58,020   133,415


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed      28,703    58,020   133,415
Net Worth             28,703    58,020   133,415
Working Capital       -12780    -14400    -32358
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets        -42.8 -74.99 -45.38
Current Assets          -      -      -
Current            -11.86 -60.63 -52.33
Liabilities
Capital Employed   -50.53 -78.49 -41.59
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 3,013 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
01300 Growing of crops combined with farming of
animals (mixed farming)



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -.98     3.01    12.04
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -.94     2.22     8.47
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -2.08     7.69    21.35
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               8.93    31.41    73.33
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        28.3        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                     .5     1.12     2.98
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -        -        -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  16,517.8 22,101.1 26,218.1
                                                          6        9        4
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  36,428.5 86,421.8 193,261.
                                                          7        8        9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  34.43    19.81    13.56



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  9
=        7
Year -1  9
=        7
Year -2  7
=        9
Year -3  6
=        9

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -      0.01         0
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -      0.01         0
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.69       0.8       0.8
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 28,703

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Grant Thornton UK LLP

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2017


                             299 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                           January 19, 2006 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Question of the Day:On agriculture; "With low farm commodity prices and high
operating costs, it is getting increasingly difficult to justify a career in
agriculture to our youth. How would your party encourage and assist young people
pursuing a career in agriculture, thereby keeping the family farm viable now and
for future generations?" Haldimand Norfolk

BYLINE: The Hamilton Spectator

SECTION: CANADA/WORLD; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 469  words


Robert Pasuta, president of the Hamilton-Wentworth Federation of Agriculture,
asks:

Diane Finley Conservative (incumbent)

"It's important for producers to accumulate retirement savings, independent of
farm capital, so they can save enough to retire without having to sell the farm.
By doing so, they can pass the farm down to the next generation. Presently, this
is difficult.

"It is important for government to make operating capital available to young
farmers. The Conservative platform offers a commitment to continue the Farm
Improvement Marketing Cooperatives Loan Program and look at ways to extend the
program to new farmers. This program is due to be terminated under the Liberals
but will not be under a Conservative government."

Bob Speller Liberal

"Prime Minister Martin has supported a report which recommends: young farmers
have access to the Farm Improvement and Marketing Co-operatives Loans Act;
support for intergenerational transfer of farms and financial support for
students returning to work in farming communities who cannot repay their student
loans immediately.

"As chair of a task force on future opportunities in farming, I helped make
recommendations about the intergenerational transfer of farm assets and
recommended that governments consider new programming to meet the needs of new
farmers. We're committed to positioning farmers for long-term sustainable
economic success, which is needed if young people are going to enter the
industry."

Valya Roberts NDP

"We need to look at both short-term and long-term plans to ensure family farms
are viable for our young people by restoring financial stability by investing $1
billion to address the immediate crisis in the grains and oilseeds sector. In
addition, we have to counter agribusiness market power in the Canadian
marketplace by working to develop producer-run co-operatives.

"Our domestic farmers and producers need a fair trade agreement that is honoured
by all parties including the United States. We need to stand behind our domestic
industries that are supply-managed and continue our unwavering support of the
Canadian Wheat Board."

Carolyn Van Nort Green Party

"The Green Party envisions a resurgence of thriving rural communities and
economically viable small-scale farms whose practices are ecologically and
socially sound. The Greens support a rapid transition to organic agriculture and
would assist farmers in this transition through aid, loans, research, and
education.

"Supply management, input manufacturing and buying as well as local production
and distribution of food would fall into the hands of farmers to ensure a higher
share of profit is retained by family farms. The Green Party would work to put
laws into place to protect small, individual producers and limit corporate
involvement in Canada's agricultural economy."

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Diane Finley Conservative (incumbent); Photo: Bob Speller
Liberal; Photo: Valya Roberts NDP; Photo: Carolyn Van Nort Green Party; Photo:
Robert Pasuta, president of the Hamilton-Wentworth Federation of Agriculture

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Metroland Media Group Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             300 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 7, 2017

                        BRITISH SOLAR RENEWABLES LIMITED

                                HIGHER HILL FARM
                                 BUTLEIGH HILL
                                    BUTLEIGH
                              GLASTONBURY BA6 8TW


TRADE ADDRESS: Higher Hill Farm Butleigh Hill, GLASTONBURY BA6 8TW

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01458224900
URL: www.britishrenewables.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 07315867

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: July 15, 2010
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 128

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  SUSTAINABLE POWER GENERATION LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  SUSTAINABLE POWER GENERATION LIMITED



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name                         Turnover
No.
08439971        RENEWABLE ENERGY CONNECTIONS        15,094,18
                LIMITED                                     5
08264825        MORELEIGH SOLAR PARK C.I.C.                 0
08264822        BSR APPLICATIONS LIMITED                    0
08264819        ALLER COURT SOLAR PARK LIMITED              0
08264808        OLD STONE FARM SOLAR PARK LIMITED           0
08264801        PLACE BARTON FARM SOLAR PARK                0
                LIMITED
08264798        BOWDEN LANE SOLAR PARK LIMITED              0
08263092        CLAPTON FARM SOLAR PARK LIMITED             0
-               -                                           -
-               -                                           -

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Graham David Harding, Chief Financial Officer
     ·    Mr Rupert Sherman John Cotterell, Chief Operating Officer
     ·    Mr David Gavin Peill, Chartered Surveyor
     ·    Mr Kenneth Reid Ross, Ceo
     ·    Mr Charles Bondi, Accountant
     ·    Ms Frances Mary Button, Legal Director


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Environmental consulting activities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Normal   Company acting as agents

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
74901

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: June 30, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: June 30

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  June 30, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Full Accounts
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  December 23, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  December 31, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  661,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           30/06/201 30/06/201 30/06/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            1,433,811 2,398,325 2,548,314
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                         1,433,811 2,398,325 2,548,314
Stocks                                     3,420,119 10,446,35 1,341,660
                                                             4
Debtors                                    3,803,018 9,649,601    47,862
Cash                                       7,566,156 1,115,626    62,468
Miscellaneous Current Assets               28,251,35 6,408,698 8,005,532
                                                   7
Other Current Assets                       35,817,51 7,524,324 8,068,000
                                                   3
Total Current Assets                       43,040,65 27,620,27 9,457,522
                                                   0         9
Fixed Assets                               1,433,711 2,398,225 2,548,214
Intermediate Assets                              100       100       100
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                    13,982,34   223,086 3,334,671
                                                   7
TOTAL ASSETS                               44,474,46 30,018,60 12,005,83
                                                   1         4         6



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           30/06/201 30/06/201 30/06/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                  1,795,477 3,816,763 1,940,322
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities          55,015,41 40,513,53 21,366,68
                                                   3         4         3
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                   40,490,62 30,122,49 19,119,43
                                                   2         0         0
Due To Group, Current                      40,490,62 30,122,49 19,119,43
                                                   2         0         0
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                  14,524,79 10,391,04 2,247,253
                                                   1         4
Short Term Loans                           40,490,62 30,122,49 19,119,43
                                                   2         0         0
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                  56,810,89 44,330,29 23,307,00
                                                   0         7         5
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          56,810,89 44,330,29 23,307,00
                                                   0         7         5
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 2         2         2
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve              -12336431 -14311695 -11301171
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                          -12336429 -14311693 -11301169
Called Up Share Capital                            2         2         2
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 -12336429 -14311693 -11301169


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   30/06/201 30/06/2015 30/06/201
                           6                    4
                         GBP        GBP       GBP
Total Sales        84,021,71 120,844,18 47,516,37
                           7          2         6
Cost of Sales      76,786,99 121,795,43 43,781,70
                           1          8         2
Gross Profit       7,234,726    -951256 3,734,674
Operating Profit   3,414,821   -3234202  -3893989
Export                     -          -         -
Nontrading Income   -1439557    259,674     -3207
Interest Payable           -     35,996     1,020
Pretax Profit      1,975,264   -3010524  -3898216
Taxation                   -          -         -
Profit After Tax   1,975,264   -3010524  -3898216
Dividends Payable          0          0         0
Retained Profits   1,975,264   -3010524  -3898216
Value Added        9,569,945  1,425,184   104,355
Capital Employed   -12336429  -14311693 -11301169
Net Worth          -12336429  -14311693 -11301169
Working Capital    -13770240  -16710018 -13849483
Emp. Renumeration  5,796,488  4,469,925 3,807,808
Dir. Renumeration    877,177    373,983   214,685
Audit Fees            32,650     32,650    75,000
Non-audit Fees             -          -         -
Depreciation         358,636    189,461   190,536
Number of                128        105       103
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales              -30.47  76.83  28.82
Pretax             -165.6 -150.6 -126.6
                        1      7      8
Total Assets        48.16 270.44  28.68
Current Assets      55.83 355.09  39.67
Current             28.15 143.75  35.38
Liabilities
Capital Employed    -13.8   9.16  66.64
Employee Wages      29.68  52.23 968.72
Number of            21.9  24.27      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 10,570 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
74206 Engineering related scientific and technical
consulting activities



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                    .78    27.41   109.37
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0    15.17    63.25
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                               .47    15.48    52.35
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              66.67   149.26    250.4
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       78.32    30.71        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                      1     1.52      2.8
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            40,976.9 59,530.9 92,552.2
                                                          3                 3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    27,875   40,000 52,912.2
                                                                            8
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  62,792.5 112,252. 176,905.
                                                          5        6        4
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  47.47    34.88    16.95



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  7
=        6
Year -1  6
=        9
Year -2  2
=
Year -3  3
=        0

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                0/06/201 30/06/201 30/06/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)              -16.01     21.04     34.49
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                          4.44    -10.03    -32.47
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)            -16.01     21.04     34.49
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                           2.35     -2.49      -8.2
Sales / Total Assets (%)                          188.92    402.56    395.78
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                            58.6     50.39     18.65
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                       -16.39    -13.83    -29.15
Sales / Stocks                                     24.57     11.57     35.42
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )     16.52     29.15      0.37
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                0.76      0.62      0.41
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                   0.7      0.39      0.35
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                       -328.22   -210.47   -169.18
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                  -0.28     -0.48     -0.94
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -     -1.21     -0.03
Current Liabilities / Stocks                       16.61      4.24     17.37
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees     45,285.0 42,570.71 36,969.01
(GBP)                                                  6
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                    6.9       3.7      8.01
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)       15,431.7  -28671.6  -37846.7
                                                       5
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)               656,419. 1,150,897   461,324
                                                       7
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees          -96378.3   -136301   -109720
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        11,200.8 22,840.24 24,739.94
                                                       7
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        347,456. 285,891.5 116,561.5
                                                       7
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                    20.64   -211.24  -3735.53
Value Added / Sales (%)                            11.39      1.18      0.22
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)         74,765.2 13,573.18  1,013.16
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                 1.65      0.32      0.03
Sales / Audit Fees                              2,573.41   3,701.2    633.55
Total Assets / Audit Fees                       1,362.16    919.41    160.08
Creditors / Debtors                                 0.47       0.4     40.54
Total Debt / Working Capital                       -2.94      -1.8     -1.38
Total Debt / Total Assets                           0.91         1      1.59

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP -12336429

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Rothmans Audit LLP

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2017


                             301 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                            State Bank of Blue Mound

                               215 S. Business 51
                             Assumption,  IL 62510
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (217) 226-3600
FAX: (217) 226-3440
URL: www.thesbbm.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   The State Bank of Blue Mound provides various types of loans to help meet the
credit needs of our community.  We offer:   Personal Loans Vehicle Loans
Residential Real Estate Loans Agricultural Real Estate Loans Commercial Real
Estate Loans Farm Operating Loans Farm Equipment Loans Commercial Operating
Loans Commercial Equipment Loans   Contact one of our loan officers for more
information.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             302 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                    August 21, 2002 Wednesday Final Edition

Critic unimpressed with BMO farm aid

SOURCE: Calgary Herald

BYLINE: Gina Teel

SECTION: Business; Pg. C1 / FRONT

LENGTH: 683 words

Two years after closing branches across rural Alberta, the Bank of Montreal is
offering to stand behind its drought-stricken farm customers.

The bank, which sold 21 rural branches to Alberta's credit unions to concentrate
on high-growth urban markets, said Tuesday it was launching a drought assistance
program to help Prairie producers deal with the financial hardships of the
current drought crisis.

"We want our farm customers to know that BMO Bank of Montreal is prepared to
stand behind them in these difficult economic times," said Ted McCarron, senior
vice-president, Prairies division, for the bank.

The program provides eligible customers with the option to defer principal
payments on loans until October 2003, reduce the interest rate on operating
lines of credit, or increase access to funds through amending the margin terms
of existing operating lines of credit, McCarron said.

However, Rob Meijer, agri-manager for the Canadian Federation of Independent
Business, said there's nothing new or particularly remarkable about the bank's
drought-relief program.

Meijer points to a recent research report by the federation that identifies
availability of financing as the fastest-growing concern among farmers.

Nationwide, concern over securing financing has doubled since the downturn in
farm income in 1997-1998, leaping to 28.7 per cent in 2001 from 16.1 per cent.

This corresponds with Statistics Canada data that show a 60 per cent increase in
the national gross farm debt over the past decade to $38 billion in 2001
compared to $23 billion in 1991.

As a result, Meijer said clients in dire financial straits are taking their
business elsewhere, particularly credit unions, as many of the major banks took
steps long ago to reduce their rural presence based on the view that primary
agriculture is not a good money-making venture.

"The question is, where was the program or the intent before the drought?" he
asked. "The truth is, the chartered banks are not only fighting themselves for
market share, they're also fighting with the credit unions and Farm Credit
Canada."

ATB Financial, the government of Alberta-owned financial institution, has
increased its market share in agricultural loans by three per cent since 1999,
said spokeswoman Darlene Dickinson.

The current value of ATB's agricultural loans in Alberta is $1.3 billion, she
said, noting the financial institution has always and will always work with its
rural customers having difficulty with drought.

"Basically we're working with our customers to see where we can make deferrals
of principal and interest," she said.

Ed Kinzel, assistant agrologist for Credit Union Central Alberta, agreed the
Bank of Montreal's relief offering is not all that different from standard
operating procedures used at the credit unions.

"Credit unions have a long history of commitment to rural Albertans and will
continue to consider a wide range of financial arrangements on a case-by-case
basis."

He cited steps taken by credit unions as examples of extraordinary measures.

Earlier this month, the 8,400-member Common Wealth Credit Union announced a
$125,000 assistance package for producers struggling with drought.

To be paid in cash in November, the package includes a special patronage payment
for farmers and special access to common share accounts to make interest and
principal payments on loans at the Credit Union.

In central Alberta, Community Savings is providing $1 million in interest-free
loans to eligible cattle producers impacted by drought.

The Battle River Credit Union has a similar campaign, freeing up $500,000 in
total loan money.

Darrin Qualman, executive secretary for the National Farmers Union, is more
concerned about fairness to farmers than motivations.

After years of taking from the family farm, it's time for the banks to lend a
hand to all farmers, he said.

"It's almost perverse the way that banks decide that those in good standing get
flexibility and those who really need it and are a few months behind in payments
get no support at all."

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             303 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 1, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack Announces Increased Opportunity
for Producers as part of New Farm Bill

LENGTH: 382  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced increased opportunity for
producers as a result of the 2014 Farm Bill. A fact sheet outlining
modifications to the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Farm Service Agency
(FSA) Farm Loan Programs is available.

"Our nation's farmers and ranchers are the engine of the rural economy. These
improvements to our Farm Loan Programs will help a new generation begin farming
and grow existing farm operations," said Secretary Vilsack. "Today's
announcement represents just one part of a series of investments the new Farm
Bill makes in the next generation of agriculture, which is critical to economic
growth in communities across the country."

The Farm Bill expands lending opportunities for thousands of farmers and
ranchers to begin and continue operations, including greater flexibility in
determining eligibility, raising loan limits, and emphasizing beginning and
socially disadvantaged producers.

Changes that will take effect immediately include:

Elimination of loan term limits for guaranteed operating loans.
 Modification of the definition of beginning farmer, using the average farm size
for the county as a qualifier instead of the median farm size.
 Modification of the Joint Financing Direct Farm Ownership Interest Rate to 2
percent less than regular Direct Farm Ownership rate, with a floor of 2.5
percent. Previously, the rate was established at 5 percent.
 Increase of the maximum loan amount for Direct Farm Ownership down payments
from $225,000 to $300,000.
 Elimination of rural residency requirement for Youth Loans, allowing urban
youth to benefit.
 Debt forgiveness on Youth Loans, which will not prevent borrowers from
obtaining additional loans from the federal government.
 Increase of the guarantee amount on Conservation Loans from 75 to 80 percent
and 90 percent for socially disadvantaged borrowers and beginning farmers.
 Microloans will not count toward loan term limits for veterans and beginning
farmers.

Additional modifications must be implemented through the rulemaking processes.
Visit the FSA Farm Bill website for detailed information and updates to farm
loan programs.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             304 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 7, 2017

                                MOATSTAR LIMITED

                                 THE COURTYARD
                                HOLT LODGE FARM
                                     HORTON
                               WIMBORNE BH21 7JN


TRADE ADDRESS: The Courtyard Holt Lodge Farm Horton, WIMBORNE BH21 7JN

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 01118568

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: June 15, 1973
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  MARCHMONT FARMS LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  MARCHMONT FARMS LIMITED



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name              Turnove
No.                                             r
01374817        OAKFERN PROPERTIES              0
                LIMITED
-               -                               -
-               -                               -
-               -                               -
-               -                               -
-               -                               -
-               -                               -
-               -                               -
-               -                               -
-               -                               -

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Oliver Aylesford Burge, Property Agent


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Renting and operating of own or leased real estate
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Administration (UK)

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68200

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Small   modified Balance Sheet
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  September 28, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  December 31, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  45,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            1,340,425 1,435,874 1,341,542
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                         1,340,425 1,435,874 1,341,542
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                          27,920    12,428         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                  73,541    54,298    24,312
Other Current Assets                         101,461    66,726    24,312
Total Current Assets                         101,461    66,726    24,312
Fixed Assets                                   8,001     9,144    10,287
Intermediate Assets                        1,332,424 1,426,730 1,331,255
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               1,441,886 1,502,600 1,365,854



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            339,094   153,062    74,852
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                    339,094   153,062    74,852
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                              650,000   650,000   650,000
Long Term Bank Loan                          650,000   650,000   650,000
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -   276,401   223,468
Total Current Liabilities                    339,094   153,062    74,852
Total Long Term Liabilities                  650,000   926,401   873,468
TOTAL LIABILITIES                            989,094 1,079,463   948,320
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry           452,295   452,295   452,295
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                    497    -29158    -34761
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                            452,792   423,137   417,534
Called Up Share Capital                          100       100       100
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)           452,195   452,195   452,195
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 1,102,792 1,349,538 1,291,002


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed   1,102,792 1,349,538 1,291,002
Net Worth            452,792   423,137   417,534
Working Capital      -237633    -86336    -50540
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets        -4.04   5.57  22.93
Current Assets      52.06 317.33 -72.54
Current            121.54 353.02 422.37
Liabilities
Capital Employed   -18.28 -14.58  -0.47
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 59,273 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
70200 Letting of own property



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     3.03    11.52
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0     2.14     6.41
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0    21.62    61.19
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               4.38     7.69    30.85
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       12.15        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .08       .6     2.26
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            27,864.5 79,369.5 161,438.
                                                          1        9        4
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,800 23,120.3 39,861.1
                                                                   7        1
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    70,000 168,352.  404,200
                                                                   9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  29.98     15.9     8.02



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  9
=        5
Year -1  9
=        2
Year -2  4
=        4
Year -3  7
=        9

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                 0.3      0.44      0.32
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                   0.3      0.44      0.32
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                        143.55    153.61    155.68
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.31      0.28      0.31
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                    143.55    153.61    155.68
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                       -2.74     -7.53    -12.86
Total Debt / Total Assets                           0.45      0.43      0.48

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 1,102,792

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Manningtons

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2017


                             305 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2016 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               September 13, 2016

                             WITHGILL FARM LIMITED

                                 WITHGILL FARM
                                    WITHGILL
                                   CLITHEROE
                               Clitheroe BB7 3LW


TRADE ADDRESS: Withgill Farm Withgill Fold Withgill, Clitheroe BB7 3LW

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 04351698

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: January 11, 2002
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 27

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Ann Beverley Barnes, Farmer
     ·    David George Barnes, Farmer


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    GRAEME ROBISONSURTEES, FARM MANAGER


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Dairy farm.
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Large unquoted company

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
01210 - Farming of cattle, dairy farming
01300 - Growing of crops combined with farming of animals (mixed farming)

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: September 30, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: September 30

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  September 30, 2015
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Full Accounts
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  June 30, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  September 12, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  650,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           30/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            4,084,000 4,615,000 4,659,000
Intangible Assets                                  0   110,000   367,000
Total Fixed Assets                         4,084,000 4,725,000 5,026,000
Stocks                                     5,346,000   201,000   458,000
Debtors                                      355,000   849,000   643,000
Cash                                       3,056,000 12,373,00 11,047,00
                                                             0         0
Miscellaneous Current Assets               7,350,000 1,424,000 1,362,000
Other Current Assets                       10,406,00 13,797,00 12,409,00
                                                   0         0         0
Total Current Assets                       16,107,00 14,847,00 13,510,00
                                                   0         0         0
Fixed Assets                               1,224,000 1,370,000 1,414,000
Intermediate Assets                        2,860,000 3,245,000 3,245,000
Due From Group, Non Current                  595,000         0         0
Due From Group, Current                            0         0         0
TOTAL ASSETS                               20,191,00 19,572,00 18,536,00
                                                   0         0         0



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           30/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                    367,000   904,000   431,000
Bank Overdraft                               442,000   662,000   404,000
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities          8,327,000 5,882,000 5,575,000
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       0         0         0
Other Short Term Finance                   1,549,000 5,587,000 5,462,000
Due To Group, Current                              0         0         0
Due To Directors, Current                          0 4,038,000 3,913,000
Other Current Liabilities                  6,778,000   295,000   113,000
Short Term Loans                           1,991,000 6,249,000 5,866,000
Long Term Loans                            4,538,000 4,980,000 5,403,000
Long Term Bank Loan                        4,538,000 4,980,000 5,403,000
Other Long Term Finance                            0         0         0
Due To Group, Non Current                          0         0         0
Due To Directors, Non Current                      0         0         0
Other Long Term Liabilities                  109,000   429,000    78,000
Total Current Liabilities                  9,136,000 7,448,000 6,410,000
Total Long Term Liabilities                4,647,000 5,409,000 5,481,000
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          13,783,00 12,857,00 11,891,00
                                                   0         0         0
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry            10,000    10,000    10,000
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve              6,398,000 6,705,000 6,635,000
Revaluation Reserve                                0         0         0
Shareholder Funds                          6,408,000 6,715,000 6,645,000
Called Up Share Capital                       10,000    10,000    10,000
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 0         0         0
Contingent Liabilities                             0    615000         0
NET ASSETS                                 11,055,00 12,124,00 12,126,00
                                                   0         0         0


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   30/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales        5,825,000 8,549,000 8,987,000
Cost of Sales      4,793,000 4,484,000 6,348,000
Gross Profit       1,032,000 4,065,000 2,639,000
Operating Profit     -292000   138,000    -41000
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income    253,000   312,000   481,000
Interest Payable     304,000   318,000   341,000
Pretax Profit        -343000   132,000    99,000
Taxation              -36000    62,000    36,000
Profit After Tax     -307000    70,000    63,000
Dividends Payable          0         0         0
Retained Profits     -307000    70,000    63,000
Value Added          522,928   891,272   606,160
Capital Employed   11,055,00 12,124,00 12,126,00
                           0         0         0
Net Worth          6,408,000 6,605,000 6,278,000
Working Capital    6,971,000 7,399,000 7,100,000
Emp. Renumeration    557,000   493,000   415,000
Dir. Renumeration      8,000    17,000    20,000
Audit Fees             8,000     8,000     8,000
Non-audit Fees        12,000    22,000    16,000
Depreciation         200,000   209,000   189,000
Number of                 27        24        20
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                               30/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                                                       5         4         3
                                                     GBP       GBP       GBP
Net Cashflow From Operating Activities          -5886000 1,364,000   638,000
Net Cashflow From Return On Investment And       174,000   199,000   -342000
Servicing Of Finance
Net Cashflow Before Financing                   -5625000 1,367,000   -273000
Net Cashflow From Financing                     -3454000   -279000   966,000
Increase In Cash                                -9079000 1,088,000   693,000

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                 -32    -35      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            3      9     78
Current Assets          9     19    306
Current                23     43     45
Liabilities
Capital Employed       -9     -9    120
Employee Wages         13     34      -
Number of              13     35      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 2,220 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
01210 Farming of cattle, dairy farming



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   0.63     2.96    11.43
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       0.00     2.21     6.75
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              0.00     4.92    13.39
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              17.70    57.12   111.01
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       36.25    16.70     0.00
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   0.58     1.04     2.36
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            33,657.9 46,836.0 71,083.0
                                                          3        4        0
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  19,411.9 22,330.1 26,632.8
                                                          0        4        3
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  70,750.0 167,002. 291,800.
                                                          0        4        0
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  24.00    15.46     6.86



CREDIT RATING
Year  0                                      72
=
Year -1                                      75
=
Year -2         Dissolved or dissolution action
=                                       pending
Year -3                                      84
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                0/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)               -3.10      1.09      0.82
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                         -1.70      0.67      0.53
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)             -5.35      1.97      1.49
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                          -5.89      1.54      1.10
Sales / Total Assets (%)                           28.85     43.68     48.48
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                            4.76      6.24      6.36
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                       119.67     86.55     79.00
Sales / Stocks                                      1.09     42.53     19.62
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )     22.24     36.25     26.11
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.76      1.99      2.11
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  1.18      1.97      2.04
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                        101.89    170.01    179.50
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.32      0.34      0.36
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                     70.82     75.40     86.06
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)               -779.49     70.67     77.50
Current Liabilities / Stocks                        1.71     37.05     14.00
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees     20,629.6 20,541.67 20,750.00
(GBP)                                                  3
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                   9.56      5.77      4.62
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)       -12703.7  5,500.00  4,950.00
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)               215,740. 356,208.3 449,350.0
                                                       7
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees          409,444. 505,166.6 606,300.0
                                                       4
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        45,333.3 57,083.33 70,700.00
                                                       3
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        747,814. 815,500.0 926,800.0
                                                       8
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                   -65.59     14.81     16.33
Value Added / Sales (%)                             8.98     10.43      6.74
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)         19,367.7 37,136.33 30,308.00
                                                       0
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                 0.94      1.81      1.46
Sales / Audit Fees                                728.13  1,068.63  1,123.38
Total Assets / Audit Fees                       2,523.88  2,446.50  2,317.00
Creditors / Debtors                                 1.03      1.06      0.67
Total Debt / Working Capital                        0.94      1.52      1.59
Total Debt / Total Assets                           0.32      0.57      0.61

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 11,055,000

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Dodd & Co Ltd

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016


                             306 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                           January 19, 2006 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

On agriculture

BYLINE: The Hamilton Spectator

SECTION: CANADA/WORLD; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 522  words


Robert Pasuta, president of the Hamilton-Wentworth Federation of Agriculture,
asks:

"With low farm commodity prices and high operating costs, it is getting
increasingly difficult to justify a career in agriculture to our youth. How
would your party encourage and assist young people pursuing a career in
agriculture, thereby keeping the family farm viable now and for future
generations?"

Haldimand Norfolk

Diane Finley Conservative (incumbent)

"It's important for producers to accumulate retirement savings, independent of
farm capital, so they can save enough to retire without having to sell the farm.
By doing so, they can pass the farm down to the next generation. Presently, this
is difficult.

"It is important for government to make operating capital available to young
farmers. The Conservative platform offers a commitment to continue the Farm
Improvement Marketing Cooperatives Loan Program and look at ways to extend the
program to new farmers. This program is due to be terminated under the Liberals
but will not be under a Conservative government."

Bob Speller Liberal

"Prime Minister Martin has supported a report which recommends: young farmers
have access to the Farm Improvement and Marketing Co-operatives Loans Act;
support for intergenerational transfer of farms and financial support for
students returning to work in farming communities who cannot repay their student
loans immediately.

"As chair of a task force on future opportunities in farming, I helped make
recommendations about the intergenerational transfer of farm assets and
recommended that governments consider new programming to meet the needs of new
farmers. We're committed to positioning farmers for long-term sustainable
economic success, which is needed if young people are going to enter the
industry."

Valya Roberts NDP

"We need to look at both short-term and long-term plans to ensure family farms
are viable for our young people by restoring financial stability by investing $1
billion to address the immediate crisis in the grains and oilseeds sector. In
addition, we have to counter agribusiness market power in the Canadian
marketplace by working to develop producer-run co-operatives.

"Our domestic farmers and producers need a fair trade agreement that is honoured
by all parties including the United States. We need to stand behind our domestic
industries that are supply-managed and continue our unwavering support of the
Canadian Wheat Board."

Carolyn Van Nort Green Party

"The Green Party envisions a resurgence of thriving rural communities and
economically viable small-scale farms whose practices are ecologically and
socially sound. The Greens support a rapid transition to organic agriculture and
would assist farmers in this transition through aid, loans, research, and
education.

"Supply management, input manufacturing and buying as well as local production
and distribution of food would fall into the hands of farmers to ensure a higher
share of profit is retained by family farms. The Green Party would work to put
laws into place to protect small, individual producers and limit corporate
involvement in Canada's agricultural economy."

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Diane Finley Conservative (incumbent); Photo: Bob Speller
Liberal; Photo: Valya Roberts NDP; Photo: Carolyn Van Nort Green Party; Photo:
Robert Pasuta, president of the Hamilton-Wentworth Federation of Agriculture

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Metroland Media Group Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             307 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    September 6, 1985, Friday, Final Edition

'Billions' Needed for Farm Credit

BYLINE: By Ward Sinclair, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A1

LENGTH: 822 words


The troubled Farm Credit System, which holds about a third of the nation's
agricultural debt, will need "billions of dollars" of federal aid within the
next two years because of the slumping farm economy, its chief government
overseer said yesterday.

Donald E. Wilkinson, governor of the Farm Credit Administration, the federal
regulator of the farmer-owned system, said that his agency will seek new
enforcement powers and has already begun discussions on how federal aid might
best be provided to keep the FCS solvent.

Wilkinson estimated that any package "will require multibillions of dollars."
Any more specific figure would depend on the extent of the deterioration of the
farm economy in the following months and the form of the aid package, which
Wilkinson said could be anything from federal guarantees to direct subsidies.

The system, which makes loans for farming and for rural housing, was formed as
the Federal Land Bank after World War I, and was expanded into its current form
during the administration of Franklin D. Roosevelt.

Except for its initial federal seed money, it required no federal help until
now, even during the Great Depression. But the deteriorating farm economy and
falling land values have led to an increasing number of bad loans and a growing
crisis among many of the system's 37 banks.

Although the Reagan administration has insisted that the FCS must exhaust its
own resources before seeking government help, federal officials for weeks have
been reviewing possible approaches to helping the system.

And farm-state legislators have warned for months that some kind of aid to the
huge borrower-owned farm lending system might be required as the farm economy
continued to falter and the farm credit crisis intensified. A House Agriculture
subcommittee has scheduled hearings for next week.

Until his public statement yesterday, Wilkinson and other FCS officials had
maintained that the system, with $74 billion in outstanding debt, was strong
enough to deal with its problems -- as long as the farm economy did not worsen.

Wilkinson said yesterday that the system remains "very solvent" but that new
forecasts of bumper crops, lower prices and fewer exports, along with new FCS
losses and continuing land deflation, have dramatically changed the picture.
Unless there is a major turnaround, he said, "we expect assistance will be
needed in 18 to 24 months."

"Our concern is with the safety and soundness of the institutions we regulate,
the protection of those who invest in the securities sold to raise loan funds
and with the credit-worthy borrowers who depend on the system as a source of
reliable credit," Wilkinson said.

Many of the bonds sold by the FCS to finance its operations are held by banks
and institutional investors. Until recent weeks, the FCS bonds, despite growing
public awareness of the system's problems, have been marketed without
difficulty.

Wilkinson said that if federal contingency aid is not forthcoming, the system
would face the possibility of liquidating portions of the FCS, including some of
its regional banks that provide land and farm-operating loan money to banks.

Farm Credit has 37 banks in a dozen districts, which obtain funds from the bond
sales and then lend the money to the local land banks and production credit
associations. The system's most troubled banks tend to be in the
export-dependent grain belt of the Midwest and Plains, where land deflation and
low prices have put thousands of farmers in economic trouble.

An estimated 15 percent of the FCS' debt is considered uncollectable, with the
prospect of that figure rising because of low prices and declining farm sales.

The FCS' troubles have spilled into other farm-lending circles. As the FCS has
refused to refinance many of its customers, new pressures have been placed on
commercial banks and the Farmers Home Administration (FmHA), the other major
agricultural lenders, for operating money.

The decision to seek federal help was made this week by the FCA's policy-making
Federal Farm Credit Board, which directed Wilkinson to open talks with Congress
and the administration on obtaining new regulatory powers and federal
assistance. Possible approaches listed by Wilkinson included government
guarantees on securities or individual farm loans, creation of a new
organization to take over nonperforming loans and assets to stabilize collateral
values, direct federal grants to the FCS or federal subsidization of lower
interest rates.

The Farm Credit Board also approved emergency regulations that will allow the
FCA to require sharing of losses among the FCS' member institutions, a step that
would eliminate time-consuming negotiations now required to effect voluntary
loss-sharing.

Within the last year, after considerable controversy, intermediate credit banks
in Spokane, Wash., and Omaha have received infusions of capital from the system
to cover losses.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1985 The Washington Post


                             308 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2016 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 August 4, 2016

                        WILLOWS FARM DAY NURSERY LIMITED

                                  WILLOWS FARM
                                    VILLAGE
                        BOWMANSGREEN FARM LONDON COLNEY
                               ST ALBANS AL2 1BB


TRADE ADDRESS: WILLOWS FARM VILLAGE BOWMANSGREEN FARM LONDON COLNEY, ST ALBANS
AL2 1BB

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01727823010

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 08030229

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: April 13, 2012
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Andrew Ronald Wolfe, Director
     ·    Paul Robert Sharp, Company Director


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Primary education
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
85200 - Veterinary activities

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  August 1, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  April 13, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  15,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                              348,901   276,217   157,164
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                           348,901   276,217   157,164
Stocks                                         1,000     1,000     1,000
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                             115         3       300
Miscellaneous Current Assets                  28,956    20,492     9,537
Other Current Assets                          29,071    20,495     9,837
Total Current Assets                          30,071    21,495    10,837
Fixed Assets                                 348,901   276,217   157,164
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 378,972   297,712   168,001



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            294,594   197,496   147,251
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                    294,594   197,496   147,251
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                   11,780    12,738    15,977
Total Current Liabilities                    294,594   197,496   147,251
Total Long Term Liabilities                   11,780    12,738    15,977
TOTAL LIABILITIES                            306,374   210,234   163,228
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry               100       100       100
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                 72,498    87,378     4,673
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                             72,598    87,478     4,773
Called Up Share Capital                          100       100       100
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                    84,378   100,216    20,750


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed      84,378   100,216    20,750
Net Worth             72,598    87,478     4,773
Working Capital      -264523   -176001   -136414
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3  5 Years
                    Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP      GBP
Sales                   -      -        -
Pretax                  -      -        -
Total Assets        27.29 125.58 12,532.4
Current Assets       39.9 177.48   902.37
Current             49.16 100.06 10,058.4
Liabilities                             1
Capital Employed    -15.8 306.64   84,278
Employee Wages          -      -        -
Number of               -      -        -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 7,568 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
80100 Primary education



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -.62     5.29    23.92
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                         -1     4.25    17.44
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -1.54     4.76     14.3
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              56.19    95.96   183.11
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x         3.1        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .62     1.41     3.13
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            26,420.6 32,539.8 46,504.5
                                                          8        9        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  15,585.7 22,666.6 26,253.7
                                                          1        7        3
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  25,937.5 43,098.4 58,565.8
                                                                   8        4
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  65.02    56.13    46.61



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  6
=        6
Year -1  6
=        6
Year -2  8
=        5
Year -3  1
=        1

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                 0.1      0.11      0.07
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                   0.1       0.1      0.07
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.19      0.29      0.03
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                      294.59     197.5    147.25
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 84,378

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Haines Watts

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2017


                             309 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           September 8, 1984 Saturday

Court accepts accord   in farm failure dispute

BYLINE: THOMAS CLARIDGE and DUNCAN McMONAGLE; GAM

LENGTH: 604 words


By  THOMAS CLARIDGE and DUNCAN McMONAGLE
 An Ontario Supreme Court judge has written the final chapter in the saga
 of Cesidio Romanelli, the angry farmer-debtor who dumped his troubles on
 the doorstep of the Royal Bank of Canada.

Following a brief court appearance yesterday, Mr. Justice Dennis
 O'Leary gave his consent to an agreement worked out between the bank and
 Anna Romanelli, Mr. Romanelli's widow.

Under the agreement, an interim receiver appointed to look after the
 Romanelli affairs will be discharged on payment to the bank of $266,459, a
 fraction of what the bank was due from a loan agreement Mr. and Mrs.
 Romanelli had signed.

In April, 1981, Mr. Romanelli, a Bradford-area beef farmer, borrowed
 $935,000 from a Toronto branch of the bank toward the acquisition of
 cattle. The farm, home and cattle were put up as collateral, and interest
 was set at 14.25 per cent per annum.

But a collapse of beef prices left the farmer far behind in his
 payments and in December, 1981, Mr. Romanelli drew attention to his plight
 by dumping the carcasses of three cattle in front of the bank, at Keele
 Street and Wilson Avenue in North York.

At the time, he said his full herd of about 150 Charolais was starving
 because the bank wanted to foreclose on the operating loan.

Autopsies showed two of the three animals had, in fact, died of
 pneumonia brought on by malnutrition. The Ontario Humane Society seized
 the herd and cared for it for two weeks until Touche Ross Ltd. was
 appointed interim receiver to manage the business.

The bank seized the farm in January, 1982, at which point the loan
 payments were nearly $124,000 in arrears. The Supreme Court of Ontario
 later authorized the receiver to auction the farm and cattle.

Mr. Romanelli died Feb. 17 last year of viral encephalitis, which was
 diagnosed only after an autopsy was performed. An inquest jury recommended
 that York County Hospital, where he died, change its training procedures
 and improve communication with its patients.

Documents submitted to the court yesterday show that interest due on
 the operating loan had reached more than $451,000, bringing the
 indebtedness of the estate to nearly $1.4-million. That was in addition to
 smaller amounts owed the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce and the United
 Co-Operatives of Ontario.

The documents disclosed that the sale of 149 head of cattle realized
 only $175,388, and that when an attempt to sell the farm by tender failed
 the receiver had disposed of it to a Paul Langford for $150,000. Net
 proceeds from the farm sale were only $103,388.

Under the agreement, the bank will be allowed to press its claim for
 money owing, Mrs. Romanelli will abandon a lawsuit of her own in which she
 denied liability for the debt and Touche Ross will be discharged as
 receiver, a move that will reduce the fees due the firm.

Mr. Romanelli came to Canada from his native Italy in 1954 and started
 the 140-acre farm in 1966. He retired there in 1976 and said later he had
 lost a lot of money in the construction business because he had been
 outbid for jobs and the whole industry had gone sour.

He was a central figure in the Ontario royal commission on crime in the
 construction industry in 1974.

Provincial Court Judge Harry Waisberg, the commissioner, reported that,
 although Mr. Romanelli had no criminal record, he hired two bodyguards who
 had criminal records and were linked to organized crime.

He also said he did not find Mr. Romanelli a credible witness. In an
 interview when his cattle were seized in January, 1982, Mr. Romanelli
 reminded reporters that he was acquitted of two counts of perjury after
 his testimony at the inquiry.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1984 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             310 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Ag Credit Better In KC Fed Area

                            March 13, 1979, Tuesday

DATELINE: KANSAS CITY


Following the upturn in farm income in 1978, agricultural credit conditions in
the 10th Federal Reserve District have generally improved, according to the
agricultural credit survey of the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City.

Although farm loan demand remains strong -- but slower recently -- at banks in
the region, improved farm cash flows have boosted loan repayments and reduced
requests for loan renewals and extensions.

The survey of 169 primarily agricultural banks in Colorado, Kansas, Missouri,
Nebraska, New Mexico, Oklahoma, and Wyoming showed that the improved farm
financial situation contributed to a decline in the average loan-deposit ratio,
a rough measure of the credit situation, at the survey banks.  During the fourth
quarter loandeposit ratios declined to 62% from 64%.

Although funds available for farm loans did not increase appreciably in 1978,
fewer banks reported refusing credit requests because of a shortage of funds.
However, C. Edward Harshbarger, assistant vice president, noted that bankers are
continuing to scrutinize loan requests closely.  Almost all of the bankers
surveyed reported that collateral requirements for farm loans were as high or
higher than a year earlier.  The bankers also reported little demand yet for
loans to expand breeding herds, despite the bright outlook for cattle producers.

Interest rates on farm loans continue to rise, bankers report, and most rates
are now about one percentage point higher than a year earlier.  Average rates
for the surveyed banks were 9.88% for feeder cattle loans, 9.95% for other
operating loans; 10.24% for intermediate term loans, and 10.03% for farm real
estate loans.  Mr. Horshbarger pointed out that the strong upward movement in
money market interest rates are now being felt by agricultural borrowers.

The positive farm income developments in 1978 apparently also affected the value
of district farm real estate, as average values rose sharply -- 13% to 16% above
year-earlier figures.  Although there were wide differences in land values
reported from state to state, District averages were $615 per acre for
nonirrigated cropland (up 16%), $1,114 per acre for irrigated cropland (up 14%)
and $297 per acre for ranchland (up 13%)%

SECTION: Pg. 13

LENGTH: 375 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1979 American Banker, Inc.


                             311 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                              June 20, 2016 Monday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Crop Glut Harrows Farm Renters As Loans Come Due

BYLINE: BLOOMBERG NEWS

SECTION: INSIDE REAL ESTATE; Pg. A09

LENGTH: 219 words


American farmers who expanded production using rented land during the commodity
boom a few years ago are now struggling to repay loans.

A crop glut has eroded prices and sent profit to a 14-year low, but rents have
barely budged, and debt levels are the highest in over three decades, government
data show. Bankers are cutting back on loans that aren't secured by land, so
more farmers are tapping into a U.S. Department of Agriculture program designed
to be the lender of last resort. And it's almost out of money.

The USDA's Farm Service Agency has allocated $140 million a month on average for
direct operating loans since Oct. 1, leaving just $129 million in the budget for
the remaining four months of the fiscal year.

With about 39% of U.S. farms operating on rented property, increased government
intervention signals lower land values and more consolidation because
debt-strapped and younger farmers will be forced to quit, according to farm
groups advocating for more financial aid.

"Anyone carrying a lot of leverage or renting a lot of farmland, it is going to
be a pretty tough year," said Jim Farrell, president of Omaha, Neb.-based
Farmers National Co., which manages more than 5,000 farms and ranches in 24
states on behalf of property owners who lease their land to tenant growers and
livestock producers.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             312 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2016 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               December 29, 2016

                       FLAMSTEAD FARM MANAGEMENT LIMITED

                                   FARM HOUSE
                                 FLAMSTEAD FARM
                                  ASHLEY GREEN
                                CHESHAM HP5 3PH


TRADE ADDRESS: Farm House Flamstead Farm Ashley Green, CHESHAM HP5 3PH

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 05653905

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: December 14, 2005
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Simon Hugo Bowder, Consultant
     ·    Mrs Katherine Dawn Bowder, None


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Real estate agencies
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68310

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Dormant
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  September 29, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  December 14, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  14,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    5         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 5         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         5         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       -         0         5
Other Current Assets                               -         5         5
Total Current Assets                               -         5         5
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                5         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                       5         5         5



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 5         5         5
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                  5         5         5
Called Up Share Capital                            5         5         5
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed           5         5         5
Net Worth                  5         5         5
Working Capital            -         5         5
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0      0      0
Current Assets          -      -      -
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      0      0
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 10,821 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
70310 Real estate agencies



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0    13.17    43.56
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -.61     6.25    28.25
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0        7    22.22
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              69.57   127.67    230.8
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       60.91     4.87        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                     .5        1     1.83
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            38,886.2 48,792.4 100,904.
                                                          2        4        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    26,125 34,322.2 47,262.3
                                                                   7        6
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  19,666.6   66,425  108,000
                                                          7
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  55.59    40.31    21.84



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  7
=        2
Year -1  7
=        2
Year -2  8
=        9
Year -3  9
=        1

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      1         1         1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2016


                             313 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     Jewell County Record (Mankato, Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 14, 2013

FSA now offers microloan program

BYLINE: Jewell County Record staff

LENGTH: 306  words


New and beginning farmers and ranchers in Kansas now have an agricultural
microloan credit option to consider. Jan. 15, The U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Farm Service Agency (FSA) announced a new program to offer its
customers loans of $35, 000 or less. The loan features a streamlined application
and a simplified qualification process built to fit the needs of new and smaller
producers.

"This innovative offering will be more customer-friendly than our larger, more
traditional loan programs," said Bret Strine, acting farm loan manager."Farms
and ranches seeking a smaller loan for start-up or operational needs now have a
great new tool to consider."

"For those selling at farmers' markets or through community supported
agriculture operations (CSAs), a microloan might serve their needs perfectly,"
Strine continued." "And the reduced paperwork associated with the mcroloan will
heip expedite the process for everyone."

The Farm Service Agency provided $102, 532, 393 in farm loan assistance to
agricultural producers of all sizes in Kansas for its 2012 fiscal year which
ended Sept. 30. During that period, 741 operating loans accounted for the
majority of the loans extended, while farm ownership loans totaled 276.

"The interest rate for the microloan is 1.25 percent. The interest rates of
FSA's Microloans are adjusted monthly and repayments terms are one year to
seven.

In response to tighter financial markets, USDA has expanded the availability of
farm credit, helping farmers restructure existing farm debt through loan
refinance across the U.S. Since 2009, USDA has provided more than 128, 000 loans
to family farmers totaling more than $18 billion. More than 50 percent of the
loans went to beginning and socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers.

For more information on microloans, contact the Smith County FSA Office.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JCR

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2013 Jewell County Record


                             314 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                 March 1, 2017

                          THE FUNNY FARM PLAYS LIMITED

                                   PARK FARM
                                SHAFTESBURY ROAD
                                   GILLINGHAM
                               GILLINGHAM SP8 5JG


TRADE ADDRESS: Park Farm Shaftesbury Road, GILLINGHAM SP8 5JG

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 04163821

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: February 20, 2001
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  LAGAN FARMS (DORSET) LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  LAGAN FARMS (DORSET) LIMITED

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Ronald William Clarke, Farmer


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Unlicensed restaurants and cafes
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
56102
82990
93290

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: June 30, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: June 30

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  June 30, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Dormant
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  October 31, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  February 20, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  17,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           30/06/201 30/06/201 30/06/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       -         -         -
Other Current Assets                               -         -         -
Total Current Assets                               -         -         -
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                       0         0         0



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           30/06/201 30/06/201 30/06/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            133,945   133,945   133,945
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                    133,945   133,945   133,945
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                    133,945   133,945   133,945
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                            133,945   133,945   133,945
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry               100       100       100
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                -134045   -134045   -134045
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                            -133945   -133945   -133945
Called Up Share Capital                          100       100       100
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                   -133945   -133945   -133945


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   30/06/201 30/06/201 30/06/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed     -133945   -133945   -133945
Net Worth            -133945   -133945   -133945
Working Capital      -133945   -133945   -133945
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0      0      0
Current Assets          -      -      -
Current                 0      0      0
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      0      0
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 6,263 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
55302 Unlicensed restaurants and cafes



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0    16.67    60.85
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -12.5     5.65       25
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -5.13     1.61     6.68
Sales / Total Assets (%)                             154.76   331.86   804.19
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x           0        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .17      .54     1.04
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            10,829.4 17,087.8 21,450.3
                                                          1        5        1
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  8,500.69 11,465.9 13,471.2
                                                                   7        8
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  29,940.6 37,661.8 51,060.8
                                                          4        2        2
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  39.81    27.68    24.15



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  7
=        6
Year -1  7
=        6
Year -2  3
=        1
Year -3  3
=        1

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                0/06/201 30/06/201 30/06/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      -         -         -
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               0         0         0
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              0         0         0
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP -133945

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2017


                             315 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                February 2, 2017

              CAMPLING ALLEN MANAGEMENT PROPERTY SERVICES LIMITED

                               MANOR FARM COTAGE
                                MANOR FARM CLOSE
                                      ASH
                               ALDERSHOT GU12 6LE


TRADE ADDRESS: Manor Farm Cotage Manor Farm Close, ALDERSHOT GU12 6LE

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 09585780

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: May 12, 2015
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Miss Cheryl Campling, Property Mangement
     ·    Miss Wendy Allen, Property Management


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Other letting and operating of own or leased real estate
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68209

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: May 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: May 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  May 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Dormant
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  January 29, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  May 12, 2016

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/05/201         -         -
                                                   6
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                             100         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         -         -
Other Current Assets                             100         -         -
Total Current Assets                             100         -         -
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                     100         -         -



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/05/201         -         -
                                                   6
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry               100         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         -         -
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                100         -         -
Called Up Share Capital                          100         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/05/201  -  -
                           6
                         GBP GB GB
                              P  P
Total Sales                -  -  -
Cost of Sales              -  -  -
Gross Profit               -  -  -
Operating Profit           -  -  -
Export                     -  -  -
Nontrading Income          -  -  -
Interest Payable           -  -  -
Pretax Profit              -  -  -
Taxation                   -  -  -
Profit After Tax           -  -  -
Dividends Payable          -  -  -
Retained Profits           -  -  -
Value Added                -  -  -
Capital Employed         100  -  -
Net Worth                100  -  -
Working Capital          100  -  -
Emp. Renumeration          -  -  -
Dir. Renumeration          -  -  -
Audit Fees                 -  -  -
Non-audit Fees             -  -  -
Depreciation               -  -  -
Number of                  -  -  -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 59,273 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
70200 Letting of own property



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     3.03    11.52
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0     2.14     6.41
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0    21.62    61.19
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               4.38     7.69    30.85
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       12.15        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .08       .6     2.26
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            27,864.5 79,369.5 161,438.
                                                          1        9        4
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,800 23,120.3 39,861.1
                                                                   7        1
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    70,000 168,352.  404,200
                                                                   9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  29.98     15.9     8.02

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                    1/05/201 --
                                                           6
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                       - --
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                                 - --
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                     - --
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                  - --
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                   - --
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                                   - --
Export / Sales (%)                                         - --
Working Capital / Sales (%)                                - --
Sales / Stocks                                             - --
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales ) x           - --
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                       - --
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                         - --
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                                 - --
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                          1 --
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                             - --
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                         - --
Current Liabilities / Stocks                               - --
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)          - --
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                          - --
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  - --
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                          - --
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                     - --
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   - --
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   - --
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                            - --
Value Added / Sales (%)                                    - --
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    - --
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                        - --
Sales / Audit Fees                                         - --
Total Assets / Audit Fees                                  - --
Creditors / Debtors                                        - --
Total Debt / Working Capital                               - --
Total Debt / Total Assets                                  - --

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2017


                             316 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                            September 3, 2004 Friday

Farm Credit merger with Dutch bank opposed locally

BYLINE: Chris Anderson

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 498 words


NORMAL -- Board members of Normal's First Farm Credit Services strongly oppose
the potential sale of a fellow Farm Credit Association to a Dutch bank.

Wayne Gustafson, First Farm Credit chief executive officer, said the board also
wants federal legislators to eliminate an exit provision associations can pursue
to leave the federal Farm Credit System.

In July, board members of Farm Credit Services of America based in Omaha, Neb.,
accepted an acquisition offer of $650 million from Dutch-based Rabobank. The
Omaha-based association attracted Rabobank's attention, in part, because of
$1.03 billion in unallocated retained earnings.

Last month, AgStar, a Farm Credit Association serving parts of Minnesota and
Wisconsin, offered to merge with FCS of America. AgStar would provide a $650
million cash distribution to farmer stockholders.

First Farm Credit board members view the Rabobank offer as an erosion of the
Farm Credit system and a reduction in agricultural lending competition.
Gustafson, who has overseen two mergers that created First Farm Credit, said he
prefers the AgStar merger.

Good deal for Rabobank

"Rabobank is reacting to a good opportunity. The deal is very good for them.
They get a $7.5 billion portfolio, offices in four states and a fully-trained
staff," said Gustafson. "What it means to the future of the Farm Credit system,
I don't know. If the deal is finalized and Rabobank crosses the river, it won't
be long until we see a new competitor. The bar will be raised for all."

First Farm Credit serves farmer-owners in 42 central, northern and western
Illinois counties. FCS of America provides operating and real estate loans to
farmers in Iowa, Nebraska, South Dakota and Wyoming.

To seal the deal, FCS of America's 51,000 stockholders must vote on the proposal
in December. Farm Credit Administration officials also must approve the sale.
FCS of America would have to pay $800 million to exit the system.

If Rabobank succeeds, Gustafson said a new profit motive will be put in place
that may differ dramatically from the existing cooperative philosophy. Farmers
now overseeing the cooperative will lose operational control if Rabobank buys
FCS of America, he said.

Peter Barry, a University of Illinois distinguished ag finance chair, agreed. He
said FCS of America's directors initially favored the Rabobank sale to provide
stockholders with access to the Dutch bank's national and international lending
markets and new products and services.

"Most of these goals can be achieved by FCS of America remaining a merged member
of the Farm Credit System," said Barry, adding AgStar's merger offer would
diversify types of loans and farming regions, increase operating efficiencies
and provide access to ongoing capital and patronage allocation to stockholders.

Barry noted the Farm Credit System holds nearly 30 percent of U.S. farm debt and
a higher percentage of farm real estate loans. He said the system provides added
competition in rural financial markets.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2004 The Pantagraph


                             317 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                           October 25, 2012 Thursday

Agri loan disbursement rises by 20pc in Q1

LENGTH: 483 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, Oct. 25 -- All the private commercial banks (PCBs) and foreign
commercial banks (FCBs) operating in the country have cumulatively achieved over
20 per cent growth in agricultural loan disbursement during the July-September
period of the current fiscal year (FY 2012-13).

According to the Bangladesh Bank (BB) data, the PCBs and FCBs have disbursed a
total of Tk 10.66 billion to the farmers during the period, which was Tk 8.4
billion in the corresponding period of the previous fiscal (2011-12).

General manager of BB's Agricultural Credit and Financial Inclusion Department
Nirmal Chandra Bhakta said due to the central bank's strict monitoring the banks
have recently become more active in disbursing soft loan to farmers.

"We have been trying hard to increase farm loan disbursement for the greater
interest of the nation," he said.

"Strict monitoring by the central bank has also helped to increase the loan
disbursement across the country."

"BB has introduced Web-based Agriculture Credit-MIS software to facilitate banks
in carrying out qualitative and quantitative performance monitoring of farm
credit disbursement," he added.

Another high official of the central bank said the punitive measures taken by BB
in last fiscal also prompted the banks to be more active in disbursing agri
loan.

"BB took punitive actions against the commercial banks which failed to achieve
their annual farm loan disbursement target in last fiscal."

The central bank cut the amount of respective non-disbursed farm loan of the
commercial banks from their deposit money, kept in the BB fund, at the end of
the FY 2011-12, according to the official.

The banks will get interest at the rate of 5.0 per cent on the deducted amount,
much lower than traditional interest rates, he added.

Among the PCBs and the FCBs, Islami Bank Bangladesh Ltd (IBBL) alone disbursed
over 27 per cent of the total disbursed amount during the first three months of
the present fiscal.

"We always try to contribute to the poor segment of the country, as our vision
is not only to make money. Islami banking dose not permit money-making only,"
IBBL managing director Mohammad Abdul Mannan told the FE.

However, three FCBs failed to give a single taka to the farmers during the
period, and the performance of ten other PCBs was much lower than their
periodical target.

In the current fiscal agri loan disbursement target for the PCBs and FCBs has
been set at Tk 55.23 billion, which is around 2.33 billion higher than that of
the previous fiscal.

According to the central bank's circular, the commercial banks operating in the
country have to disburse at least 2.25 per cent of their total loans and
advances in the agricultural sector. Published by HT Syndication with permission
from The Financial Express. For any query with respect to this article or any
other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                             318 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                              June 20, 2016 Monday
                                  EAST EDITION

Crop Glut Harrows Farm Renters As Loans Come Due

SECTION: A; Pg. A09

LENGTH: 222 words


BY BLOOMBERG NEWS

American farmers who expanded production using rented land during the commodity
boom a few years ago are now struggling to repay loans.

A crop glut has eroded prices and sent profit to a 14-year low, but rents have
barely budged, and debt levels are the highest in over three decades, government
data show. Bankers are cutting back on loans that aren't secured by land, so
more farmers are tapping into a U.S. Department of Agriculture program designed
to be the lender of last resort. And it's almost out of money.

The USDA's Farm Service Agency has allocated $140 million a month on average for
direct operating loans since Oct. 1, leaving just $129 million in the budget for
the remaining four months of the fiscal year.

With about 39% of U.S. farms operating on rented property, increased government
intervention signals lower land values and more consolidation because
debt-strapped and younger farmers will be forced to quit, according to farm
groups advocating for more financial aid.

"Anyone carrying a lot of leverage or renting a lot of farmland, it is going to
be a pretty tough year," said Jim Farrell, president of Omaha, Neb.-based
Farmers National Co., which manages more than 5,000 farms and ranches in 24
states on behalf of property owners who lease their land to tenant growers and
livestock producers.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             319 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

USDA Adds $185 Million to Its Direct, Guaranteed Loan Program

LENGTH: 572  words

DATELINE: New York



 Jackson: Growing Mississippi has issued the following news release:



  USDA's Farm Service Agency announced today that it is offering some
much-needed relief to financially stressed farmers by making an additional $185
million worth of direct and guaranteed loans available in the short remainder of
this fiscal year.





 The additional funds will make it possible to issue or guarantee 1,900 loans to
farmers who already applied and have been waiting for the credit they need to
buy fuel, fertilizer, feed or other inputs, FSA said. The money won't be able to
meet nearly all of the pent-up demand, the agency said. In fact, it will only
cover about 30 percent of the outstanding need until the next fiscal year starts
on Oct. 1.



 "Some of our farming and ranching customers are experiencing challenges due to
market conditions and have been on a wait list for up to 60 days, so this will
help those applicants whose paperwork has been pending the longest period of
time to obtain credit or restructure loans as needed," FSA Administrator Val
Dolcini said in a release. "While the backlog in loan applications will grow
between now and the end of the fiscal year, it is important for borrowers to
continue to apply since we will process loans on a first-come-first-served basis
based on the application date, once funding is replenished in fiscal year 2017."




 The growing demand for the farm operating loans can be tied directly to years
of week commodity prices, said Bob Young, chief economist for the American Farm
Bureau Federation.



 "It is kind of a sign of the times, just as much as anything else," Young said.
"For the last several years... farmers that you talk to were basically
self-financing... They had the cash in hand so they didn't have to go to the
bank for loans to be able to put the crop in the ground. Some farmers have
obviously chewed through that money and are now saying I need to go to the bank
and get a loan."



 FSA in its statement confirmed that the loans it makes or guarantees are in
much higher demand than in past years.



 It's a problem that was pointed out earlier this year by Nathan Kauffman,
assistant vice president and Omaha branch executive with the Federal Reserve
Bank of Kansas City. Default rates are still low, Kauffman told the Senate
Appropriations Subcommittee on Agriculture in a special session in March, but he
stressed that prolonged declines in commodity prices and farmer income threaten
to weaken agricultural credit conditions and put pressure on farmland values.



 Farm income is expected to fall in 2016 for the third year in a row, according
to a new forecast released this week by USDA's Economic Research Service. The
updated prediction for net farm income is $71.5 billion, down from $80.7 billion
in 2015 and $92.6 billion in 2014.



 The FSA also reminded farmers today that they can get similar loan guarantees
from the Small Business Administration and may even be able to switch back into
the FSA program after they get a loan.



 But Young said there is a danger of farmers taking on too much debt.



 "The concern is that if we get to the stage where they're rolling these
operating loans from one year to the next and some of that may be what's going
on here," he said. "I suspect that the demand level for those loans is going to
remain high," Young said.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             320 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2016 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               November 10, 2016

                           VESTBROWN (NEWCO) LIMITED

                                 THE FARM HOUSE
                        HEDLEY HILL FARM CORNSAY COLLIER
                                     DURHAM
                                 Durham DH7 9EX


TRADE ADDRESS: The Farm House Hedley Hill Farm Cornsay Collier, Durham DH7 9EX

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 07821814

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: October 25, 2011
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 3

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name                          Turnover
No.
09547587        LONGHIRST DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                -
08896782        PALLADIAN (THIRSK) LIMITED                   -
08527221        VBTH LIMITED                                 -
08455852        WYNYARD BUILDING LIMITED                     -
08330731        NORTH SHIELDS LAND DEVELOPMENT               -
                LIMITED
08174439        WINLATON 1373 LIMITED                        -
07925852        M62 DEVELOPMENTS LIMITED                     -
07809965        TIMEC 1334 LIMITED                           -
07695623        VB TURNBULL LIMITED                   1,075,00
                                                             0
07583118        HEATON BUILDING & DEVELOPMENTS               -
                LIMITED

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Michael Francis Hogan, Director
     ·    Mrs Mary Rita Hogan, Director


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: A group engaged in the provision of finding residential
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Large unquoted company

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
70110 - Development and selling of real estate

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Group
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  August 25, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  October 25, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  1,500,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                               46,000    28,000    55,000
Intangible Assets                             42,000    71,000         0
Total Fixed Assets                            88,000    99,000    55,000
Stocks                                     13,443,00 6,824,000         0
                                                   0
Debtors                                      117,000   394,000         0
Cash                                       5,070,000 9,178,000         0
Miscellaneous Current Assets               3,016,000 3,601,000   768,000
Other Current Assets                       8,086,000 12,779,00   768,000
                                                             0
Total Current Assets                       21,646,00 19,997,00   768,000
                                                   0         0
Fixed Assets                                  22,000    28,000         -
Intermediate Assets                           24,000         0         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        0         0         0
Due From Group, Current                        5,000   695,000         0
TOTAL ASSETS                               21,734,00 20,096,00   823,000
                                                   0         0



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                    194,000   171,000         0
Bank Overdraft                                     0         0         0
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities          4,877,000 4,623,000   210,000
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       0         0         -
Other Short Term Finance                      72,000     7,000         -
Due To Group, Current                              0         0         0
Due To Directors, Current                     72,000     7,000         0
Other Current Liabilities                  4,805,000 4,616,000         -
Short Term Loans                              72,000     7,000         -
Long Term Loans                            1,300,000         0         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                0         0         -
Other Long Term Finance                    1,300,000         0         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          0         0         0
Due To Directors, Non Current                      0         0         0
Other Long Term Liabilities                  751,000   926,000         -
Total Current Liabilities                  5,071,000 4,794,000   210,000
Total Long Term Liabilities                2,051,000   926,000         0
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          7,122,000 5,720,000   210,000
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry           611,000   611,000   611,000
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve              14,001,00 13,765,00     2,000
                                                   0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                0         0         0
Shareholder Funds                          14,612,00 14,376,00   613,000
                                                   0         0
Called Up Share Capital                      611,000   611,000         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 0         0         -
Contingent Liabilities                       155,000    149000         -
NET ASSETS                                 16,663,00 15,302,00   613,000
                                                   0         0


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales        6,541,000 7,741,000         -
Cost of Sales      5,492,000 5,072,000         -
Gross Profit       1,049,000 2,669,000         -
Operating Profit     609,000 1,902,000         -
Export                     0         0         -
Nontrading Income    183,000     4,000         -
Interest Payable      26,000    38,000         -
Pretax Profit        766,000 1,868,000         -
Taxation             144,000   425,000         -
Profit After Tax     622,000 1,443,000         -
Dividends Payable    353,000   476,000         -
Retained Profits     236,000   670,000         -
Value Added          630,456 1,917,144         -
Capital Employed   16,663,00 15,302,00   613,000
                           0         0
Net Worth          14,570,00 14,305,00   613,000
                           0         0
Working Capital    16,575,00 15,203,00   558,000
                           0         0
Emp. Renumeration     14,000    11,000         -
Dir. Renumeration      6,000     6,000         -
Audit Fees             1,000    30,000         -
Non-audit Fees        26,000    25,000         0
Depreciation           6,000     3,000         -
Number of                  3         3         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                               31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
                                                     GBP       GBP       GBP
Net Cashflow From Operating Activities          -3441000 3,992,000         -
Net Cashflow From Return On Investment And        12,000   -525000         -
Servicing Of Finance
Net Cashflow Before Financing                   -3624000 1,409,000         -
Net Cashflow From Financing                      -484000         0         -
Increase In Cash                                -4108000 1,409,000         -

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                 -16      -      -
Pretax                -59      -      -
Total Assets            8  2,541      -
Current Assets          8  2,719      -
Current                 6  2,315      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        9  2,618      -
Employee Wages         27      -      -
Number of               0      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 46,092 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
70110 Development and selling of real estate



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -0.10     2.17    15.47
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -0.71     0.27     7.42
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              0.00    14.77    83.33
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               0.47    10.46    76.07
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       73.00     0.88     0.00
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   0.50     1.03     2.37
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            24,492.0 40,867.4 170,352.
                                                          0        5        0
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  16,978.0 29,653.9 43,568.7
                                                          9        7        6
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    308.33 5,500.00 131,460.
                                                                            4
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  33.50    14.87     4.02



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  7
=        0
Year -1  7
=        3
Year -2  7
=        5
Year -3  5
=        6

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                4.60     12.21         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                          3.52      9.30         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)              5.24     12.99         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                          11.71     24.13         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                           30.10     38.52         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                          297.32    276.46         -
Export / Sales (%)                                  0.00      0.00         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                       253.40    196.40         -
Sales / Stocks                                      0.49      1.13         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )      6.53     18.58         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                4.27      4.17      3.66
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  1.62      2.75      3.66
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                          9.42      0.05         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.67      0.72      0.74
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                      8.92      0.00         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                  3.28      1.99         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                        0.38      0.70         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees     4,666.67  3,666.67         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                   0.21      0.14         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)       255,333. 622,666.6         -
                                                       3
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)               2,180,33 2,580,333         -
                                                       3
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees          5,554,33 5,100,666         -
                                                       3
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        7,333.33  9,333.33         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        7,244,66 6,698,666         -
                                                       6
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                   121.50     97.44         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                             9.64     24.77         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)         210,152. 639,048.0         -
                                                       0
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                45.03    174.29         -
Sales / Audit Fees                              6,541.00    258.03         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                       21,734.0    669.87         -
                                                       0
Creditors / Debtors                                 1.66      0.43         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                        0.08      0.00         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                           0.06      0.00         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 16,663,000

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Tait Walker LLP

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2016


                             321 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 22, 2017

                                VG FARMS LIMITED

                                  STATION FARM
                                  STATION ROAD
                                 SIBSEY BOSTON
                                BOSTON PE22 0SE


TRADE ADDRESS: Station Farm Station Road, Sibsey Boston, BOSTON PE22 0SE

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 03327531

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: March 4, 1997
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Vernon Edward Read, Farm Manager
     ·    Mr George Read, Farm Manager


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Growing of vegetables and melons, roots and tubers
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
01130 - Growing of fruit, nuts, beverage and spice crops

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: January 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: January 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  January 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  October 17, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  March 4, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  16,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/01/201 31/01/201 31/01/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       -         -         -
Other Current Assets                               -         -         -
Total Current Assets                               -         -         -
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                       0         0         0



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/01/201 31/01/201 31/01/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry               100       100       100
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                   -100      -100      -100
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital                          100       100       100
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/01/201 31/01/201 31/01/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed           0         0         0
Net Worth                  0         0         0
Working Capital            -         -         -
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0      0   -100
Current Assets          -      -      -
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      0   -100
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 1,098 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
01120 Growing of vegetables, horticultural
specialities and nursery products



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -.74     6.04    18.68
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -.68     3.87    10.92
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -.47     3.18     9.46
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              79.41   133.18   202.48
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       40.54    20.16        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .61     1.21     2.42
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            24,297.5 30,897.7 42,192.1
                                                          8        9
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  16,759.6 20,338.1 25,995.2
                                                          5        5        8
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  51,009.9 90,563.5 185,538.
                                                          4        3        2
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  39.12    22.78     12.3



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  8
=        0
Year -1  7
=        9
Year -2  8
=        1
Year -3  9
=        9

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/01/201 31/01/201 31/01/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      -         -         -
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 0         0         0
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               0         0         0
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              0         0         0
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Dexter & Sharpe

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2017


                             322 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 8, 2017

                              GLENRATH FARMS LTD.

                                 GLENRATH FARM
                                     S LTD
                           WHIM POULTRY FARM LAMANCHA
                              WEST LINTON EH46 7BD


TRADE ADDRESS: Whim Poultry Farm, WEST LINTON EH46 7BD

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01968675596
FAX: 01968-676957
URL: www.glenrathfarms.co.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: SC042166

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: May 12, 1965
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 207

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Professor William Alexander Campbell Mckelvey, Company Director
     ·    Mr John Park Campbell, Farmer
     ·    Mrs Catherine Mary Sutherland Campbell, Housewife
     ·    Mr Ian Andrew Campbell, Farmer
     ·    Ms Karen Mary Joan Campbell, Director
     ·    Mr David Murray, Retail
     ·    Mrs Sandra Jane Dall, Farmers


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Raising of poultry
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated HCO

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
01470
46330

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: May 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: May 28

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  May 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Group
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  February 28, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  March 26, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  1,822,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/05/201 31/05/201 31/05/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            39,085,51 38,741,70 38,057,50
                                                   5         8         8
Intangible Assets                                  -         -    25,168
Total Fixed Assets                         39,085,51 38,741,70 38,082,67
                                                   5         8         6
Stocks                                     2,816,584 2,710,537 3,491,931
Debtors                                    6,823,417 6,424,895 7,193,987
Cash                                       30,721,79 23,740,77 17,661,85
                                                   6         7         1
Miscellaneous Current Assets                 313,847   615,502   716,684
Other Current Assets                       31,035,64 24,356,27 18,378,53
                                                   3         9         5
Total Current Assets                       40,675,64 33,491,71 29,064,45
                                                   4         1         3
Fixed Assets                               39,085,51 38,741,70 38,057,50
                                                   5         8         8
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               79,761,15 72,233,41 67,147,12
                                                   9         9         9



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/05/201 31/05/201 31/05/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                  4,471,447 3,577,673 4,308,331
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities          1,417,010 1,055,078 1,204,849
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                     246,035         -         -
Due To Group, Current                        246,035         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                  1,170,975 1,055,078 1,204,849
Short Term Loans                             246,035         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                  740,415   788,575   816,287
Total Current Liabilities                  5,888,457 4,632,751 5,513,180
Total Long Term Liabilities                  740,415   788,575   816,287
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          6,628,872 5,421,326 6,329,467
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry         1,462,868 1,651,859 1,816,405
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve              70,258,58 63,749,39 57,590,42
                                                   2         7         0
Revaluation Reserve                        1,410,837 1,410,837 1,410,837
Shareholder Funds                          73,132,28 66,812,09 60,817,66
                                                   7         3         2
Called Up Share Capital                      500,000   500,000   500,000
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)           962,868 1,151,859 1,316,405
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 73,872,70 67,600,66 61,633,94
                                                   2         8         9


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/05/201 31/05/201 31/05/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales        51,716,16 52,340,23 54,264,18
                           1         5         1
Cost of Sales      35,156,91 35,939,32 38,308,23
                           5         4         2
Gross Profit       16,559,24 16,400,91 15,955,94
                           6         1         9
Operating Profit   8,080,830 7,705,363 7,291,901
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income    109,529   120,734   196,227
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit      8,190,359 7,826,097 7,488,128
Taxation           1,681,174 1,667,120 1,706,517
Profit After Tax   6,509,185 6,158,977 5,781,611
Dividends Payable          0         0         0
Retained Profits   6,509,185 6,158,977 5,781,611
Value Added        16,665,28 15,818,51 14,581,31
                           8         0         6
Capital Employed   73,872,70 67,600,66 61,633,94
                           2         8         9
Net Worth          73,132,28 66,812,09 60,792,49
                           7         3         4
Working Capital    34,787,18 28,858,96 23,551,27
                           7         0         3
Emp. Renumeration  5,102,099 4,709,071 4,385,261
Dir. Renumeration    533,776   617,713   504,601
Audit Fees            19,000    16,000    15,400
Non-audit Fees        30,850    22,175    24,150
Depreciation       3,482,359 3,404,076 2,904,154
Number of                207       211       209
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                               31/05/201 31/05/201 31/05/201
                                                       6         5         4
                                                     GBP       GBP       GBP
Net Cashflow From Operating Activities         12,406,14 11,754,00 9,726,719
                                                       0         8
Net Cashflow From Return On Investment And       109,529   120,734   196,227
Servicing Of Finance
Net Cashflow Before Financing                  6,981,019 6,054,480   526,844
Net Cashflow From Financing                            -    24,446   452,870
Increase In Cash                               6,981,019 6,078,926   979,714

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales               -1.19   -4.7  -7.77
Pretax               4.65   9.38   6.37
Total Assets        10.42  18.79     32
Current Assets      21.45  39.95  49.05
Current              27.1   6.81  22.28
Liabilities
Capital Employed     9.28  19.86  32.84
Employee Wages       8.35  16.35  10.79
Number of            -1.9  -0.96  -8.81
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 779 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
01240 Farming of poultry



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   8.24    23.23    34.29
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                        5.7    14.33       24
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                               .33      .46     3.83
Sales / Total Assets (%)                             145.33   501.86    6,090
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       31.29        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .47      .99        2
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            33,913.5 47,402.1 65,866.0
                                                          4        7        4
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    19,120 23,810.8 26,578.9
                                                                   1        5
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  139,107. 256,305. 551,449.
                                                          1        5        9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  15.55      9.1     5.02



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  10
=         0
Year -1  10
=         0
Year -2  10
=         0
Year -3  10
=         0

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/05/201 31/05/201 31/05/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)               11.09     11.58     12.15
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                         10.27     10.83     11.15
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)              11.2     11.71     12.31
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                          15.84     14.95      13.8
Sales / Total Assets (%)                           64.84     72.46     80.81
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                            1.32      1.35      1.43
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                        67.27     55.14      43.4
Sales / Stocks                                     18.36     19.31     15.54
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )     48.16      44.8     48.39
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                6.91      7.23      5.27
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  6.43      6.64      4.64
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                          0.34         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.92      0.92      0.91
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                        2.09      1.71      1.58
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees     24,647.8 22,317.87 20,982.11
(GBP)                                                  2
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                   9.87         9      8.08
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)       39,566.9 37,090.51 35,828.36
                                                       5
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)               249,836.   248,058 259,637.2
                                                       5
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees           356,873 320,382.3 294,899.3
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        188,818.   183,610 182,093.3
                                                       9
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        385,319. 342,338.5 321,278.1
                                                       6
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                    49.15     49.47     51.35
Value Added / Sales (%)                            32.22     30.22     26.87
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)         80,508.6 74,969.24 69,767.06
                                                       4
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                 3.27      3.36      3.33
Sales / Audit Fees                               2,721.9  3,271.26  3,523.65
Total Assets / Audit Fees                       4,197.96  4,514.59   4,360.2
Creditors / Debtors                                 0.66      0.56       0.6
Total Debt / Working Capital                        0.01         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              0         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 73,872,702

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Saffery Champness

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2017


                             323 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                 March 7, 2017

                       BROWNLOW FARM (MANAGEMENT) LIMITED

                                    THE FARM
                                     HOUSE
                             BROWNLOW FARM TWISTON
                               CLITHEROE BB7 4BY


TRADE ADDRESS: The Farm House Brownlow Farm Twiston, CLITHEROE BB7 4BY

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 04130333

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: December 22, 2000
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mrs Karen Ann Preece, Director
     ·    Mr Alick Beaton Wilson, Systems Analyst
     ·    Mr Graeme Keith Robinson, Retired


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    MrGraeme KeithRobinson


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Other business support service activities n.e.c.
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
82990

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: June 30, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: June 30

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  June 30, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Dormant
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  March 3, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  December 22, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  17,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           30/06/201 30/06/201 30/06/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    3         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 3         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               3         3         3
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         0         0
Other Current Assets                               3         3         3
Total Current Assets                               3         3         3
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                3         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                       6         3         3



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           30/06/201 30/06/201 30/06/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 6         3         3
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                  6         3         3
Called Up Share Capital                            6         3         3
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   30/06/201 30/06/201 30/06/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed           6         3         3
Net Worth                  6         3         3
Working Capital            3         3         3
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets          100    100    100
Current Assets          0      0      0
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed      100    100    100
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 178,145 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
74849 Other business activities not elsewhere classified



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     9.23    54.84
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0      1.9    32.63
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0      .98    27.13
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              50.95   143.84   367.16
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       26.26        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .79     1.13     2.24
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            28,637.6 53,888.3 72,276.9
                                                          7        2
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  16,835.7 26,753.2 39,868.1
                                                          2        1        3
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  31,518.2 84,193.5 186,740.
                                                          9        5        9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  47.63    27.94    18.75



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  7
=        6
Year -1  7
=        6
Year -2  9
=        5
Year -3  9
=        5

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                0/06/201 30/06/201 30/06/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      1         1         1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2017


                             324 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               February 23, 2017

                       PARSONAGE FARM (STANSTED) LIMITED

                                 PARSONAGE FARM
                                 PARSONAGE FARM
                                    STANSTED
                               STANSTED CM24 8TY


TRADE ADDRESS: Parsonage Farm Parsonage Farm, STANSTED CM24 8TY

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01279817509
FAX: 01279817509

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 06257764

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: May 23, 2007
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Christopher Roger Morton, Company Director
     ·    Martin Morton, Farmer


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Development of building projects
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
41100

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Dormant
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  February 21, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  May 23, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  12,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               2         2         2
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         0         0
Other Current Assets                               2         2         2
Total Current Assets                               2         2         2
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                       2         2         2



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         0         0
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         0         0
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         0         0
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         0         0
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 2         2         2
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                  2         2         2
Called Up Share Capital                            2         2         2
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         2         2


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed           2         2         2
Net Worth                  2         2         2
Working Capital            2         2         2
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         2         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0      0      0
Current Assets          0      0      0
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      0      0
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 38,858 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
70110 Development and selling of real estate



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     3.62    16.84
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -.82     1.38     8.35
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0    19.97    97.01
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               2.09    11.14    86.17
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       57.29     1.87        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .49     1.02     2.33
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            36,804.6 93,639.4 252,786.
                                                          1        9        4
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    20,650 33,331.4   54,600
                                                                   9
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                       500   14,000 320,104.
                                                                            1
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  24.27    10.59     5.03



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  7
=        0
Year -1  7
=        2
Year -2  8
=        9
Year -3  1
=        3

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      1         1         1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         0         0
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         1         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         1         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                             325 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Farm Credit Chief Predicts Fast Start;
For New Secondary Mortgage Market

                            January 22, 1988, Friday

By BARBARA A. REHM, Washington Bureau

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The government-sponsored secondary market for farm mortgages should be up and
running by fall, Farm Credit Administration chairman Frank Naylor predicted
Thursday.

The Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp., or Farmer Mac, was authorized as part
of a Farm Credit System bailout package. It is designed to ensure long-term,
fixed-rate credit for agricultural real estate.

The agency allows banks, insurance companies, and other agricultural lenders,
including the Farm Credit System, to package and sell long-term farm mortgages
on the secondary market rather than holding them for years.

"I think most people see a pretty quick start," Mr. Naylor said. "It could be
operating by this fall."

In a breakfast speech at the National Press Club, the chairman said he is
pleased with the structuring of Congress's $4 billion bailout. "On balance, I
think there's some reason for cautious optimism for the Farm Credit System."

He added that it is up to the managers and directors of the system's
institutions to make the bailout work. "Frankly," he said after the speech,
"they've had some real difficulty the last few years getting it together."

The secondary market securities will be backed by a 10% reserve established for
each loan pool and, ultimately, by a $1.5 billion line of credit with the U.S.
Treasury. For the first three years, Congress limited the amount of new
securities that can be sold to 2%, 4%, and 8%, of the total agricultural
mortgage market.

Using today's volume, that amounts to $1.6 billion in the first year, $3.2
billion the second, and $6.4 billion in the third.

Mr. Naylor applauded the "breathing room" these limitations give the system's
members. But he admonished them to take advantage of the chance to become
competitive by bringing down "unacceptably high" operating costs and percentages
of nonperforming loans.

The Farm Credit System's financial assistance board officially began operating
yesterday. It will identify the member banks to be assisted and terms of the
assistance.

Four federal land banks will need the board's attention right away, he said, but
he would not identify the banks. The Federal Land Bank of Jackson, Miss.,
however, is known to be near insolvency.

The Farm Credit System is authorized to issue up to $4 billion in
government-backed bonds in order to provide assistance to members, but Mr.
Naylor said there was no pressure for such an issue in the near future.

"The actual amount of federal assistance, in terms of hard cash, will end up
being rather minimal," he predicted. Asked after his speech for specific
numbers, Mr. Naylor said bailout costs are likely to fall "in a range from well
under $1 billion to something not too far above that."

The Farm Credit System has lost almost $5 billion since 1985. Mr. Naylor expects
that it came close to breaking even in 1987. He admitted that the improvement
is, at least in part, due to accounting and one-time occurrences, such as member
institutions reversing earlier loan-loss reserves.

Mr. Naylor estimated that it will take a year to see the effects of legislative
changes on agricultural lending.

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 524 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1988 American Banker, Inc.


                             326 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                            October 1, 2013 Tuesday

How a Government Shutdown Would Hurt Banks

BYLINE: Victoria Finkle, Alan Kline

SECTION: REGULATION & REFORM Vol. 178 No. 151

LENGTH: 1681  words


WASHINGTON - The banking regulators will remain open in the event of a
government shutdown, but the ongoing fiscal battle in Congress could still have
significant implications for the financial services industry.

The shutdown will go into effect after midnight on Monday, the end of the fiscal
year, unless lawmakers in the House and Senate are able to strike a last minute
deal to at least temporarily fund the government for several more weeks.

The two chambers remained at an impasse Monday over House Republicans' efforts
to use the fight as an opportunity to defund or delay President Obama's
healthcare law. Analysts predicted that the government will likely have to
shutter its doors, though for how long is unclear. Such an event raises
questions about pending regulations, certain mortgage and small business loans
and the broader impact on the economy. Following is our guide to how a shutdown
will affect banks.

FHA, SBA, Farm Loans Will Grind to a Halt

Banks that make government-guaranteed small-business, mortgage or farm loans --
and customers seeking those loans -- will feel the impact of the shutdown
immediately.

The U.S. Small Business Administration, the Federal Housing Administration, and
the Farm Service Agency, an arm of the Department of Agriculture, will largely
stop processing loan applications if the government is closed, resulting in
potentially large backlogs at banks that originate the loans.

The SBA said in its 36-page shutdown plan that it will shutter all of its loan
programs except one that makes direct loans to home and business owners affected
by natural or man-made disasters. In its two main programs, 7(a) and 504, the
SBA provided guarantees on more than 55,000 loans last year totaling more than
$30 billion in fiscal year 2012 and was on pace to approve similar volumes in
fiscal year 2013. The SBA said that nearly 2,200 of its employees, or 62% of its
workforce, will be furloughed.

Craig Street, the head of SBA lending at the $56 billion-asset Huntington
Bancshares (HBAN) in Columbus, Ohio, said that the impact of the shutdown on the
bank and its customers will be directly related to how long it lasts.

"If it's only a few days then the impact would be fairly benign," Street said.
"If it were to last longer than a week then it could become problematic."

Complicating matters is that several new SBA rules take effect Tuesday, the
start of the new fiscal year, including one that will eliminate fees on all SBA
loans of less than $150,000. Business owners that waited to apply for the loans
to avoid the guarantee fee will have their applications put on hold until the
shutdown ends.

The FHA, meanwhile, will be unable to underwrite and approve new loans,
according to a report from the Department of Housing and Urban Development,
which oversees the agency. However, Ginnie Mae, which guarantees timely payments
to investors in government-insured mortgage-backed securities, will continue
operating. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac also will also be largely unaffected.

For the most part, HUD will maintain minimum operations during a shutdown. As a
result, FHA lenders cannot be assigned case numbers for new loans and they take
some risk in closing loans since they do not know when the government will
reopen. A loan has to be submitted to FHA within 60 days of closing to receive
insurance.

"An interruption in operations would create immediate and significant market
disruption that would lead to financial losses for investors and increased
mortgage rates for government-insured mortgage loans," HUD said in a 67-page
report detailing the impact of a shutdown.

Only 350 of HUD's 8,700 employees will be working full-time during a hiatus, HUD
said. But the agency anticipated another 400 employees will be able to work on
an intermittent basis during the first few days of an appropriations lapse.

The Farm Service Agency, which offers loan guarantees on bank loans to farmers
and ranchers, is already dealing with a large backlog of loans that could be
made substantially worse by an extended shutdown, said John Blanchfield, the
senior vice president at the American Bankers Association's Center for Rural and
Agricultural Banking.

The agency, which guarantees roughly $2.5 billion of farm loans each year, has
said that it will close all of its field and district offices during a shutdown,
and though it will still accept applications online, no one will be around to
read them.

Blanchfield said that because the Department of Agriculture has been operating
under a continuing resolution all year, roughly 1,000 farm real estate loans -
totaling $430 million - have gone unprocessed because the Farm Service Agency is
awaiting funding.

Even if the budget crisis is resolved, there might not be much money left over
to fund new loans, Blanchfield said.

"Any new money will be used to fund the backlog, so we could be right back in a
backlog situation," he said.

The Volcker Rule (and Other Regs) Will Be Delayed

The primary banking regulators, including the Federal Reserve Board, the Office
of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and
the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation are all poised to remain open in the
event of a shutdown, because none are subject to the federal budget. But two key
agencies, the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Commodity Futures
Trading Commission, could both be forced to close if lawmakers don't come to a
resolution - potentially hamstringing several interagency efforts, including the
Volcker rule and a host of derivatives rules that have yet to be finalized.

The SEC said Monday that it has additional funds to remain "open and
operational" on Oct. 1 if a government shutdown occurs, but it's uncertain how
long that money would last. The agency remained open during the entirety of the
last government shutdown, which lasted for 21 days starting in December 1995.

Still, there is "some distraction inevitable" in the event of a possible
shutdown, said David Lynn, a partner at Morrison Foerster and former chief
counsel at the SEC's Division of Corporation Finance, who was at the agency in
the mid-1990s during the last budget battle. "Human nature kicks in and some of
the time you're worried about making your mortgage payment" if the agency does
have to close, along with the internal meetings and other procedural work that
goes into preparing for a possible shutdown.

The CFTC will implement its shutdown plan on Tuesday if the government is not
funded, a spokeswoman confirmed on Monday. Only "essential" employees would be
permitted to work in the case of a shutdown - just 6% of SEC staff and 4% of
CFTC staff, according to shutdown operating plans the two agencies published
last week.

Functions that would remain ongoing "include those related to emergencies
involving the safety of human life or the protection of property, including law
enforcement functions; those for which there is an express authority to continue
during an appropriations lapse; and those for which authority to continue during
an appropriations lapse arises by necessary implication," the SEC said in its
plan, issued Sept. 27.

Such operations would not include day-to-day work like the writing of
regulations, such as the long delayed Volcker rule, which would impose a ban on
propriety trading at commercial banks. The rule, first proposed in 2010, is
still being drafted by five agencies, including the SEC and CFTC.

Comptroller of the Currency Thomas Curry pledged last week at American Banker's
Regulatory Symposium that regulators would issue the rule by the end of the
year, a deadline that could be difficult to meet if key staff are delayed for
several weeks due to a shutdown. The rule is now in its final stages and rests
in the hands of several dozen staff economists at the SEC to calculate the costs
and benefits of its numerous and complex provisions, Bloomberg reported Monday
morning.

The SEC and CFTC have also been working to implement a host of key derivatives
rules under the Dodd-Frank law, and the SEC is separately pursuing reforms to
money market mutual funds - work that would stop in the wake of a government
shutdown, in addition to work on pending enforcement actions.

"People are basically prohibited from working - as an employee, you can't take
work home and do it from there," said Lynn.

Brian Gardner, an analyst with Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, said that timing delays
would become more apparent the longer a shutdown lasts.

"If it goes on for several weeks, then you start to see an effect on the timing
of rules that need to be finalized," he said.

Shutdown May Hurt Broader Economy

Analysts also warned that the ongoing budget fight could have wider implications
for the economy beyond the impact on specific agencies and programs.

"We see no upside for financials or housing in a shutdown," said Jaret Seiberg,
a policy analyst at Guggenheim Securities, in a note to clients Monday. "Any
benefit from delayed rules or fewer enforcement actions is greatly offset by the
risk that a shutdown could weaken consumer confidence and slow economic growth."

As is the case with more specific issues, the key question is how long the
looming shutdown lasts. Estimates range from a few hours to several weeks - a
particular cause for concern because the U.S. is expected to reach its debt
limit Oct. 17 unless Congress quickly acts to raise it.

"Our sense is that if the government does shutdown at midnight it will last for
either a matter of hours or well into mid-October when the impending debt
ceiling deadline will force Congressional action," said Isaac Boltansky, an
analyst at Compass Point Research & Trading, in a note to clients Monday.
"Congress faces a 'must act' deadline in mid-October which we believe would
serve as a catalyst to end a government shutdown if it were to last that long."

Still, Seiberg warned in his note that if the two events merge it could create
"an even bigger mess."

"Our view remains that the market is underestimating the overall risk with both
the budget and the debt limit," he said.

Kate Berry contributed to this story.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AMERICANBANKER_AB


                        Copyright 2013 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             327 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Hutchinson News (Kansas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 4, 2010 Thursday

Sanctioned banks feeling recession's pull: Two regional banks are ordered to
take steps to improve funds management, raise capital

BYLINE: Amy Bickel, The Hutchinson News, Kan.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 989 words


Mar. 4--TWO REGIONAL BANKS -- Security State Bank of Scott City and Pilsen State
Bank in Lincolnville -- are part of a growing list of U.S. banks recently
sanctioned by regulators during a tough economy.

In the past two months, The Scott and Marion county banks were issued a
"stipulation to the Issuance of a Consent Order" -- meaning the bank leadership
neither admits nor denies any unsound practices but agrees to follow orders
issued by the FDIC and the Kansas State Banking Board.

One other bank in Kansas, First Security Bank & Trust Company, Norton, received
a similar order.

The announcements come at a time when small to mid-sized banks are coming under
stress as the recession continues, with more than 50 of the state's nearly 325
banks suffering low ratings.

"That's up considerably from good economic times," said Chuck Stones, president
of the Kansas Bankers Association who has been watching the trend for quite some
time. "Commercial real estate loans are being devalued all over the country,
property values are decreasing, and the banks with these kinds of loans are
being affected."

The number of the state's problem banks has since stabilized, he said. However,
how soon the economy will recover is anyone's guess.

Security State Bank

Security State Bank signed a consent order in January that requires it to raise
capital, not pay dividends without prior approval, reduce concentrations of
credit, and improve liquidity and funds management.

The bank also is required to have qualified management, including an appropriate
number of senior officers to operate the bank in a sound manner, as well as
appoint two new members to the bank's board of directors who are not connected
to the bank.

Security State Bank wrote off more than $16 million in uncollected loans in the
past two years, which includes about $14 million in commercial and industrial
loans.

In its December 2008 end-of-year report to the FDIC, Security State Bank showed
a pre-tax net operating loss of $11 million. Then in its September 2009 filing,
the bank had a net operating loss of $1 million for the year.

One of the bad loans was to Jim and Kathy Shafer of Greeley County, which helped
them purchase Sunbelt Grain, a small family elevator group with sites in Greeley
and Wallace counties. In December 2008, the bank foreclosed on the elevator
group claiming the Shafers were in default on a $4.9 million loan the couple
used to purchase the facilities in 2006.

The bank, along with two farmer creditors, then forced the group into
bankruptcy.

In a separate case filed Feb. 13, the bank alleged the Shafers and Shafer Farms
owed another $3.43 million that the couple borrowed between 2006 and 2007.

The action spurred discontent from several of the 33 farmers owed about $2
million for their 2007 crops that they deferred payment for to 2008. Meanwhile,
owners of Whitham Farms Feedyard also sought $2.2 million for 524,000 bushels of
grain it paid for in November 2007 but never received.

The bank was allowed assets from the sale of machinery, Sunbelt's elevators and
some of the land to offset the liabilities. However, that wasn't enough to cover
the bad loan, and the bank is still battling for more money. The bank claims it
should receive about $3.2 million of the $3.785 million netted from the sale of
Sunbelt's grain.

In August 2008, a bankruptcy court judge awarded the bank $1.1 million toward
its bill.

In a June 30 report, Bankrate.com -- an online bank rating service -- gave the
bank a 2-star rating, which is below its peer group.

The service found the bank's return on equity substantially below average, its
net interest margin in the mid-range, and its level of non-interest income below
normal. The service also noted a nonperforming asset ratio of 62 percent,
substantially higher than standard.

Bankrate.com's report showed the bank had about $98 million in loans, with
equity of roughly $16 million.

Like many banks, Security State Bank has shifted its portfolio in recent years.
In 2000, about 64 percent of its loans and leases were farm-related. Last year,
only 33 percent were farm-related. Real estate loans, however, have increased,
from 17 percent in 2000 to 42 percent in 2009.

Agriculture has been a bright spot for most bank lenders, according to Stones,
and Security didn't show it had uncollected debt regarding farming in 2009.

The News was unable to reach Bank President James Arnold.

Pilsen State Bank

The Marion County bank was ordered to hire a consultant to help analyze and
assess the bank's management performance and board of directors. Similar to
Scott City, the bank must raise capital, not pay dividends without prior
approval, reduce concentrations of credit and improve liquidity and funds
management.

Pilsen State Bank also must develop a written program to review loans, including
problem ones, as well as revise its loan policy.

The bank lost more than $600,000 in 2009, and charged-off more than $300,000.
Assets totaled $13.5 million. Liabilities totaled $12.5 million.

Bankrate.com gave the bank a one-star rating, stating nonperforming asset ratio
at substantially higher than standard. Balance sheet liquidity and return on
equity was rated as below normal, and net worth to total assets was sigfnicantly
below the norm.

Stones said since the recession started, only three Kansas banks have closed,
calling the number small compared to other states.

"In general, the majority of the banks are in good condition," Stones said.
"They are making money, but just the economy is making things difficult."

To see more of The Hutchinson News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.hutchnews.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Hutchinson News, Kan.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100304-VZ-Sanctioned-banks-feeling-recession-s-pull-0304

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VZ


                       Copyright 2010 The Hutchinson News


                             328 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      Kiowa County Press (Eads, Colorado)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 11, 2014

Increased Opportunity for Producers as Part of New Farm Bill

BYLINE: Kiowa County Press staff

LENGTH: 394  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced increased opportunity for producers
as a result of the 2014 Farm Bill. A fact sheet outlining modifications to the
U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Farm Service Agency (FSA) Farm Loan
Programs is available here http://www.usda.gov/documents/2014-farm
-bill-changes-to-fl p.pdf.

"Our nation's farmers and ranchers are the engine of the rural economy. These
improvements to our Farm Loan Programs will help a new generation begin farming
and grow existing farm operations," said Secretary Vilsack. "Today's
announcement represents just one part of a series of investments the new Farm
Bill makes in the next generation of agriculture, which is critical to economic
growth in communities across the country."

The Farm Bill expands lending opportunities for thousands of farmers and
ranchers to begin and continue operations, including greater flexibility in
determining eligibility, raising loan limits, and emphasizing beginning and
socially disadvantaged producers.

Changes that will take effect immediately include:

Elimination of loan term limits for guaranteed operating loans.

Modification of the definition of beginning farmer, using the average farm size
for the county as a qualifier instead of the median farm size.

Modification of the Joint Financing Direct Farm Ownership Interest Rate to 2
percent less than regular Direct Farm Ownership rate, with a floor of 2.5
percent. Previously, the rate was established at 5 percent.

Increase of the maximum loan amount for Direct Farm Ownership down payments from
$225,000 to $300,000.

Elimination of rural residency requirement for Youth Loans, allowing urban youth
to-benefit.

Debt forgiveness on Youth Loans, which will not prevent "borrowers from
obtaining additional loans from the federal government.

Increase of the guarantee amount on Conservation Loans from 75 to 80 percent and
90 percent for socially disadvantaged borrowers and beginning farmers.

Microloans will not count toward loan term limits for veterans and beginning
farmers.

Additional modifications must be implemented through the rulemaking processes.
Visit the FSA Farm Bill website http://fsa.usda.gov/FSA/fbapp
?area=home&subject=landin g&topic=landing&utmsourc e=spotlight&utmmedium=cl
ick&utmcontent=rotation 1 & u tmcampaign=2014farmbill for detailed information
and updates to farm loan programs.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KWA

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2014 Kiowa County Press


                             329 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2016 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 July 25, 2016

                            SANDALL PARK LEISURE LTD

                           C/O AST GREEN ACCOUNTANTS
                                1 TOP FARM COURT
                           TOP FARM COURT, TOP STREET
                                     BAWTRY
                               DONCASTER DN10 6TF


TRADE ADDRESS: 1 TOP FARM COURT TOP FARM COURT, TOP STREET, DONCASTER DN10 6TF

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 09274538

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: October 22, 2014
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mrs Joy Silcock, Manager


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Renting and operating of own or leased real estate
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68200

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: October 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: October 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  October 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Dormant
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  July 20, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  March 23, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  6,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/10/201         -         -
                                                   5
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    2         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 2         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       -         -         -
Other Current Assets                               -         -         -
Total Current Assets                               -         -         -
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                2         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                       2         -         -



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/10/201         -         -
                                                   5
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 2         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         -         -
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                  2         -         -
Called Up Share Capital                            2         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/10/201  -  -
                           5
                         GBP GB GB
                              P  P
Total Sales                -  -  -
Cost of Sales              -  -  -
Gross Profit               -  -  -
Operating Profit           -  -  -
Export                     -  -  -
Nontrading Income          -  -  -
Interest Payable           -  -  -
Pretax Profit              -  -  -
Taxation                   -  -  -
Profit After Tax           -  -  -
Dividends Payable          -  -  -
Retained Profits           -  -  -
Value Added                -  -  -
Capital Employed           2  -  -
Net Worth                  2  -  -
Working Capital            -  -  -
Emp. Renumeration          -  -  -
Dir. Renumeration          -  -  -
Audit Fees                 -  -  -
Non-audit Fees             -  -  -
Depreciation               -  -  -
Number of                  -  -  -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 59,273 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
70200 Letting of own property



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     3.03    11.52
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0     2.14     6.41
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0    21.62    61.19
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               4.38     7.69    30.85
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       12.15        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .08       .6     2.26
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            27,864.5 79,369.5 161,438.
                                                          1        9        4
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,800 23,120.3 39,861.1
                                                                   7        1
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    70,000 168,352.  404,200
                                                                   9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  29.98     15.9     8.02



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  3
=        0
Year -1  3
=        0
Year -2  -
=
Year -3  -
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                    1/10/201 --
                                                           5
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                       - --
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                                 - --
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                     - --
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                  - --
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                   - --
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                                   - --
Export / Sales (%)                                         - --
Working Capital / Sales (%)                                - --
Sales / Stocks                                             - --
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales ) x           - --
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                       - --
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                         - --
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                                 - --
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                          1 --
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                             - --
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                         - --
Current Liabilities / Stocks                               - --
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)          - --
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                          - --
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  - --
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                          - --
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                     - --
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   - --
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   - --
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                            - --
Value Added / Sales (%)                                    - --
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    - --
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                        - --
Sales / Audit Fees                                         - --
Total Assets / Audit Fees                                  - --
Creditors / Debtors                                        - --
Total Debt / Working Capital                               - --
Total Debt / Total Assets                                  - --

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2017


                             330 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2016 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               December 18, 2016

                        MANOR FARM ORGANIC MILK LIMITED

                               THE MENDIP CENTRE
                                    RHODYATE
                                    BLAGDON
                               DORCHESTER DT2 7AQ


TRADE ADDRESS: Manor Farm Godmanstone, DORCHESTER DT2 7AQ

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 03687687

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: December 23, 1998
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  HOLT FARMS LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  HOLT FARMS LIMITED

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Timothy William Tripp Mead, Farmer
     ·    Mr Garth Anthony Clark, Director


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    MrGarth AnthonyClark


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Liquid milk and cream production
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
10511

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: September 30, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: September 30

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  September 30, 2015
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Dormant
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  June 24, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  December 5, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  36,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           30/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                  77,563    77,563    77,563
Other Current Assets                          77,563    77,563    77,563
Total Current Assets                          77,563    77,563    77,563
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                  77,563    77,563    77,563



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           30/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 2         2         2
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                 77,561    77,561    77,561
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                             77,563    77,563    77,563
Called Up Share Capital                            2         2         2
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   30/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed      77,563    77,563    77,563
Net Worth             77,563    77,563    77,563
Working Capital       77,563    77,563    77,563
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0      0      0
Current Assets          0      0      0
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      0      0
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 80 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
15511 Liquid milk and cream production



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   1.67     9.82    23.88
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                        .91     4.39     7.64
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                               .32     1.45     2.78
Sales / Total Assets (%)                             183.01   294.57   403.52
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       43.38    30.82    22.69
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .73      1.2     1.77
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            26,630.0 35,861.1 42,420.4
                                                          1        2        7
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  20,045.3 22,668.0 32,105.6
                                                          5        9        6
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  199,519. 280,909.  381,000
                                                          2        4
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  12.04     9.33     5.51



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  9
=        3
Year -1  9
=        0
Year -2  6
=        5
Year -3  4
=        0

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                0/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      1         1         1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Holt Farms Ltd

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2017


                             331 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

             Copyright 2017 Thomson Financial, All Rights Reserved
                            Reuters Knowledge Direct

                                 March 27, 2017

                                  Agribank FCB

                              30 7th St E Ste 1600
                           SAINT PAUL,  MN 55101-4970
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: Main Phone: 1-651-2828800
URL: Home Page: http://info.agribank.com/
E-MAIL: AGRIBANKMN@agribank.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
LEGAL STATUS: Private
OPERATING STATUS: Active

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   AgriBank, FCB (AgriBank) is engaged in providing financing and related
services to qualified borrowers for agricultural and rural purposes. The Bank
supports approximately 20 farm credit associations that provide loans and
financial services to farmers, ranchers, and rural businesses and homeowners.
AgriBank is part of the Farm Credit System (the System), which is a network of
borrower-owned lending institutions and specialized service organizations.

   The Bank has ownership interests in various service organizations: Federal
Farm Credit Banks Funding Corporation (the Funding Corporation), Farm Credit
Services Building Association, Farm Credit System Association Captive Insurance
Company and Farm Credit Foundations (Foundations). Federal Farm Credit Banks
Funding Corporation provides for the issuance, marketing and processing of
System-wide debt securities using a network of investment dealers and dealer
banks, and financial management and reporting services. Farm Credit Services
Building Association owns and leases premises and equipment to the System's
regulator, the Farm Credit Administration (FCA). Farm Credit System Association
Captive Insurance Company provides corporate insurance coverage to member
organizations. Farm Credit Foundations (Foundations) provides benefits and
payroll services to AgriBank and affiliated Associations, as well as certain
other System entities. The Bank also funds affiliated Association lending
through the direct purchase of participations in retail loans from Associations.
In addition to providing loan funds to affiliated Associations, the Bank
provides additional services to the Associations, including financial and retail
systems, support and reporting, technology services, insurance services and
internal audit services.

   Lending Activities

   The Bank offers various loans, which include wholesale loans, real estate
mortgage loans, production and intermediate term loans, agribusiness, loans to
other financing institutions (OFIs) and other loans. Its retail portfolio
includes loan participations primarily purchased from affiliated Associations in
support of their portfolio management, generally related to affiliated
Associations' borrower concentration limits. The Bank's total net loans amount
to approximately $82.8 billion.

   Investment Activities

   The Bank's investment securities are classified as available-for-sale. Its
available-for-sale securities include mortgage-backed securities, such as
government collateralized mortgage obligations and agency collateralized
mortgage obligations; the United States treasury securities, and asset-backed
securities, such as automobile, equipment, home equity and student loans. The
Bank's total available-for-sale securities amount to approximately $14.26
billion.

   Sources of Funds

   The Bank uses short-term borrowings as a source of funds. The System obtains
funds for its lending operations primarily from the sale of System-wide debt
securities issued by the System Banks through the Funding Corporation.

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRIMARY NAICS:
522298 - All Other Non-Depository Credit Intermediation
SECONDARY NAICS:
52219 - Other Depository Credit Intermediation
PRIMARY SIC:
6159 - Misc Business Credit Institutions
SECONDARY SIC:
6022 - State Commercial Banks
COMPETITORS:

     ·    Intesa Sanpaolo SpA
     ·    Commerzbank AG
     ·    Bankinter SA
     ·    CIT Group Inc.
     ·    TCF Financial Corporation


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2014

MOST RECENT EXCHANGE RATE:  1.0
CHART OF ACCOUNTS:  Bank
ACCOUNTING STANDARD:  U.S. GAAP
LATEST AVAILABLE ANNUAL:  20170327

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2014      12/31/2013      12/31/2012
Cash & Due from Banks                  831,269       1,162,636         560,753
FedFundsSold/ScrtyPurch              1,358,798         915,898         744,548
UnderResaleAgrmt
Securities Held                     16,042,734      13,523,532      13,262,579
Total Investment Securities         16,042,734      13,523,532      13,262,579
Other Earning Assets, Total         17,401,532      14,439,430      14,007,127
Total Gross Loans                   88,498,435      82,770,309      77,089,134
Loan Loss Allowances                 (248,081)       (236,312)       (262,930)
Net Loans                           88,250,354      82,533,997      76,826,204
Property/Plant/Equipment,              451,030         408,690         360,464
Total - Net
Defered Income Tax - Long Term          14,393          15,023          10,919
Asset
Other Long Term Assets, Total           14,393          15,023          10,919
Interest Receivable                    892,214         824,289         793,344
Other Assets                           779,726         945,392         949,868
Other Assets, Total                  1,671,940       1,769,681       1,743,212
Total Assets                       108,620,518     100,329,457      93,508,679



LIABILITIES ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2014      12/31/2013      12/31/2012
Accounts Payable                       661,139         595,010         529,277
Long Term Debt                      89,183,553      82,489,124      77,735,855
Total Long Term Debt                89,183,553      82,489,124      77,735,855
Total Debt                          89,183,553      82,489,124      77,735,855
Deferred Income Tax - LT               153,286         159,586         145,221
Liability
Deferred Income Tax                    153,286         159,586         145,221
Minority Interest                       42,616          34,864          22,082
Pension Benefits - Underfunded         486,628         310,576         499,503
Other Liabilities                      286,830         261,139         270,360
Other Liabilities, Total               773,458         571,715         769,863
Total Liabilities                   90,814,052      83,850,299      79,202,298



EQUITY ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2014      12/31/2013      12/31/2012
Common Stock                           266,420         265,473         262,123
Common Stock, Total                    266,420         265,473         262,123
Retained Earnings (Accumulated      17,739,751      16,178,235      14,627,582
Deficit)
Other Comprehensive Income           (549,705)       (314,550)       (583,324)
Other Equity, Total                  (549,705)       (314,550)       (583,324)
Total Equity                        17,806,466      16,479,158      14,306,381
Total Liabilities &                108,620,518     100,329,457      93,508,679
Shareholders' Equity



FOOTNOTE
                                    12/31/2014      12/31/2013      12/31/2012
Other Property/Plant/Equipment         451,030         408,690         360,464
- Net
Non-Curr Derivative Liab.               44,562             181          18,345
Hedging, Suppl



RATIOS
                                    12/31/2014      12/31/2013      12/31/2012
Tangible Book Value, Common         17,456,466      16,129,158      14,306,381
Equity('000 USD)
Tangible Book Value per Share,          17,456          16,129          14,306
Common Eq (USD)

* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2014      12/31/2013      12/31/2012
Interest & Fees on Loans             3,395,368       3,205,350       3,093,608
Interest & Dividends on                124,680         134,817         149,670
Investment Secs.
Interest Income, Bank                3,520,048       3,340,167       3,243,278
Interest on Other Borrowings           889,255         827,880         931,824
Total Interest Expense                 889,255         827,880         931,824
Net Interest Income                  2,630,793       2,512,287       2,311,454
Loan Loss Provision                     25,399        (28,537)          33,907
Net Interest Inc. After Loan         2,605,394       2,540,824       2,277,547
Loss Prov.
Fees & Commissions from                218,408         229,925         197,385
Operations
Insurance Commissions, Fees &         (89,704)        (69,658)          46,845
Premiums
Other Revenue                          178,257         114,104          85,291
Non-Interest Income, Bank              306,961         274,371         329,521
Labor & Related Expenses             (653,221)       (626,539)       (537,781)
Other Unusual Expense                    (150)         (5,834)        (26,316)
Other Expense                        (324,967)       (302,287)       (284,466)
Non-Interest Expense, Bank           (978,338)       (934,660)       (848,563)
Net Income Before Taxes              1,934,017       1,880,535       1,758,505
Provision for Income Taxes              45,627          50,145          39,116
Net Income After Taxes               1,888,390       1,830,390       1,719,389
Net Income Before Extra. Items       1,888,390       1,830,390       1,719,389
Income Available to Com Excl         1,888,390       1,830,390       1,719,389
ExtraOrd



EXTRAORDINARY ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2014      12/31/2013      12/31/2012
Net Income                           1,888,390       1,830,390       1,719,389
Income Available to Com Incl         1,888,390       1,830,390       1,719,389
ExtraOrd



NORMALIZED ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2014      12/31/2013      12/31/2012
Total Special Items                        150           5,834          26,316
Normalized Income Before Taxes       1,934,167       1,886,369       1,784,821
Effect of Special Items on                   4             156             585
Income Taxes
Inc Tax Ex Impact of Sp Items           45,631          50,301          39,701
Normalized Income After Taxes        1,888,536       1,836,068       1,745,120
Normalized Inc. Avail to Com.        1,888,536       1,836,068       1,745,120



RATIOS
                                    12/31/2014      12/31/2013      12/31/2012
Pretax Margin                               55              56              54
Effective Tax Rate                           2               3               2
Net Profit Margin                           54              55              53



SUPPLEMENTAL ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2014      12/31/2013      12/31/2012
Diluted Net Income                       1,888           1,830           1,719



FOOTNOTE
                                    12/31/2014      12/31/2013      12/31/2012
Depreciation, Supplemental              38,905          36,911          35,249

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2014      12/31/2013      12/31/2012
Net Income/Starting Line             1,888,390       1,830,390       1,719,389
Depreciation                            38,905          36,911          35,249
Depreciation/Depletion                  38,905          36,911          35,249
Discontinued Operations                101,360          96,672          81,607
Unusual Items                         (33,236)          10,946          39,258
Non-Cash Items                          68,124         107,618         120,865
Loan Loss Provision                     25,399        (28,537)          33,907
Other Assets                          (95,654)        (26,887)          45,491
Other Liabilities                       24,885          62,528            (91)
Other Operating Cash Flow               34,414          45,934          42,617
Changes in Working Capital            (10,956)          53,038         121,924
Cash from Operating Activities       1,984,463       2,027,957       1,997,427
Purchase of Fixed Assets             (129,930)       (281,094)       (205,858)
Capital Expenditures                 (129,930)       (281,094)       (205,858)
Investment, Net                    (2,660,458)       (330,760)     (1,300,897)
Loans                              (5,755,976)     (5,704,849)     (8,821,321)
Other Investing Cash Flow              104,427         117,172         111,134
Other Investing Cash Flow          (8,173,191)     (5,918,437)    (10,011,084)
Items, Total
Cash from Investing Activities     (8,303,121)     (6,199,531)    (10,216,942)
Other Financing Cash Flow             (55,261)        (14,649)       (107,671)
Financing Cash Flow Items             (55,261)        (14,649)       (107,671)
Cash Dividends Paid - Common         (244,023)       (210,700)       (204,830)
Total Cash Dividends Paid            (266,339)       (213,831)       (204,830)
Common Stock, Net                          531           2,532           5,877
Issuance (Retirement) of                   483         344,976           5,877
Stock, Net
Long Term Debt Issued              230,571,312     240,287,259     254,777,482
Long Term Debt Reduction         (223,837,768)   (235,463,202)   (245,832,880)
Long Term Debt, Net                  6,733,544       4,824,057       8,944,602
Issuance (Retirement) of Debt,       6,733,544       4,824,057       8,944,602
Net
Cash from Financing Activities       6,412,427       4,940,553       8,637,978
Net Change in Cash                      93,769         768,979         418,463
Net Cash - Beginning Balance         2,074,280       1,305,301         886,838
Net Cash - Ending Balance            2,168,049       2,074,280       1,305,301

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
SECURITY TYPE: Ordinary Shares
EXCHANGE: Not Available
TOTAL SHARES OUTSTANDING: 0
LISTING TYPE:  Ordinary Shares

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2017


                             332 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                January 28, 2017

                              MALTAS FARMS LIMITED

                                   GLEBE FARM
                                  HILSTON ROAD
                                      ROOS
                                 HULL HU12 0JB


TRADE ADDRESS: Glebe Farm, Hilston Road, Roos, HULL HU12 0JB

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01964670261

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 00830870

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: December 11, 1964
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  MALTAS FARMS HOLDINGS LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  MALTAS FARMS HOLDINGS LIMITED

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Martyn Edward Maltas, Farmer
     ·    Mrs Angela Louise Maltas, Freelance Farm Secretary


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    Martyn EdwardMaltas, Farmer


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Mixed farming
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
01500 - Hunting, trapping and game propagation including related service
activities
01410 - Agricultural service activities

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: January 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: January 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  January 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  October 19, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  July 19, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  54,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/01/201 31/01/201 31/01/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            1,171,132 1,220,212 1,276,805
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                         1,171,132 1,220,212 1,276,805
Stocks                                       104,085   757,607   842,087
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                       1,120,179         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                  57,365    61,881    81,107
Other Current Assets                       1,177,544    61,881    81,107
Total Current Assets                       1,281,629   819,488   923,194
Fixed Assets                               1,171,132 1,220,212 1,276,805
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               2,452,761 2,039,700 2,199,999



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/01/201 31/01/201 31/01/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities          1,154,162   275,123   364,612
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                  1,154,162   275,123   364,612
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                  106,618 1,604,816 1,632,506
Total Current Liabilities                  1,154,162   275,123   364,612
Total Long Term Liabilities                  106,618 1,604,816 1,632,506
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          1,260,780 1,879,939 1,997,118
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry            30,000    30,000    30,000
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve              1,161,981   129,761   172,881
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                          1,191,981   159,761   202,881
Called Up Share Capital                       26,075    26,075    26,075
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)             3,925     3,925     3,925
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 1,298,599 1,764,577 1,835,387


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/01/201 31/01/201 31/01/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed   1,298,599 1,764,577 1,835,387
Net Worth          1,191,981   159,761   202,881
Working Capital      127,467   544,365   558,582
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets        20.25  11.49   7.75
Current Assets      56.39  38.83  26.13
Current            319.51 216.55 148.73
Liabilities
Capital Employed   -26.41 -29.25 -28.35
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 3,013 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
01300 Growing of crops combined with farming of
animals (mixed farming)



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -.98     3.01    12.04
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -.94     2.22     8.47
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -2.08     7.69    21.35
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               8.93    31.41    73.33
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        28.3        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                     .5     1.12     2.98
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -        -        -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  16,517.8 22,101.1 26,218.1
                                                          6        9        4
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  36,428.5 86,421.8 193,261.
                                                          7        8        9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  34.43    19.81    13.56



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  5
=        7
Year -1  7
=        1
Year -2  9
=        9
Year -3  9
=        9

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/01/201 31/01/201 31/01/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.11      2.98      2.53
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  1.02      0.22      0.22
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.49      0.08      0.09
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                       11.09      0.36      0.43
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 1,298,599

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Smailes Goldie

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2017


                             333 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                February 7, 2017

                           KEN TALLIS PROPERTIES LTD

                               33 MOAT FARM LANE
                                 MOAT FARM LANE
                                   BISHAMPTON
                               PERSHORE WR10 2NJ


TRADE ADDRESS: 33 Moat Farm Lane Moat Farm Lane, PERSHORE WR10 2NJ

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01386554349

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 09534901

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: April 10, 2015
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Ken Tallis, Director
     ·    Natalie Tallis-dykes, Director


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Renting and operating of own or leased real estate
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68200

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  December 15, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  April 10, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  GUARANTEE

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201         -         -
                                                   6
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                              366,051         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                           366,051         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                           3,663         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                  10,871         -         -
Other Current Assets                          14,534         -         -
Total Current Assets                          14,534         -         -
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                          366,051         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 380,585         -         -



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201         -         -
                                                   6
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            151,850         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                    151,850         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                              145,120         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                          145,120         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                   77,868         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                    151,850         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                  222,988         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                            374,838         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry               100         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                  5,647         -         -
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                              5,747         -         -
Called Up Share Capital                          100         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                   228,735         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201  -  -
                           6
                         GBP GB GB
                              P  P
Total Sales                -  -  -
Cost of Sales              -  -  -
Gross Profit               -  -  -
Operating Profit           -  -  -
Export                     -  -  -
Nontrading Income          -  -  -
Interest Payable           -  -  -
Pretax Profit              -  -  -
Taxation                   -  -  -
Profit After Tax           -  -  -
Dividends Payable          -  -  -
Retained Profits           -  -  -
Value Added                -  -  -
Capital Employed     228,735  -  -
Net Worth              5,747  -  -
Working Capital      -137316  -  -
Emp. Renumeration          -  -  -
Dir. Renumeration          -  -  -
Audit Fees                 -  -  -
Non-audit Fees             -  -  -
Depreciation               -  -  -
Number of                  -  -  -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 59,273 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
70200 Letting of own property



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     3.03    11.52
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0     2.14     6.41
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0    21.62    61.19
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               4.38     7.69    30.85
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       12.15        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .08       .6     2.26
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            27,864.5 79,369.5 161,438.
                                                          1        9        4
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,800 23,120.3 39,861.1
                                                                   7        1
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    70,000 168,352.  404,200
                                                                   9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  29.98     15.9     8.02



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  3
=
Year -1  -
=
Year -2  -
=
Year -3  -
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                    1/03/201 --
                                                           6
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                       - --
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                                 - --
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                     - --
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                  - --
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                   - --
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                                   - --
Export / Sales (%)                                         - --
Working Capital / Sales (%)                                - --
Sales / Stocks                                             - --
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales ) x           - --
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                     0.1 --
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                       0.1 --
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                          2,525.14 --
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                       0.02 --
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                      2,525.14 --
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                         - --
Current Liabilities / Stocks                               - --
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)          - --
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                          - --
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  - --
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                          - --
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                     - --
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   - --
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   - --
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                            - --
Value Added / Sales (%)                                    - --
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    - --
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                        - --
Sales / Audit Fees                                         - --
Total Assets / Audit Fees                                  - --
Creditors / Debtors                                        - --
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -1.06 --
Total Debt / Total Assets                               0.38 --

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 228,735

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Haines Watts Worcester Ltd

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2017


                             334 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                January 23, 2017

                         SILLFIELD FARM MARKETS LIMITED

                                 SILLFIELD FARM
                                    EMDMOOR
                                     KENDAL
                                 KENDAL LA8 0HZ


TRADE ADDRESS: Sillfield Farm Emdmoor, KENDAL LA8 0HZ

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01539567609

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 05324820

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: January 5, 2005
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  SILLFIELD FARM PRODUCTS LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  SILLFIELD FARM PRODUCTS LIMITED

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Peter Matthew Gott, Farmer


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    Julie MargaretAskew


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Other business support service activities n.e.c.
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
82990

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: January 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: January 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  January 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  September 14, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  January 5, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  22,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/01/201 31/01/201 31/01/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                             100       100       100
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         0         0
Other Current Assets                             100       100       100
Total Current Assets                             100       100       100
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                     100       100       100



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/01/201 31/01/201 31/01/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry               100       100       100
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                100       100       100
Called Up Share Capital                          100       100       100
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/01/201 31/01/201 31/01/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed         100       100       100
Net Worth                100       100       100
Working Capital          100       100       100
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0      0      0
Current Assets          0      0      0
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      0      0
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 178,145 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
74849 Other business activities not elsewhere classified



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     9.23    54.84
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0      1.9    32.63
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0      .98    27.13
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              50.95   143.84   367.16
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       26.26        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .79     1.13     2.24
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            28,637.6 53,888.3 72,276.9
                                                          7        2
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  16,835.7 26,753.2 39,868.1
                                                          2        1        3
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  31,518.2 84,193.5 186,740.
                                                          9        5        9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  47.63    27.94    18.75



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  8
=        9
Year -1  8
=        9
Year -2  7
=        5
Year -3  5
=        6

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/01/201 31/01/201 31/01/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      1         1         1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Orwin Oliver

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2017


                             335 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


              St. Charles County Business Record (St. Charles, MO)

                           November 29, 2005 Tuesday

Farm Credit helps customers get back to land in St. Charles County

BYLINE: Robin Seaton Jefferson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 498  words


With so much farm land quickly being transformed to subdivisions in St. Charles
County, farming may appear to be taking a back seat to progress. Not so, said
Randy Beckemeier, branch manager for Farm Credit Services.

The farming industry is doing quite well, at least in the counties Farm Credit
Services serves, he said. "Many times when you have production agriculture near
a major metropolitan area, it may give the appearance of dwindling; however, it
is still a live, strong and viable industry in rural areas."

And in order to better serve its customer base, Farm Credit Services will move
Dec. 1 from 4 Westbury Drive in St. Charles to a new 5,000-square-foot office at
1051 Peruque Crossing Court in O'Fallon. The farmer-owned credit cooperative has
been a financial presence for the food and fiber farming industry in St. Charles
County for more than 70 years.

Farm Credit Services has more than 900 customers in St. Louis, St. Charles,
Warren and Lincoln counties with more than $85 million in loan volume.

"Farm Credit Services was created by the Farm Credit Act of 1917 enacted by
Congress," Beckemeier said. "It's basically a cooperative for farmers created to
lend money to farmers for land purchase, equipment and operating funds."

Its ties to the federal government have considerably loosened, Beckemeier said.
The bank no longer relies on government support as it once did many years ago.
It is primarily self-capitalized by its stockholders, he said. The bank was
chartered to help farmers with equitable and competitive interest rates, but
those rates are not necessarily lower than typical lending rates, Beckemeier
said. Farm Credit works with what is considered "nonconforming properties," and
the interest rates are sometimes slightly higher than regular loans.

In addition to the full-time soybean and grain farmers, Farm Credit Services
loans money to individuals who want to "get back to the land," Beckemeier said.
He described those customers as city folks who may have grown up on a farm or
just want to purchase a tract of land to build on later. Farm Credit works with
people who want to purchase land for recreational purposes and vacation homes,
property for hunting, nurseries, wineries and live stock.

"That is a fast-growing part of our customer base, those people who have a
desire to get back to the land," he said.

Farm Credit Services provides financial services and loans for farm real estate,
rural homes, investment properties, lots and acreages, operating expenses,
equipment, machinery and livestock. The cooperative also offers risk management
programs, farm appraisals, leases and credit or term life insurance.

Farm Credit Services of Missouri has 29 branches located throughout the state
and is a member of the Farm Credit System. The system is a nationwide network of
cooperative lending institutions. With 90 years of agricultural lending
experience, the Farm Credit System is the largest single provider of
agricultural credit in the United States.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             336 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Indian Banking News

                       July 8, 2015 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Fitch Affirms Deutsche Bank Securities's COMM 2014-UBS4 Mortgage Trust Comm'l
Pass-Through Ctfs

LENGTH: 924  words


July 8 -- Fitch Ratings has affirmed 11 classes of Deutsche Bank Securities,
Inc's COMM 2014-UBS4 commercial mortgage pass-through certificates. A full list
of rating actions follows at the end of this press release.

KEY RATING DRIVERS

The affirmations are based on the stable performance of the underlying
collateral pool since issuance. There are no loans in special servicing, but
seven loans representing 12% of the current pool balance have been placed on the
servicer's watchlist.

As of the June 2015 remittance, the pool has experienced 0.6% of collateral
reduction since issuance. No loans are defeased.

State Farm Portfolio is the largest loan in the pool, representing 10% of the
current pool balance. The portfolio comprises 14 suburban office properties
spread across 11 cities in 11 states. All of the properties are 100% leased to
State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company (State Farm) and act as regional
operations headquarters. Leases on approximately 92.4% of the portfolio net
rentable area (NRA) extend to 2028. Fitch does not maintain a rating on State
Farm; however, the agency's opinion of the tenant's overall trend, market
position and capital were Steady, according to an Unrated Issuer Report
published in January 2015. None of the leases were structured with termination
options. The trust loan is a pari-passu piece of a $383.5 million whole loan,
which, in addition to $86 million of mezzanine debt and $76.7 million of sponsor
equity, was used to acquire the portfolio.

The second largest loan, 597 Fifth Avenue, is on the servicer's watchlist for
vacancy issues. The collateral consists of two adjacent pre-war buildings
totalling 80,032 sf of retail and office space. 597 Fitch Avenue makes up the
majority of the collateral space, and the adjacent 3 East 48th Street also
provides ground floor retail and office space to the loan collateral. At
issuance, the property was 47.4% occupied, with all of the property's vacancy
represented by office space. An April 2015 rent roll indicates the borrower has
been able to sign one new lease and is building out space for another incoming
tenant, increasing the occupancy to 53.6%; however, all remaining leases are
scheduled to roll in 2015 and 2016. The largest tenant, Sephora (15.3% of the
NRA) operates its flagship store from the subject property, and leases the
ground floor retail space with Fifth Avenue frontage through June 2016. The loan
is interest-only for the full term and was structured with an upfront reserve of
$1.2 million to meet interest shortfalls and act as additional collateral for
the loan. As of the June 2015 remittance, the interest shortfall reserve had a
remaining balance of $1.2 million, and there was an additional $80,052 available
for tenant rollover costs. The borrower cashed out $23.8 million at closing.

The third largest loan is secured by the Refinery Hotel, a 197-key full-service
boutique hotel in the Midtown West neighborhood of New York City. The building
had previously operated as a hat factory, and underwent a full gut renovation
prior to opening under its current name in May 2013. Given the property's
limited operating history, it is difficult to gauge the subject's performance in
relation to other unflagged hotels in the Fashion District; however, according
to a YE2014 operating statement analysis report, the December 2014 occupancy
rate was 90.7% and the ADR and RevPAR were reported to be $348.03 and $315.70,
respectively. The loan refinanced prior debt and returned approximately $23.8
million to the sponsor.

RATING SENSITIVITIES

All classes maintain Stable Outlooks. Due to the recent issuance of the
transaction and stable performance of the underlying collateral, Fitch does not
expect positive or negative ratings migration unless material economic or
asset-level changes to the pool metrics warrant such changes.

DUE DILIGENCE USAGE

No third party due diligence was provided or reviewed in relation to this rating
action.

Fitch has affirmed the following ratings:

* $45.6 million class A-1 at 'AAAsf', Outlook Stable;

* $143.2 million class A-2 at 'AAAsf', Outlook Stable;

* $80.3 million class A-SB at 'AAAsf', Outlook Stable;

* $21.2 million class A-3 at 'AAAsf', Outlook Stable;

* $250 million class A-4 at 'AAAsf', Outlook Stable;

* $353.7 million class A-5 at 'AAAsf', Outlook Stable;

* $93.4 million class A-M at 'AAAsf', Outlook Stable;

* 987.4 million class X-A at 'AAAsf', Outlook Stable;

* $58 million class B at 'AA-sf', Outlook Stable;

* $206.1 million class PEZ at 'A-sf', Outlook Stable;

* $54.7 million class C at 'A-sf', Outlook Stable.

The class A-M, B and C certificates may be exchanged for class PEZ certificates,
and vice versa. Fitch does not rate the interest-only class X-B, X-C or X-D
certificates or the class D, E, F or G certificates.

Additional information is available at www.fitchratings.com.

Applicable Criteria

Global Structured Finance Rating Criteria (pub. 06 Jul 2015)

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=867952

U.S. Fixed-Rate Multiborrower CMBS Surveillance and Re-REMIC Criteria (pub. 10
Dec 2014)

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=812608

Additional Disclosures

Dodd-Frank Rating Information Disclosure Form

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/press_releases/content/ridf_frame.cfm?pr
_id=987632

Solicitation Status

https://www.fitchratings.com/gws/en/disclosure/solicitation?pr_id=987632

Endorsement Policy

https://www.fitchratings.com/jsp/creditdesk/PolicyRegulation.faces?context=2&det
ail;=31

Source: Fitch Ratings

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             337 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     April 15, 1986, Tuesday, Final Edition

Farm Agency Chief Threatens to Cut Funds to States;
FmHA Directors Told to 'Cease and Desist' Loans to Farmers Unable to Meet
Stricter Rules

BYLINE: By Ward Sinclair, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A3

LENGTH: 709 words


The head of the Farmers Home Administration (FmHA), "greatly disturbed" that
some farmers have received spring planting loans in violation of strict new
rules, has threatened to cut off loan money to states that ignore the new
federal policy.

The tougher policy, adopted by the Reagan administration last winter, could mean
that tens of thousands of FmHA clients who cannot get credit elsewhere will be
forced out of farming this year for lack of funds to see them through the
planting season.

In a message sent last week to all state FmHA directors, administrator Vance L.
Clark ordered them to "cease and desist" from authorizing operating loans for
farmers who cannot meet the agency's tighter loan guidelines.

Clark also warned that state directors who did not abide by his order would
force him "to share with your members of Congress the reason that their state
will no longer be allowed further direct loan funds."

In an interview yesterday, Clark said he would have "no alternative" but to cut
off funds to states that continue to follow the previous, less restrictive
lending policies. "I haven't had to do that yet," he said, "and we are in pretty
good shape -- 75 percent of our loan money is out now, but we're hanging in."
Clark's letter said FmHA review teams found that in six of 10 states, loans were
being granted in violation of a new rule requiring that a farmer be able to
repay all his outstanding debt -- not just his current loan debt -- from his
1986 crop income before he can receive help from FmHA.

Until the agency abruptly changed course last winter, its "continuation" policy
allowed operating loans to any farmer who could show a reasonable chance of
repaying his debt to the government, irrespective of any other debt he might
have owed.

FmHA holds about 12 percent of the nation's farm debt, with loans to more than
230,000 farmers, most of whom cannot obtain credit elsewhere. Farm leaders have
argued that FmHA should continue its policy of leniency to help cushion
hard-pressed farmers from the impact of new farm legislation that is aimed at
cutting commodity prices to make U.S. exports more competitive.

In the interview, Clark identified the six states as Alabama, Georgia, Illinois,
Minnesota, Missouri and South Dakota -- all states where the farm debt crisis
generally is acknowledged to be acute because of low prices, falling land values
and high interest rates.

"I am not convinced that those were valid, because we work from a lot of
computer data," Clark said. "We're double checking -- it's not that widespread.
But I wanted to get their attention and it apparently worked."

But, he added, the new policy was dictated by a need to "tighten it down" on
farmers who continue to take on additional debt that they may not be able to
repay. "It keeps compounding and compounding," Clark said. "It doesn't help that
farmer to continue him on that course."

"We in no way can continue to book loans through our direct insured funds for
borrowers who just will not make it," the FmHA chief's letter said.

Clark complained yesterday, and at a House Agriculture credit subcommittee
hearing last week, that the new FmHA loan policy is being undermined by
"old-timers" in the agency "who don't believe in the policy . . . . It's damned
hard for them to say 'no' to a farmer. It's much easier to say 'yes.' "

Clark also agreed with a suggestion by Rep. Cooper Evans (R-Iowa) that Congress
should create a special FmHA outpost in Nome, Alaska, where recalcitrant agency
employes could be exiled for ignoring the new loan policy.

At the hearing, Clark singled out South Dakota and Missouri as states where at
least 20 percent of the FmHA cases did not "cash-flow" -- meaning that projected
income was insufficient to repay the farmer's debt. He also blamed commercial
bankers for keeping farm-loan interest rates high and for refusing to take part
in a loan guarantee program run by FmHA.

"Your state is one of the worst for high interest rates," Clark, a former Bank
of America executive, told Rep. Thomas A. Daschle (D-S.D.). "Your bankers don't
want to give up 2 percent . . . . Something terrible is happening in that state.
To me, it's unconscionable. They're turning their backs on the farmers."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1986 The Washington Post


                             338 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2016 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               December 30, 2016

                            S.G. SPRY FARMS LIMITED

                                LINTZ HALL FARM
                                  BURNOPFIELD
                              NEWCASTLE UPON TYNE
                          NEWCASTLE-UPON-TYNE NE16 6AS


TRADE ADDRESS: Lintz Hall Farm Burnopfield, NEWCASTLE-UPON-TYNE NE16 6AS

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 06006785

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: November 22, 2006
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  LINTZ HALL FARM LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  LINTZ HALL FARM LIMITED

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Richard Tulip, Director


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Raising of poultry
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
01470

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: February 28, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: February 28

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  February 28, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  November 30, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  November 22, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  20,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           28/02/201 28/02/201 28/02/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       -         -         -
Other Current Assets                               -         -         -
Total Current Assets                               -         -         -
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                       0         0         0



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           28/02/201 28/02/201 28/02/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry               100       100       100
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                   -100      -100      -100
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital                          100       100       100
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   28/02/201 28/02/201 28/02/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed           0         0         0
Net Worth                  0         0         0
Working Capital            -         -         -
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0      0      0
Current Assets          -      -      -
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      0      0
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 779 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
01240 Farming of poultry



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   8.24    23.23    34.29
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                        5.7    14.33       24
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                               .33      .46     3.83
Sales / Total Assets (%)                             145.33   501.86    6,090
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       31.29        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .47      .99        2
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            33,913.5 47,402.1 65,866.0
                                                          4        7        4
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    19,120 23,810.8 26,578.9
                                                                   1        5
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  139,107. 256,305. 551,449.
                                                          1        5        9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  15.55      9.1     5.02



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  8
=        7
Year -1  4
=        9
Year -2  8
=        7
Year -3  8
=        2

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                8/02/201 28/02/201 28/02/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      -         -         -
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 0         0         0
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               0         0         0
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              0         0         0
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2017


                             339 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2016 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                               November 21, 2016

                              KEDZLIE FARM LIMITED

                                  KEDZLIE FARM
                                     HOUSE
                             KEDZLIE FARM BLAINSIE
                               GALASHIELS TD1 2PJ


TRADE ADDRESS: Kedzlie Farm House Kedzlie Farm Blainsie, GALASHIELS TD1 2PJ

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: SC410577

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: November 3, 2011
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Miss Robyn Lauren Savry, Director
     ·    Josephine Danielle Savry, Director
     ·    Mr Leo Jack Savry, Director


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Mixed farming
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
01500 - Hunting, trapping and game propagation including related service
activities

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  September 30, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  November 3, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  81,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            3,924,500 3,808,767 3,607,819
Intangible Assets                             32,000    64,000    96,000
Total Fixed Assets                         3,956,500 3,872,767 3,703,819
Stocks                                     1,275,492 1,323,680 1,104,388
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                          10,152    13,769     3,091
Miscellaneous Current Assets                 293,587   186,879   138,850
Other Current Assets                         303,739   200,648   141,941
Total Current Assets                       1,579,231 1,524,328 1,246,329
Fixed Assets                               3,769,469 3,653,736 3,449,179
Intermediate Assets                          155,031   155,031   158,640
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               5,535,731 5,397,095 4,950,148



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            798,177   768,932   697,456
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                    798,177   768,932   697,456
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                              650,000 1,796,666 1,943,333
Long Term Bank Loan                          650,000 1,796,666 1,943,333
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                3,449,373 2,084,146 1,799,099
Total Current Liabilities                    798,177   768,932   697,456
Total Long Term Liabilities                4,099,373 3,880,812 3,742,432
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          4,897,550 4,649,744 4,439,888
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 3         3         3
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                638,178   747,348   510,257
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                            638,181   747,351   510,260
Called Up Share Capital                            3         3         3
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 4,737,554 4,628,163 4,252,692


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed   4,737,554 4,628,163 4,252,692
Net Worth            606,181   683,351   414,260
Working Capital      781,054   755,396   548,873
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets         2.57  11.83  30.94
Current Assets        3.6  26.71  90.53
Current               3.8  14.44  28.96
Liabilities
Capital Employed     2.36   11.4  31.28
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 3,013 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
01300 Growing of crops combined with farming of
animals (mixed farming)



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -.98     3.01    12.04
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -.94     2.22     8.47
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -2.08     7.69    21.35
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               8.93    31.41    73.33
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        28.3        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                     .5     1.12     2.98
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -        -        -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  16,517.8 22,101.1 26,218.1
                                                          6        9        4
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  36,428.5 86,421.8 193,261.
                                                          7        8        9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  34.43    19.81    13.56



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  5
=        5
Year -1  3
=        8
Year -2  8
=        8
Year -3  5
=        0

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.98      1.98      1.79
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.38      0.26       0.2
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                        107.23    262.92    469.11
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.12      0.14       0.1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                    107.23    262.92    469.11
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                        0.63      0.58      0.63
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                        0.83      2.38      3.54
Total Debt / Total Assets                           0.12      0.33      0.39

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 4,737,554

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2017


                             340 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2016 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                               September 9, 2016

                          NORFOLK & SUFFOLK FARMS LTD

                                 THE COURTYARD
                              WEST END FARM MELLIS
                                      EYE
                                    BELFAST


TRADE ADDRESS: BRIDGE FARM, BELFAST

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 01204992

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: March 25, 1975
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  HAAG'S NORFOLK & SUFFOLK FARMS LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  HAAG'S NORFOLK & SUFFOLK FARMS LIMITED

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    William Jack Haag, Farmer
     ·    Mr Frederick Charles Haag, Farmer


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Growing of non-perennial crops
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
01100 - Growing of crops; market gardening; horticulture

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: April 5, 2016

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  April 5, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Dormant
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  July 20, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  September 5, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  20,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           05/04/201 05/04/201 05/04/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       2         2         2
Other Current Assets                               2         2         2
Total Current Assets                               2         2         2
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                       2         2         2



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           05/04/201 05/04/201 05/04/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 2         2         2
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                  2         2         2
Called Up Share Capital                            2         2         2
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   05/04/201 05/04/201 05/04/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed           2         2         2
Net Worth                  2         2         2
Working Capital            2         2         2
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0      0      0
Current Assets          0      0      0
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      0      0
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 5,024 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
01100 Growing of crops; market gardening; horticulture



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -.04     4.88    15.63
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -.28     3.05     9.52
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -.09     4.05    16.43
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              22.85    87.41   165.91
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       39.54    16.83        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .71     1.47      3.5
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            23,109.5 33,252.4 48,787.0
                                                          8        6        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  15,691.4 21,531.3 28,340.2
                                                          9        5        8
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  46,025.6 102,613. 218,432.
                                                          8        1        6
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  32.41    20.75    10.71



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  9
=        6
Year -1  9
=        6
Year -2  9
=        5
Year -3  9
=        5

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                05/04/01 05/04/201 05/04/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      1         1         1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2017


                             341 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 14, 2016 Thursday

Washington: CED Comments

LENGTH: 432 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has
issued the following news release:





 The West Otter Tail FSA Office is only 50% complete with the 2016 ARC/PLC
signup. What does that mean, there is a lot of work left to do for the 2016 crop
year getting producers signed up. The only way a farming operation can earn
payments based on the 2016 yields and prices is to be signed up for 2016.
Contact the FSA office and schedule an appointment to get this completed.





 Producers who have out of county land administered here in West Otter Tail
County have until April 15, 2016 to decide if they wish to have their 2014
and/or 2015 Agricultural Risk Coverage-County (ARC-CO)payments recalculated
based on the physical location county rates.   Form

 CCC-861-A would need to be signed by all producers with an interest in the base
acres on the farm by April 15.



 Please remember to update the office with any farm record or other changes as
soon as possible. Producers who are buying, selling, or renting different land
for 2016 need to notify the County Office as soon as possible after the
transaction.  If you are renting new land for 2016, the FSA County Office will
also need a copy of the lease or a signed cash rent statement before we can add
you to the farm and/or give you any information about the farm such as base
acres, and/or program election(s), etc.



 Remember to keep safety in mind this spring and contact the FSA office with any
questions you may have.



 Leon Johnson

 West Otter Tail FSA Office



 April Interest Rates:

 Commodity Loans - 1.500%



 Farm Loan Programs

 Operating Loans - 2.250%

 Farm Ownership Loans - 3.500%

 Farm Ownership - Down Payment Loans - 1.500%



 Farm Storage Facility Loan Program

 Farm Storage Facility Loan, 7-Year - 1.625%

 Farm Storage Facility Loan, 10-Year - 1.875%

 Farm Storage Facility Loan, 12-Year - 2.000%



 Important Dates and Deadlines

 |April 15                 Final Date to Request an ARC-CO Administrative-

                               Physical County Waiver

 May 30                  Office Closed in Observance of Memorial Day

 May 31                  Final date to apply for 2015 commodity loan on corn,

                               soybeans, and sunflowers

 July 15                   Deadline to Report 2016 Spring Seeded Crops

 August 1                Deadline for 2016 ARCPLC Signup

 August 1                Final date to request 2016 farm reconstitutions or

                               transfers



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             342 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 18, 2017

                           LODGE FARM BIOGAS LIMITED

                                   LODGE FARM
                                COMMONWOOD HOLT
                                    WREXHAM
                                WREXHAM LL13 9TE


TRADE ADDRESS: Lodge Farm Commonwood Holt, WREXHAM LL13 9TE

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 07547361

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: March 1, 2011
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  FARM RENEWABLE ENVIRONMENTAL ENERGY LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  FARM RENEWABLE ENVIRONMENTAL ENERGY LIMITED

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Christopher Morris, Director
     ·    Mr Jonathan Tomilson, Director


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Remediation activities and other waste management services

INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
39000

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  December 12, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  March 29, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  31,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                              585,497   609,030   572,749
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                           585,497   609,030   572,749
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                          62,307    22,529    18,819
Miscellaneous Current Assets                  59,020    43,396    68,345
Other Current Assets                         121,327    65,925    87,164
Total Current Assets                         121,327    65,925    87,164
Fixed Assets                                 585,497   609,030   572,749
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 706,824   674,955   659,913



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities             78,190    51,835    23,034
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                     78,190    51,835    23,034
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                  711,252   751,801   762,202
Total Current Liabilities                     78,190    51,835    23,034
Total Long Term Liabilities                  711,252   751,801   762,202
TOTAL LIABILITIES                            789,442   803,636   785,236
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 3         3         3
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                 -82621   -128684   -125326
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                             -82618   -128681   -125323
Called Up Share Capital                            3         3         3
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                   628,634   623,120   636,879


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed     628,634   623,120   636,879
Net Worth             -82618   -128681   -125323
Working Capital       43,137    14,090    64,130
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3   5 Years
                    Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP       GBP
Sales                   -      -         -
Pretax                  -      -         -
Total Assets         4.72   7.11 23,560,70
                                         0
Current Assets      84.04  39.19 4,044,133
Current             50.84 239.45         -
Liabilities
Capital Employed     0.88  -1.29 20,954,36
                                         7
Employee Wages          -      -         -
Number of               -      -         -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 1,170 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
90003 Sanitation and similar activities



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -3.03    12.84    38.07
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                     -13.77     3.85    17.05
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -6.36     2.96    10.84
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              87.87   191.58      325
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       57.47    30.23        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .63     1.03     1.82
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            39,253.7   42,168 48,476.9
                                                                            8
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  22,395.7   29,000 31,761.9
                                                          7
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  53,666.6 104,842.  186,600
                                                          7        8
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  42.52    21.31    14.08



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  5
=        6
Year -1  6
=        8
Year -2  6
=        7
Year -3  6
=        7

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.55      1.27      3.78
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  1.55      1.27      3.78
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                  -0.12     -0.19     -0.19
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 628,634

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2017


                             343 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                January 11, 2017

                        PARKERS OF BASSINGBOURN LIMITED

                            GRANGE FARM, GRANGE ROAD
                                    DUXFORD
                                   CAMBRIDGE
                               CAMBRIDGE CB22 4WF


TRADE ADDRESS: Grange Farm Grange Road, Duxford, CAMBRIDGE CB22 4WF

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01763208092

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 03382577

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: June 6, 1997
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name                     Turnove
No.                                                    r
03692019        KNEESWORTH FARMS LTD                   0
02856518        ROYSTON FARMS LIMITED                  0
02568880        MELBOURN FARMS LIMITED                 0
02539445        PARKER FARMS BASSINGBOURN              0
                LIMITED
-               -                                      -
-               -                                      -
-               -                                      -
-               -                                      -
-               -                                      -
-               -                                      -

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Christine Edith Parker, Farmer
     ·    Mr Mervyn Robin Parker, Farmer


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    MrsTeresa JaneShrubbs


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Activities of holding companies
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
64200 - Telecommunications

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: September 30, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: September 29

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  September 30, 2015
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  May 25, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  June 6, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  72,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           30/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            2,539,064 2,539,702 2,540,159
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                         2,539,064 2,539,702 2,540,159
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                           7,724    11,897    18,480
Miscellaneous Current Assets                  63,427    78,322    75,263
Other Current Assets                          71,151    90,219    93,743
Total Current Assets                          71,151    90,219    93,743
Fixed Assets                                     682     1,320     1,777
Intermediate Assets                        2,538,382 2,538,382 2,538,382
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               2,610,215 2,629,921 2,633,902



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           30/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            271,766   282,689   284,111
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                    271,766   282,689   284,111
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                    271,766   282,689   284,111
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                            271,766   282,689   284,111
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry             1,000     1,000     1,000
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve              2,337,449 2,346,232 2,348,791
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                          2,338,449 2,347,232 2,349,791
Called Up Share Capital                        1,000     1,000     1,000
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 2,338,449 2,347,232 2,349,791


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   30/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed   2,338,449 2,347,232 2,349,791
Net Worth          2,338,449 2,347,232 2,349,791
Working Capital      -200615   -192470   -190368
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets        -0.75   -0.9  -1.07
Current Assets     -21.14  -24.1  -28.7
Current             -3.86  -4.35  -3.68
Liabilities
Capital Employed    -0.37  -0.48  -0.76
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 23,192 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
74150 Management activities of holding companies



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -.77      .45    13.19
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -1.52      .06     7.11
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0     30.7    97.42
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                  0        0    11.35
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        1.33        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .03      .91     2.85
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            -1472.02 46,236.1 131,243.
                                                                   2        1
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  24,994.8 49,686.0 100,861.
                                                          2        4        7
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                         0 46,760.6 190,979.
                                                                   4        1
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  73.71    36.25    18.87



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  9
=        2
Year -1  9
=        6
Year -2  7
=        8
Year -3  9
=        9

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                0/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                0.26      0.32      0.33
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.26      0.32      0.33
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                    0.9      0.89      0.89
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 2,338,449

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Griffin Stone Moscrop & Co

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2017


                             344 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                February 7, 2017

                                MULBRICK LIMITED

                           C/O PARKES & SWAN LIMITED
                               THE OFFICERS' MESS
                                COLDSTREAM ROAD
                                    CATERHAM
                                CATERHAM CR3 5QX


TRADE ADDRESS: The Officers' Mess Coldstream Road, CATERHAM CR3 5QX

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 02035140124

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 08119170

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: June 26, 2012
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name                            Turnove
No.                                                           r
09703210        BROXBOURNEBURY FARM SOLARFIELD LIMITED  206,655
09610073        TYLER HILL PROPERTIES LIMITED           206,655
09609982        BRAILSFORD FARM SOLARFIELD LIMITED      206,655
09523973        CAIRNHILL SOLARFIELD NO 2 LIMITED             0
09474257        THINK SOLAR (INDIA) LIMITED             206,655
09377717        CRIBYN DDU FARM SOLARFIELD LIMITED            0
09357867        ANGROVE HOUSE SOLARFIELD LIMITED        206,655
09357841        LITTLE SNODWORTH FARM SOLARFIELD              0
                LIMITED
09357798        GREEN MEADOW FARM SOLARFIELD LIMITED          0
09357796        LOWER HOUSE FARM SOLARFIELD LIMITED           0

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Ravishankar Tumuluri, Director


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Management consultancy activities other than financial
management
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
70229

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  September 30, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  June 26, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  15,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   5         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                6,876   576,259   505,109
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                             6,876   576,259   505,109
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                          11,419        47     4,711
Miscellaneous Current Assets                 464,337   106,666   191,324
Other Current Assets                         475,756   106,713   196,035
Total Current Assets                         475,756   106,713   196,035
Fixed Assets                                     601       741   505,109
Intermediate Assets                            6,275   575,518         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 482,632   682,972   701,144



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   5         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            926,833   265,462    29,549
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                    926,833   265,462    29,549
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                              245,470         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                      245,470         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                    245,470         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -   924,048
Total Current Liabilities                    926,833   265,462    29,549
Total Long Term Liabilities                  245,470         -   924,048
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          1,172,303   265,462   953,597
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry           206,165 1,012,617        10
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                -895836   -595107   -252463
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                            -689671   417,510   -252453
Called Up Share Capital                      206,165 1,012,617        10
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                   -444201   417,510   671,595


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           5         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -   184,231
Cost of Sales              -         -         0
Gross Profit               -         -   184,231
Operating Profit           -         -   -137992
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         0
Interest Payable           -         -    67,529
Pretax Profit              -         -   -205521
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -   -205521
Dividends Payable          -         -         0
Retained Profits           -         -   -205521
Value Added                -         -   -137764
Capital Employed     -444201   417,510   671,595
Net Worth            -689671   417,510   -252453
Working Capital      -451077   -158749   166,486
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         0
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -       228
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3  5 Years
                    Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP      GBP
Sales                   -      -        -
Pretax                  -      -        -
Total Assets       -29.33 -31.17   243.85
Current Assets     345.83 142.69   252.62
Current            249.14 3,036. 22,004.2
Liabilities                    6        9
Capital Employed   -206.3 -166.1  -426.22
                        9      4
Employee Wages          -      -        -
Number of               -      -        -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 95,469 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
74149 Business and management consultancy activities
not elsewhere classified



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                   Lower Media Upper
                                                             n
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   0 67.78 297.0
                                                                   8
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       0 35.56 131.1
                                                                   7
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              0 34.45 69.34
Sales / Total Assets (%)                           105.2   200 419.0
                                                       6           5
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x    21.45     0     0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   1  1.47  2.89
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -     -     -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)      -     -     -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -     -     -
Wages / Turnover (%)                                   -     -     -



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  3
=        9
Year -1  4
=        8
Year -2  1
=        5
Year -3  6
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/12/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       5         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -     -30.6
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -    -29.31
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -     81.41
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -   -111.56
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -     26.28
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -      0.36
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -     90.37
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                0.51       0.4      6.63
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.51       0.4      6.63
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                        -35.59         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                  -1.43      0.61     -0.36
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                    -35.59         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -    -48.94
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -    149.18
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -    -74.78
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                       -0.54         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                           0.51         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP -444201

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2017


                             345 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 28, 2017

                      KNIGHTSHILL FARM MANAGEMENT LIMITED

                                    THE FARM
                                     HOUSE
                              KNIGHTSHILL FARM LEA
                              ROSS-ON-WYE HR9 7LR


TRADE ADDRESS: The Farm House Knightshill Farm Lea, ROSS-ON-WYE HR9 7LR

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 04690403

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: March 7, 2003
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Gary Anthony Thompson, Police Officer
     ·    Mr Gary Anthony Thompson, Police Officer


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    MrGraeme MartinBlackwell


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Other business support service activities n.e.c.
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
82990

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  December 4, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  March 7, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  17,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                           5,321     4,279     3,389
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         0         0
Other Current Assets                           5,321     4,279     3,389
Total Current Assets                           5,321     4,279     3,389
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                   5,321     4,279     3,389



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                 15         -        17
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                         15         -        17
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -        14         -
Total Current Liabilities                         15         -        17
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -        14         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                 15        14        17
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 5         5         5
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                  5,301     4,260     3,367
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                              5,306     4,265     3,372
Called Up Share Capital                            5         5         5
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                     5,306         -     3,372


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed       5,306     4,279     3,372
Net Worth              5,306     4,265     3,372
Working Capital        5,306     4,279     3,372
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets        24.35  57.01  89.76
Current Assets      24.35  57.01  89.76
Current                 - -11.76      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed       24  57.35  89.23
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 178,145 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
74849 Other business activities not elsewhere classified



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     9.23    54.84
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0      1.9    32.63
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0      .98    27.13
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              50.95   143.84   367.16
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       26.26        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .79     1.13     2.24
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            28,637.6 53,888.3 72,276.9
                                                          7        2
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  16,835.7 26,753.2 39,868.1
                                                          2        1        3
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  31,518.2 84,193.5 186,740.
                                                          9        5        9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  47.63    27.94    18.75



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  7
=        9
Year -1  8
=        6
Year -2  5
=        8
Year -3  5
=        3

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities              354.73         -    199.35
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                354.73         -    199.35
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      1         1      0.99
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 5,306

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2017


                             346 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                               February 15, 2017

                            TABLEHURST FARM LIMITED

                                TABLEHURST FARM
                                    LIMITED
                                  LONDON ROAD
                              FOREST ROW RH18 5DP


TRADE ADDRESS: Tablehurst Farm London Road, FOREST ROW RH18 5DP

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01342823173
FAX: 01342-824873
URL: www.tablehurst.farm

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 03234849

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: August 7, 1996
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  TABLEHURST AND PLAW HATCH COMMUNITY FARM LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  TABLEHURST AND PLAW HATCH COMMUNITY FARM LIMITED

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Robert Haswell Tilsley, Farmer
     ·    Mrs Julia May Frazer, Academic


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Mixed farming
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
01500 - Hunting, trapping and game propagation including related service
activities
87000

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  September 30, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  August 7, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  20,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                              351,962   279,697   317,258
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                           351,962   279,697   317,258
Stocks                                       152,654   156,147   156,661
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                          71,873   110,154    81,386
Miscellaneous Current Assets                  60,790    31,834    27,016
Other Current Assets                         132,663   141,988   108,402
Total Current Assets                         285,317   298,135   265,063
Fixed Assets                                 351,962   279,697   317,258
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 637,279   577,832   582,321



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            160,134   112,519   125,497
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                       6,492     6,492         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                    153,642   106,027   125,497
Short Term Loans                               6,492     6,492         -
Long Term Loans                                    -    93,923    71,951
Long Term Bank Loan                                -    93,923    71,951
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                  156,734    62,977    98,397
Total Current Liabilities                    160,134   112,519   125,497
Total Long Term Liabilities                  156,734   156,900   170,348
TOTAL LIABILITIES                            316,868   269,419   295,845
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry            96,400    96,400    96,400
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                224,011   212,013   190,076
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                            320,411   308,413   286,476
Called Up Share Capital                       14,140    14,140    14,140
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)            82,260    82,260    82,260
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                   477,145   465,313   456,824


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed     477,145   465,313   456,824
Net Worth            320,411   308,413   286,476
Working Capital      125,183   185,616   139,566
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets        10.29   9.44  18.59
Current Assets       -4.3   7.64  10.51
Current             42.32   27.6  28.92
Liabilities
Capital Employed     2.54   4.45  15.48
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 3,013 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
01300 Growing of crops combined with farming of
animals (mixed farming)



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -.98     3.01    12.04
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -.94     2.22     8.47
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -2.08     7.69    21.35
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               8.93    31.41    73.33
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        28.3        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                     .5     1.12     2.98
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -        -        -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  16,517.8 22,101.1 26,218.1
                                                          6        9        4
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  36,428.5 86,421.8 193,261.
                                                          7        8        9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  34.43    19.81    13.56



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  6
=        6
Year -1  5
=
Year -2  5
=
Year -3  9
=        8

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.78      2.65      2.11
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.83      1.26      0.86
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                          2.03     32.56     25.12
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                    0.5      0.53      0.49
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -     30.45     25.12
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                        1.05      0.72       0.8
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                        0.05      0.54      0.52
Total Debt / Total Assets                           0.01      0.17      0.12

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 477,145

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2017


                             347 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                January 26, 2017

                     MEARSE FARM MANAGEMENT COMPANY LIMITED

                               MEARSE FARM HOUSE
                                MEARSE FARM LANE
                                   INKBERROW
                               WORCESTER WR7 4HS


TRADE ADDRESS: Mearse Farm Lane, WORCESTER WR7 4HS

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 05647570

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: December 7, 2005
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Susan Lisle, Director
     ·    Dr Paula Gittoes, Professional


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Activities of holding companies
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
64200 - Telecommunications

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  September 21, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  December 7, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  8,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                             949       517       728
Miscellaneous Current Assets                     132       129       113
Other Current Assets                           1,081       646       841
Total Current Assets                           1,081       646       841
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                   1,081       646       841



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities              1,051     1,022       624
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                      1,051     1,022       624
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                      1,051     1,022       624
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                              1,051     1,022       624
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 3         3         3
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                     27      -379       214
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                 30      -376       217
Called Up Share Capital                            3         3         3
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                        30      -376       217


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed          30      -376       217
Net Worth                 30      -376       217
Working Capital           30      -376       217
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets        67.34  28.54 123.35
Current Assets      67.34  28.54 123.35
Current              2.84  68.43  68.43
Liabilities
Capital Employed   -107.9 -86.18 -121.4
                        8             3
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 23,192 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
74150 Management activities of holding companies



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -.77      .45    13.19
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -1.52      .06     7.11
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0     30.7    97.42
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                  0        0    11.35
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        1.33        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .03      .91     2.85
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            -1472.02 46,236.1 131,243.
                                                                   2        1
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  24,994.8 49,686.0 100,861.
                                                          2        4        7
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                         0 46,760.6 190,979.
                                                                   4        1
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  73.71    36.25    18.87



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  3
=        2
Year -1  5
=        6
Year -2  1
=        5
Year -3  6
=        3

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.03      0.63      1.35
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  1.03      0.63      1.35
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.03     -0.58      0.26
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 30

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Haines Watts Worcester Ltd

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2017


                             348 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 7, 2014 Tuesday

Farm Loan Programs; Entity Eligibility

LENGTH: 328  words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


Office of Federal Register, Government of US has issued the following news
release:


Action

Interim Final Rule.
Summary

The Farm Service Agency (FSA) is amending the Farm Loan Programs (FLP)
regulations for loan making and servicing on eligibility conditions for certain
legal entities, allowing additional flexibility for loan applicants to meet the
required farming experience, and increasing the maximum total indebtedness on
Microloans (ML) to $50,000. The changes implement provisions of the Agricultural
Act of 2014 (2014 Farm Bill). The changes will help increase the number of
entities eligible to participate in certain FLP loans and adjust to better
reflect the changes in the way farms are owned and operated by legal entities.
The changes will allow FSA to extend credit and servicing to family farm
operations that may have been ineligible under existing regulations.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    Background
    Eligible Entities
    Definition of "Farm" and "Family Farm"
    Eligibility of Certain Operating-Only Entities
    Eligibility of Certain Embedded Entities
    Direct Farm Ownership Experience Requirement
    ML Changes
    Notice and Comment
    Executive Order 12866 and 13563
    Clarity of the Regulation
    Cost Benefit Analysis Summary
    Regulatory Flexibility Act
    Environmental Review
    Executive Order 12372
    Executive Order 12988
    Executive Order 13132
    Executive Order 13175
    Unfunded Mandates
    SBREFA
    Federal Assistance Programs
    Paperwork Reduction Act
    E-Government Act Compliance
    List of Subjects
    PART 761--FARM LOAN PROGRAM; GENERAL PROGRAM ADMINISTRATION
    Subpart A--General Provisions
    PART 762--GUARANTEED FARM LOANS
    PART 763--LAND CONTRACT GUARANTEE PROGRAM
    PART 764--DIRECT LOAN MAKING
    PART 765--DIRECT LOAN SERVICING--REGULAR
    Subpart I--Transfer of Security and Assumption of Debt

DATES: Back to Top

Effective

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             349 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                         GlobalData - Company Statement

                                February 6, 2017

                        Global Clean Energy Holdings Inc

                         Suite 105, 2790 Skypark Drive
                                 Torrance 90505
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
Overview:

   A statement from the company's management discussion and analysis is given
below. The following statement has been taken from the company's 2015, 10-K
filing-

   verview On December 2, 2015, we sold the three Jatropha farms to an
unaffiliated, a Mexican agricultural operator in the region. The cash purchase
price for the three farms was MXP $89 Million (approx. US$5,908,000). In
addition, as a result of the structured transaction we extinguished
approximately $4.7 million of accrued interest and $12.1 million of preferred
return.

   GCE Mexico assigned U.S. $5.1 million of the purchase price the our joint
venture partner to repay the U.S. $5.1 million of mortgage loans made by the
investor to GCE Mexico's operating subsidiaries. In addition, as part of the
sale of the three farms and the repayment of the mortgage loans, the investor
agreed to forgive and extinguish (i) approximately $5.1 million of unpaid
interest that had accrued on the three mortgage loans, and (ii) the preferred
return (approximately $12.1 million) that the preferred unit holders had
accrued. We did not receive any cash from the sale of the three farms. However,
as result of the repayment of the three mortgage loans, the forgiveness of the
accrued interest on those loans, and the extinguishment of the accrued preferred
return, approximately US$21.9 million of long term liabilities were extinguished
from this Company's consolidated balance sheet.

   Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
assets, liabilities, sales and expenses in the accompanying financial
statements. Critical accounting policies are those that require the most
subjective and complex judgments, often employing the use of estimates about the
effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. The Company's most critical
accounting policies and estimates that may materially impact the Company's
results of operations include:

   Agricultural Producer. All costs incurred including the actual planting of
the Jatropha trees are capitalized as plantation development costs, and are
included in "Property and Equipment" on the balance sheet. Plantation
development costs are being accumulated in the balance sheet during the
development period and will be accounted for in accordance with accounting
standards for Agricultural Producers and Agricultural Cooperatives. The direct
costs associated with each farm and the production of the Jatropha revenue
streams have been deferred and accumulated as a noncurrent asset and are
included in "Deferred Growing Costs" on the balance sheet. Other general costs
without expected future benefits are expensed when incurred. Certain other
critical accounting policies, including the assumptions and judgments underlying
them, are disclosed in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included
in this Annual Report. However, we do not believe that there are any alternative
methods of accounting for our operations that would have a material effect on
our financial statements.

   Results Of Operations: Revenues. During the year ended December 31, 2015 and
2014 we recognized revenue of $572,563 and $1,299,075, respectively. The
revenues that we generated in 2015 were primarily derived from Jatropha related
advisory and management services we rendered to a third party. Revenues during
the year ended December 31, 2015 decreased by $726,512 from the comparable 2014
fiscal period because a decrease in advisory and management revenues. Our
current advisory agreements expire during 2016 and will have to be replaced or
renewed. Accordingly, the amount of advisory service revenues that we may
generate in 2016 will depend on new advisory agreements, if any, that we obtain
to replace the existing agreements. Revenue is recognized when all of the
following criteria are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists;
delivery has occurred or services have been rendered; the seller's price to the
buyer is fixed or determinable; collectability is reasonably assured; and title
and the risks and rewards of ownership have transferred to the buyer. Value
added taxes collected on revenue transactions are excluded from revenue and are
included in accounts payable until remittance to the taxation authority. To
date, the most significant sources of revenue have been advisory services and
agricultural subsidies. Advisory and management services revenue - The Company
provides development and management services to other companies regarding their
bio-fuels and/or feedstock-Jatropha and Camelina development operations, on a
fee for services basis. The advisory services revenue is recognized upon
completion of the work in accordance with the separate contract. Agricultural
subsidies revenue - the Company has in the past received agricultural subsidies
from the Mexican government, which payments were recognized as revenues when the
payments were received. In the short term, our goal is to increase the amount of
advisory and management services that we render to third parties in order to
generate revenues to fund our corporate working capital needs, and to generate
Camelina-related revenues from the Camelina business that we acquired in March
2013. In the longer term, our goal is to substantially increase the revenues
derived from the operations of our Jatropha farms, to rapidly ramp up our
Camelina operations by increasing the amount of Camelina acreage, and to
continue to generate fees from advisory services that we render to third
parties. General And Administrative Expenses. Our general and administrative
expenses of $2,173,708 related to the year ended December 31, 2015 decreased by
$176,422 from prior year's expense of $2,350,130 due to severance and other
closing costs related to sale of our three farms in Mexico. General and
administrative expenses principally consist of officer and employee
compensation, outside services (such as legal, accounting, and consulting
expenses), share-based compensation, and other general expenses (such as
insurance, occupancy costs and travel). Plantation and Operating Costs. For the
year ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 we recorded Plantation Operating Costs
from the operations of the farms of $17,402 and $132,639, respectively. The
decrease in the year ended in 2015 from 2014 was mostly due to a reduction in
replanting and cultivation costs at our Mexico farms as we scaled back planting
of new Jatropha trees at those Mexico farms.

   Write Down of Long Lived Assets. During the year ended December 31, 2015 we
wrote down certain long term assets by $1,537,121 in the accumulated plantation
development costs related to the sale of the sale of our three Mexican farms.
For 2014, this write off represented a reduction in the accumulated plantation
development costs related to areas on our first two Jatropha farms in Mexico
which were anticipated to be replanted in 2015. The trees in certain areas of
these farms were not expected to produce enough yield or generate enough future
revenues to offset the capital expended in a reasonable period of time and,
accordingly, an impairment charge was recorded. The Company regularly evaluates
its property and equipment and other long-lived assets for impairment based on
its classification as a) held for sale or b) to be held and used. Several
criteria must be met before an asset is classified as held for sale, including
that management with the appropriate authority commits to a plan to sell the
asset at a reasonable price in relation to its fair value and is actively
seeking a buyer. For assets held for sale, the Company recognizes the asset at
the lower of carrying value or fair market value less costs to sell, as
estimated based on comparable asset sales, offers received, or a discounted cash
flow model. For assets to be held and used, the Company reviews for impairment
whenever indicators of impairment exist. The Company then compares the estimated
future cash flows, at an average growth rate of 30% after 2015, of the asset, on
an undiscounted basis, to the carrying value of the asset. If the undiscounted
cash flows exceed the carrying value, no impairment is indicated. If the
undiscounted cash flows do not exceed the carrying value, then an impairment is
recorded based on the fair value of the asset, typically measured using a
discounted cash flow model with a discount rate of 65%. The projected cash flows
used in the companies impairment test is over a 15 year period using approved
forecasts. The company's assumptions related to the growth rate and the cash
flow discount rate is management's estimates based on historical trends in the
farm development and growth in the yield from the trees. There is a risk the
actual results will be much less than management's assumptions used in the
impairment test. Many factors, such as the weather, pest and disease control can
cause the company's future cash flows to be less than expected. If an asset is
still under development, future cash flows include remaining construction costs.
All recognized impairment losses, whether for assets held for sale or assets to
be held and used, are recorded as operating expenses. See Note 1 for information
on recorded impairment charges.

   Interest Income/Expense. In fiscal 2015, we incurred approximately $1,010,000
of interest expense, compared to interest expense of approximately $1,187,000 in
fiscal 2014. This decrease in interest expense is primarily due to the decrease
in debt associated with the mortgages on the land which was sold as part of our
three farms in Mexico. Since the three Mexico farms have been sold and the
mortgages have been repaid, we will no longer incur these interest expenses in
the future.

   Net loss attributable to discontinued operations, formerly non-controlling
interest. Our three Mexico farms were sold December 2, 2015 and operations were
ceased affective December 31, 2015. Our Mexico farm operations were owned
through GCE Mexico. Under GCE Mexico's operating agreement, the net loss
allocated from these entities to GCE Mexico is then further allocated to the
members of GCE Mexico according to the investment balances. Accordingly, since
the common membership interest did not make a capital contribution, all of the
losses allocated to GCE Mexico were allocated to the preferred membership
interest. In 2014, the net loss attributable to the non-controlling interest in
the accompanying Consolidated Statement of Operations represented the allocation
of the net loss of GCE Mexico to the preferred membership interests was
approximately $1,779,000. For the year ended December 31, 2015, the loss from
the discontinued operations (formerly non-controlling interest) was
approximately $8,255,617, which loss was recognized as a result of the sale of
the three Mexico farms and all related net assets. Net loss The Company recorded
net losses of $9,018,352 and $616,748 for the years ended December 31, 2015 and
2014, respectively. The net losses mostly decreased from 2014, because of the
loss on sale of investment of $178,000 recorded in the year ended December 31,
2014.

   Liquidity and Capital Resources: As of December 31, 2015, we had
approximately $252,000 in cash and a working capital deficit of $6,268,354, as
compared with approximately $238,000 in cash and a working capital deficit of
$6,410,283 at December 31, 2014. To date, we have funded our corporate overhead
and other public company costs and expenses primarily from (i) the sale of debt
and equity securities, and (ii) fees we received for providing Jatropha related
advisory services to third parties. The amount of cash on hand and the advisory
service contracts currently in effect will not be sufficient to fund our total
working capital needs for the next twelve months. Furthermore, we do not have
sufficient financial resources to fund our business plan (which includes the
expansion of our Camelina operations in the U.S., the purchase of additional
biofuel farms and other capital outlays). Accordingly, unless we enter into
additional advisory service agreements or otherwise receive cash proceeds, we
will have to obtain additional funding in the near future from the sale of our
securities to fund our cash needs. Our principal existing advisory/management
agreements expire in 2016, and we have not entered into any new replacement
advisory agreements. Accordingly, our current revenue sources may run out during
the year. No assurance can be given that we will be able to enter into new
advisory/management agreements or that we will be able to raise additional
capital to fund our growth capital needs. If we are not able to raise additional
capital, we may have to further reduce this company's operations. We have not
identified any sources of the additional capital that we may need, and we cannot
guarantee that such additional capital will be available and, if available, will
be on terms favorable to the Company and its stockholders. Our business plan
contemplates that with additional funding we will (i) continue to develop our
Jatropha business and operations, (ii) diversify our biofuel energy crop
revenues from new revenues generated by our new Camelina operations, and(iii)
increase our bio-fuel advisory and management services, as follows:

   Jatropha Farm Operations. Until December 2015, we owned and operated three
farms in Mexico (two of which were planted with Jatropha) through our GCE Mexico
joint venture. All of the operating and capital expenses of those farms were
funded by our joint venture partner and from operating revenues. Our joint
venture partner in GCE Mexico funded all of GCE Mexico's operating and capital
requirements in 2015 and the wind down expenses for the first quarter of 2016.
Due to our partner's other business commitments, however, our joint venture
partner was not able to commit to the additional investment needed to operate
and expand the farms. As a result, as disclosed in this Annual Report, GCE
Mexico sold those farms in December 2015. The sale of the three Mexico farms
affected our balance sheet because it allowed us to drastically reduce high-cost
debt incurred in acquiring and operating the three farms. We did not receive any
cash from the sale of the three farms (the proceeds received from the sale of
the three farms was allocated to our joint venture partner who funded GCE
Mexico). However, as result of the repayment of the three mortgage loans, the
forgiveness of the accrued interest on those loans, and the extinguishment of
the accrued preferred return, approximately US$21.9 million of long term
liabilities were extinguished from our consolidated balance sheet. We believe
that reducing this debt will beneficially affect our ability to raise future
debt or equity funding. Although we sold the three Jatropha farms, we did retain
the Jatropha genetics we have spent years developing on a commercial scale. We
did not sell any of our intellectual property rights to the buyer. As a result,
our Jatropha genetics are preserved as a core GCEH asset as is the enormous
amount of institutional knowledge, experience and know-how that we developed
over the past several years in Mexico. As part of the sale, we also retained
access rights to the Certified Nursery and R&D areas on the farm for an extended
period of time.

   Camelina Operations. In March 2013, we acquired the business and assets of
Sustainable Oils, LLC, a company that has been engaged in developing Camelina
products since 2007. Sustainable Oils has generated over $20 million in revenues
during the three years preceding our acquisition, but also incurred losses of
approximately $5.8 million during that time, primarily due to research and
development, patent, regulatory and business development costs. The Camelina
operations will require a significant amount of additional cash to scale up its
operations and to reach profitable operations. Our goal is to operate the
Camelina business through a new subsidiary. Furthermore, our goal is to fund the
operations and expansion of the Camelina operations with new debt or equity that
we intend to raise specifically for the Camelina subsidiary. In the first
quarter of 2014, our Camelina subsidiary raised $130,000 in bridge financing
from three investors by issuing its unsecured convertible promissory notes. The
promissory notes bear interest at a rate of 8% per annum, matured on December
31, 2015, and are convertible into capital stock of our Camelina subsidiary.
Management is currently in discussions with the note holders to extend the
maturity dates of the promissory notes. In order to induce the investors to
purchase the convertible notes, we issued to those investors warrants to
purchase a total of 1,083,332 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of
$.012 per share. In addition, we granted the three investors the right to "put"
(sell) the convertible note shares of our Camelina subsidiary to us commencing
at the end of 2018 for the price equal to the price that they paid for their
convertible notes. If the "put" is exercised and we are required to purchase the
shares of our subsidiary, we will have the right to pay for those shares in cash
or in shares of our common stock having a fair market value equal to the cash
price. The proceeds from the foregoing bridge financing was used to fund the
working capital needs of the Camelina subsidiary. While we have been in
discussions with a number of sources for additional funding, we have not entered
into any binding arrangements for the desired amount of new funding. No
assurance can be given that we will obtain the additional capital necessary to
operate and grow our new Camelina operations. In the event that we do not obtain
the necessary amount of financing to properly operate and scale up our new
Camelina operations, those operations are expected to continue to operate at a
loss.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Overview
Company Statement                       Events
Financial Ratios                        History
Key Employee Biographies                Key Employees
Key Facts                               Locations and Subsidiaries
Major Products and Services             SWOT Analysis
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2017


                             350 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    February 10, 1985, Sunday, Final Edition

Farm Community Nourished by Devoted Country Banker;
Lender Charges Low Rates, Defers Interest Payments

BYLINE: By Ward Sinclair, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A7

LENGTH: 1046 words


C.D. (Charlie) Bennett isn't an elected official and he doesn't make headlines,
but he just might be the most important man in Breckinridge County, Ky., these
days. He is the country banker who makes the loans that keep farmers going.

His Farmers Bank, as appropriately named today as when it was founded in 1902,
is one of more than 5,000 rural banks that hold about $80 billion of
agricultural debt -- a third of what American farmers owe.

Unlike many of its sister institutions farther west, Grain Belt lenders that are
in trouble because of farmers' low prices and declining land values, Farmers
Bank in Hardinsburg is in relatively good shape, due in part to the area's more
diversified agricultural base. But in almost every other sense, the Farmers Bank
is the prototypical country lending institution.

The rural bank is one of the engines that keep agriculture running. Or doesn't.
When things go bad on the farm, things go bad in the neighboring town and things
go bad at the country bank.

Reflecting the recession in the agricultural heartland, more than a dozen of
these banks failed last year, as the ripples reached out and rolled over
businesses that prop up and supply the farmer. Federal bank regulators predict
that more than 100 will topple this year.

Bankers such as Bennett, farm-state legislators, governors and farmers warn
that, unless strong action is taken, there will be devastation in rural
communities that rely on agriculture and repercussions throughout the economy.

"This country was built on rural people," Bennett said the other day. "If we let
rural America suffer, people not only leave the farms. They have to go somewhere
and they have to do something. This could mean an even heavier drain on society
. . . . I can see what's happening now in rural America costing us billions down
the road -- we're going to have social programs no matter what the
administration says and they are going to cost money."

The Reagan administration, under pressure from farm-state legislators and the
banking industry, has reacted with a debt-restructuring program aimed at helping
many farmers find a way to finance spring planting. But critics, including the
bankers, say the plan is unlikely to work.

Agriculture Secretary John R. Block, among other administration officials, says
the recently reshaped program will work if given a chance. But, he also has said
repeatedly, banks must share more of the burden if financially strapped farmers
are to make it through 1985.

Bennett's bank, with about 60 percent of its loans made to farmers, already
carries a sizable load. Farmers Bank makes year-to-year operating loans at 12
percent, a rate lower than normal, "because the profit is not there in
agriculture and the farmer just can't pay."

Beyond that, Bennett said, "We have forgone interest for this year so farmers
can put in a crop. That's just a fact of life in rural America. The people are
as honest as the day is long and they'll pay it back when they can."

That means, of course, that the bank's earnings go down. Or it means that other
customers must subsidize the borrowing farmer by paying higher rates on their
own loans. And it means there is less money available in the general loan pool.

Most of Farmers Bank's capital comes from local depositors and most of its loans
go to local people, principally farmers who rely on it for yearly operating
funds.

When a local business wants to expand, it goes to Bennett for money. When the
fertilizer company, the implements firm and the seed dealer need to buy
supplies, they see Bennett.

The country bank is so reactive to local situations that at Farmers, for
example, most of the agricultural loans are timed to coincide with tobacco
farming, a major source of income for Breckinridge County farmers. Most of the
tobacco loans -- to small farmers who borrow between $5,000 and $10,000 yearly
-- come due after the burley auctions in late fall.

Now, as these farmers prepare to plant, they line up to see Charlie (like most
country bankers, he's on a first-name basis with his customers) for operating
money. Bennett and his staff base their decisions on farming ability and
likelihood of repayment. Often, a mere handshake seals the deal.

Bennett's bank holds about $30 million in different types of deposits. It must
pay for the use of that money, but it also makes money by putting the deposits
to work. Much of it goes back out as loans -- all in the area around
Hardinsburg. Some of its money is deposited in larger banks, earning interest.

Farmers Bank also has invested about $1 million in bonds of the Farm Credit
System, the farmer-operated lending network that -- like the country banks --
holds about one-third of the agricultural debt. As the credit crisis intensified
in recent months, financial specialists expressed growing concern about the FCS.

"We invest in those bonds just as many other people do," Bennett said. "There is
something about rural America that still is very basic, and a lot of individuals
who feel strongly about it buy the FCS bonds. There surely would be another
serious ripple effect if we see Farm Credit defaulting. The government would
have to go in, no question about it."

As in many rural communities, feeling about the role of the country bank runs
strong in Hardinsburg, a town of about 2,100 southwest of Louisville.

When it appeared in the early 1970s that outsiders might buy Farmers Bank,
Bennett and some of his friends decided to cut them off at the pass.

There was, naturally, appeal in the idea of making some money. But, to Bennett,
there was something else that bespoke the unusual relationship between country
bank and country customer.

"We had to borrow money from a bigger bank in Owensboro to get control. But we
bought the Farmers Bank to keep it in the community," he said, adding:

"Your rural banker has a feeling for helping rural people. That's why I went
into it. I felt I could do something for the community. And we just don't loan
money outside of the community."

"We are a part of the community," Bennett said, "and we support all of the local
activities. We bought computers for the grade school. We contribute to all the
causes. And everyone calls on us for donations. That's the way it is."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Map, Western Kentucky. The Washington Post

                       Copyright 1985 The Washington Post


                             351 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                February 9, 2017

                          WALTER PRICE & SONS LIMITED

                                 LONGFORD FARM
                                  NEATH ABBEY
                                     NEATH
                                 NEATH SA10 7HW


TRADE ADDRESS: Longford Farm Longford, NEATH SA10 7HW

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 00654697

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: March 30, 1960
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Robert William Mort, Farmer
     ·    Mr David Morgan Price, Farm Worker
     ·    David Price, Farm Worker
     ·    Miss Margaret June Price, Farm Worker
     ·    Phillip Watkin Price, Farm Worker


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    MrRobert WilliamMort


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: 308076 Raising of dairy cattle
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
01410 - Agricultural service activities

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  December 19, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  January 23, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  30,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                              350,878   375,988   399,774
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                           350,878   375,988   399,774
Stocks                                        73,230    92,178    74,727
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                         227,964   272,531   337,380
Miscellaneous Current Assets                   9,343     6,545    16,447
Other Current Assets                         237,307   279,076   353,827
Total Current Assets                         310,537   371,254   428,554
Fixed Assets                                 349,606   374,716   398,502
Intermediate Assets                            1,272     1,272     1,272
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 661,415   747,242   828,328



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            144,044   149,692   144,261
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                    144,044   149,692   144,261
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                    144,044   149,692   144,261
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                            144,044   149,692   144,261
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry             8,000     8,000     8,000
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                509,371   589,550   676,067
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                            517,371   597,550   684,067
Called Up Share Capital                        8,000     8,000     8,000
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                   517,371   597,550   684,067


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed     517,371   597,550   684,067
Net Worth            517,371   597,550   684,067
Working Capital      166,493   221,562   284,293
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets       -11.49 -20.15 -24.89
Current Assets     -16.35 -27.54 -35.51
Current             -3.77  -0.15  -0.88
Liabilities
Capital Employed   -13.42 -24.37 -29.64
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 1,824 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
01210 Farming of cattle, dairy farming



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     2.52      8.7
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                        -.5     2.16     5.78
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0     4.31    13.39
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              16.29    57.48    111.9
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       35.99    19.16        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .59     1.06     2.37
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            33,657.9 40,816.4 68,376.5
                                                          3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  19,411.9 22,330.1 26,632.8
                                                                   4        3
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    93,950 175,892.  291,800
                                                                   8
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  23.08    14.29     6.96



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  96
=
Year -1  96
=
Year -2  10
=         0
Year -3  99
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                2.16      2.48      2.97
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  1.65      1.86      2.45
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.78       0.8      0.83
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                        1.97      1.62      1.93
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 517,371

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: WBV Ltd

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2017


                             352 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2016 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                 July 19, 2016

                       WARREN FARM HOLIDAY CENTRE LIMITED

                            WARREN FARM HOLIDAY PARK
                                  BREAN SANDS
                                 BURNHAM ON SEA
                             BURNHAM-ON-SEA TA8 2RP


TRADE ADDRESS: Warren Farm Holiday Centre, BURNHAM-ON-SEA TA8 2RP

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01278751227
FAX: 01278751033
URL: www.warren-farm.co.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 04724032

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: April 4, 2003
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 66

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Jonathan Hugh Harris, Holiday Park Proprietor
     ·    Christopher John Harris, Manager
     ·    Michael Hugh Harris, Manager


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Holiday centres and villages
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Conv. to INDPROVSOC

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
55201
82990

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2015

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Medium   no turnover filed
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  July 8, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  April 4, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  175,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            14,316,68 14,412,04 14,612,13
                                                   4         1         2
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                         14,316,68 14,412,04 14,612,13
                                                   4         1         2
Stocks                                       274,756   329,373   238,985
Debtors                                        7,640     6,425     7,330
Cash                                         141,315    23,535    36,260
Miscellaneous Current Assets                 137,185   169,567    77,331
Other Current Assets                         278,500   193,102   113,591
Total Current Assets                         560,896   528,900   359,906
Fixed Assets                               14,316,68 14,412,04 14,612,13
                                                   4         1         2
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               14,877,58 14,940,94 14,972,03
                                                   0         1         8



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                     44,404    64,632    67,734
Bank Overdraft                               142,447   245,960   266,222
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            238,319   230,520   227,463
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                    238,319   230,520   227,463
Short Term Loans                             142,447   245,960   266,222
Long Term Loans                            1,283,267 1,429,467 1,571,246
Long Term Bank Loan                        1,283,267 1,429,467 1,571,246
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                1,493,572   178,744   179,745
Total Current Liabilities                    425,170   541,112   561,419
Total Long Term Liabilities                2,776,839 1,608,211 1,750,991
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          3,202,009 2,149,323 2,312,410
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry               100       100       100
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve              4,078,065 3,784,129 3,557,118
Revaluation Reserve                        7,597,406 9,007,389 9,102,410
Shareholder Funds                          11,675,57 12,791,61 12,659,62
                                                   1         8         8
Called Up Share Capital                          100       100       100
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 0         0         0
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 14,452,41 14,399,82 14,410,61
                                                   0         9         9


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales        4,574,987 4,306,955 4,180,258
Cost of Sales      1,573,494 1,536,681 1,554,166
Gross Profit       3,001,493 2,770,274 2,626,092
Operating Profit     823,722   549,261   555,803
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income     20,445       240       322
Interest Payable      50,626    55,175    58,700
Pretax Profit        793,541   494,326   497,425
Taxation             192,382   134,336   140,154
Profit After Tax     601,159   359,990   357,271
Dividends Payable    406,740   228,000   100,000
Retained Profits     194,419   131,990   257,271
Value Added        2,056,088 1,739,440 1,755,114
Capital Employed   14,452,41 14,399,82 14,410,61
                           0         9         9
Net Worth          11,675,57 12,791,61 12,659,62
                           1         8         8
Working Capital      135,726    -12212   -201513
Emp. Renumeration    937,124   893,346   903,301
Dir. Renumeration     35,356    17,230    48,280
Audit Fees             2,500     2,500     2,500
Non-audit Fees        10,100     9,800     8,650
Depreciation         295,242   296,833   296,010
Number of                 66        68        44
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                               31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
                                                     GBP       GBP       GBP
Net Cashflow From Operating Activities           833,311   768,836   986,947
Net Cashflow From Return On Investment And             -   -283399   -159326
Servicing Of Finance
Net Cashflow Before Financing                    653,871   227,190   704,443
Net Cashflow From Financing                      -428826   -216569   -191319
Increase In Cash                                 225,045    10,621   513,124

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                6.22   9.44   29.3
Pretax              60.53  59.53 168.57
Total Assets        -0.42  -0.63  18.87
Current Assets       6.05  55.85  14.14
Current            -21.43 -24.27 -59.84
Liabilities
Capital Employed     0.37   0.29  26.14
Employee Wages        4.9   3.74   4.48
Number of           -2.94     50   37.5
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 207 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
55231 Holiday centres and holiday villages



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   1.25     6.68    13.82
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0     3.43     8.12
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                               .78      7.7    17.93
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              31.65    47.12     85.5
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       23.71     7.35       .3
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .13      .76      1.6
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            17,593.0 28,316.6 40,099.0
                                                          9        7        9
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  12,133.2 14,442.5 17,775.3
                                                          6        2        7
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  39,743.6 63,338.2 86,351.5
                                                          4        4        3
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  30.97    21.63    19.54



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  7
=        8
Year -1  6
=        7
Year -2  9
=        8
Year -3  9
=        7

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                5.49      3.43      3.45
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                          5.33      3.31      3.32
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)               6.8      3.86      3.93
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                          17.35     11.48      11.9
Sales / Total Assets (%)                           30.75     28.83     27.92
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                            0.32       0.3      0.29
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                         2.97     -0.28     -4.82
Sales / Stocks                                     16.65     13.08     17.49
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )      0.61      0.54      0.64
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.32      0.98      0.64
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.67      0.37      0.22
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                         12.21      13.1     14.51
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.78      0.86      0.85
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                     10.99     11.18     12.41
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     6     10.04     10.56
Current Liabilities / Stocks                        1.55      1.64      2.35
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees     14,198.8 13,137.44 20,529.57
(GBP)                                                  5
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                  20.48     20.74     21.61
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)       12,023.3   7,269.5 11,305.11
                                                       5
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)               69,317.9 63,337.57 95,005.86
                                                       8
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees          218,975. 211,762.2 327,514.1
                                                       9
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        216,919. 211,941.8 332,093.9
                                                       5
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        225,417. 219,719.7 340,273.6
                                                       9
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                    38.59     28.42     28.34
Value Added / Sales (%)                            44.94     40.39     41.99
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)         31,152.8    25,580 39,888.95
                                                       5
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                 2.19      1.95      1.94
Sales / Audit Fees                              1,829.99  1,722.78   1,672.1
Total Assets / Audit Fees                       5,951.03  5,976.38  5,988.82
Creditors / Debtors                                 5.81     10.06      9.24
Total Debt / Working Capital                        10.5    -137.2     -9.12
Total Debt / Total Assets                            0.1      0.11      0.12

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 14,452,410

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: BJ Dixon Walsh Ltd

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2017


                             353 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                 March 1, 2017

                             PRESTON FARMS LIMITED

                                  BOTOLPH FARM
                                BOTOLPH CLAYDON
                                   BUCKINGHAM
                              BUCKINGHAM MK18 2LR


TRADE ADDRESS: Botolph Farm, Botolph Claydon, BUCKINGHAM MK18 2LR

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
FAX: 01296-715034
URL: www.griffithspreston.co.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 00804843

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: May 12, 1964
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name      Turnove
No.                                     r
01156095        BOTOLPH FARMS      94,167
                LTD.
-               -                       -
-               -                       -
-               -                       -
-               -                       -
-               -                       -
-               -                       -
-               -                       -
-               -                       -
-               -                       -

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    James Eley Preston, Farm Worker
     ·    David Andrew Toombs, Farm Manager
     ·    Lynda Jane Preston, Farmer


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Mixed farming
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
01500 - Hunting, trapping and game propagation including related service
activities

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: May 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: May 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  May 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  August 13, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  November 30, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  63,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/05/201 31/05/201 31/05/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            3,548,666 3,395,839 3,545,755
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                         3,548,666 3,395,839 3,545,755
Stocks                                       167,366   227,369   179,715
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                         200,817   136,901   136,990
Miscellaneous Current Assets                  49,688   157,328    43,607
Other Current Assets                         250,505   294,229   180,597
Total Current Assets                         417,871   521,598   360,312
Fixed Assets                               3,548,466 3,395,639 3,545,555
Intermediate Assets                              200       200       200
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               3,966,537 3,917,437 3,906,067



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/05/201 31/05/201 31/05/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            472,225   336,448   427,828
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                    472,225   336,448   427,828
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                  337,815   716,001   872,749
Total Current Liabilities                    472,225   336,448   427,828
Total Long Term Liabilities                  337,815   716,001   872,749
TOTAL LIABILITIES                            810,040 1,052,449 1,300,577
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry            10,000    10,000    10,000
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve              3,146,497 2,854,988 2,595,490
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                          3,156,497 2,864,988 2,605,490
Called Up Share Capital                        7,000     7,000     7,000
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)             3,000     3,000     3,000
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 3,494,312 3,580,989 3,478,239


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/05/201 31/05/201 31/05/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed   3,494,312 3,580,989 3,478,239
Net Worth          3,156,497 2,864,988 2,605,490
Working Capital       -54354   185,150    -67516
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets         1.25   1.55  44.79
Current Assets     -19.89  15.97 -68.32
Current             40.36  10.38  60.34
Liabilities
Capital Employed    -2.42   0.46  42.92
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 3,013 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
01300 Growing of crops combined with farming of
animals (mixed farming)



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -.98     3.01    12.04
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -.94     2.22     8.47
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -2.08     7.69    21.35
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               8.93    31.41    73.33
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        28.3        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                     .5     1.12     2.98
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -        -        -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  16,517.8 22,101.1 26,218.1
                                                          6        9        4
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  36,428.5 86,421.8 193,261.
                                                          7        8        9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  34.43    19.81    13.56



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  83
=
Year -1  83
=
Year -2  10
=         0
Year -3  10
=         0

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/05/201 31/05/201 31/05/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                0.88      1.55      0.84
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.53      0.87      0.42
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                    0.8      0.73      0.67
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                        2.82      1.48      2.38
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 3,494,312

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Harrison & Co

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2017


                             354 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 15, 2017

                               FARM CATERING LTD

                                 HOLDSHOTT FARM
                                      SHOP
                            HOLDSHOTT FARM HECKFIELD
                                 HOOK RG27 0JZ


TRADE ADDRESS: Holdshott Farm Shop Holdshott Farm Heckfield, HOOK RG27 0JZ

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01189326650
URL: www.pfo-shop.co.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 07710334

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: July 19, 2011
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Kathleen Lillian David, Caterer


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Retail sale of fruit and vegetables in specialised stores

INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Normal   Medium sized unquoted company exempt from filing a
turnover figure

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
47210
47220
47240

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: August 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: August 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  August 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  March 8, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  November 1, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  17,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/08/201 31/08/201 31/08/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                9,808    12,474    11,032
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                             9,808    12,474    11,032
Stocks                                             -     9,376    14,279
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -     3,138     4,045
Miscellaneous Current Assets                  24,573    24,358    14,202
Other Current Assets                          24,573    27,496    18,247
Total Current Assets                          24,573    36,872    32,526
Fixed Assets                                   9,808    12,474    11,032
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                  34,381    49,346    43,558



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/08/201 31/08/201 31/08/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities              5,096    18,710    14,297
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                      5,096    18,710    14,297
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                      5,096    18,710    14,297
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                              5,096    18,710    14,297
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry            29,285       100       100
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0    30,536    29,161
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                             29,285    30,636    29,261
Called Up Share Capital                            -       100       100
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)            29,285         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                    29,285    30,636    29,261


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/08/201 31/08/201 31/08/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed      29,285    30,636    29,261
Net Worth             29,285    30,636    29,261
Working Capital       19,477    18,162    18,229
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets       -30.33 -21.07  -9.17
Current Assets     -33.36 -24.45  -0.56
Current            -72.76 -64.36  -77.3
Liabilities
Capital Employed    -4.41   0.08   90.2
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 994 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
52210 Retail sale of fruit and vegetables



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                   Lower Media  Upper
                                                             n
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                4.79 33.14   85.5
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       0  7.16  38.82
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              0  1.63   4.88
Sales / Total Assets (%)                           329.6 490.3 1,112.
                                                       9     4      5
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x    29.44     0      0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                 .47   .91   1.59
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -     -      -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)      -     -      -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -     -      -
Wages / Turnover (%)                                   -     -      -



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  7
=        2
Year -1  7
=        7
Year -2  2
=        5
Year -3  2
=        1

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/08/201 31/08/201 31/08/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                4.82      1.97      2.28
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  4.82      1.47      1.28
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.85      0.62      0.67
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         2         1
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 29,285

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2017


                             355 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2016 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               December 15, 2016

                         GEOFFREY MAYHEW FARMS LIMITED

                                POND FARM HOUSE
                              WARREN LANE ERWARTON
                                    IPSWICH
                                Ipswich IP9 1LH


TRADE ADDRESS: Pond Farm House Warren Lane Erwarton, Ipswich IP9 1LH

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 07466543

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: December 10, 2010
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  GEOFFREY MAYHEW FARMS (HOLDINGS) LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  GEOFFREY MAYHEW FARMS (HOLDINGS) LIMITED

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mrs Kim Mayhew, Farm Administrator
     ·    Mr Geoffrey Peter Mayhew, Director


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Small unquoted company filing only a modified balance sheet

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
01110 - Growing of cereals and other crops not elsewhere classified
01120 - Growing of vegetables, horticultural specialities and nursery products

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  November 17, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  November 30, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  55,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            9,255,000 9,302,000 9,210,000
Intangible Assets                                  0         0         0
Total Fixed Assets                         9,255,000 9,302,000 9,210,000
Stocks                                       408,000   320,000   385,000
Debtors                                            0         0         0
Cash                                          91,000         0         0
Miscellaneous Current Assets                 167,000   243,000   325,000
Other Current Assets                         258,000   243,000   325,000
Total Current Assets                         666,000   563,000   710,000
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        0         0         0
Due From Group, Current                            0         0         0
TOTAL ASSETS                               9,921,000 9,865,000 9,920,000



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          0         0         0
Bank Overdraft                                     0         0         0
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            339,000   485,000   434,000
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              0         0         0
Due To Directors, Current                          0         0         0
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          0         0         0
Due To Directors, Non Current                      0         0         0
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                    339,000   485,000   434,000
Total Long Term Liabilities                9,144,000 9,163,000 9,257,000
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          9,483,000 9,648,000 9,691,000
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 0         0         0
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                438,000   217,000   229,000
Revaluation Reserve                                0         0         0
Shareholder Funds                            438,000   217,000   229,000
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 9,582,000 9,380,000 9,486,000


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed   9,582,000 9,380,000 9,486,000
Net Worth            438,000   217,000   229,000
Working Capital      327,000    78,000   276,000
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             0         0         0
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            -      1      0
Current Assets          -     18     -6
Current                 -    -30    -22
Liabilities
Capital Employed        -      2      1
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 3,980 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
01110 Growing of cereals and other crops not elsewhere
classified



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -0.29     3.52    12.35
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -0.59     2.25     8.46
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -1.34     5.03    19.88
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               8.75    47.23   111.26
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       38.94    16.59     0.00
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   0.77     1.62     3.95
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -        -        -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  15,691.4 23,597.6 31,610.1
                                                          9        2        7
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  53,937.5 132,000. 275,777.
                                                          0        0        7
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  28.64    16.31    10.24



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  7
=        3
Year -1  7
=        2
Year -2  7
=        2
Year -3  8
=        0

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.96      1.16      1.64
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.76      0.50      0.75
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.04      0.02      0.02
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                        0.83      1.52      1.13
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 9,582,000

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016


                             356 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 14, 2017

                    LYDIATE FARM MANAGEMENT COMPANY LIMITED

                                 6 LYDIATE FARM
                                    HESWALL
                                     WIRRAL
                                WIRRAL CH47 2EE


TRADE ADDRESS: 2 The Quadrant Hoylake, WIRRAL CH47 2EE

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 05070639

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: March 11, 2004
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Madeleine Mary Mitchell, Civil Servant
     ·    Mr Stephen Brian Mansel Roberts, Retired
     ·    Dr Keeling Edgar Lewis, Retired Technologist


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    MrStephen BrianRoberts


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Other letting and operating of own or leased real estate
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited company without share capital::Private Limited
company without share capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68209

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: April 5, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  April 5, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Dormant
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  April 14, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  March 1, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  12,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           05/04/201 05/04/201 05/04/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       -         -         -
Other Current Assets                               -         -         -
Total Current Assets                               -         -         -
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                       0         0         0



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           05/04/201 05/04/201 05/04/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   05/04/201 05/04/201 05/04/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed           0         0         0
Net Worth                  0         0         0
Working Capital            -         -         -
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0      0      0
Current Assets          -      -      -
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      0      0
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 59,273 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
70200 Letting of own property



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     3.03    11.52
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0     2.14     6.41
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0    21.62    61.19
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               4.38     7.69    30.85
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       12.15        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .08       .6     2.26
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            27,864.5 79,369.5 161,438.
                                                          1        9        4
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,800 23,120.3 39,861.1
                                                                   7        1
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    70,000 168,352.  404,200
                                                                   9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  29.98     15.9     8.02



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  5
=        9
Year -1  5
=        9
Year -2  5
=        9
Year -3  9
=        7

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                05/04/01 05/04/201 05/04/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      -         -         -
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 0         0         0
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               0         0         0
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              0         0         0
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2017


                             357 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 13, 2017

                    EASTBROOK FARM ORGANIC FAST FOOD LIMITED

                                 EASTBROOK FARM
                                  BISHOPSTONE
                                    SWINDON
                                SWINDON SN6 8PW


TRADE ADDRESS: Eastbrook Farm Bishopstone, SWINDON SN6 8PW

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 05067233

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: March 9, 2004
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  EASTBROOK FARM ORGANIC MEATS LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  EASTBROOK FARM ORGANIC MEATS LIMITED

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Timothy John Finney, Director
     ·    Helen Mary Browning, Director


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Take-away food shops and mobile food stands
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
56103

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  December 19, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  March 9, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  12,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                2,127     2,842     3,790
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                             2,127     2,842     3,790
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       -         -         -
Other Current Assets                               -         -         -
Total Current Assets                               -         -         -
Fixed Assets                                   2,127     2,842     3,790
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                   2,127     2,842     3,790



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities             88,567    88,567    88,567
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                     88,567    88,567    88,567
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                     88,567    88,567    88,567
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                             88,567    88,567    88,567
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry            12,595    12,595    12,595
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                 -99035    -98320    -97372
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                             -86440    -85725    -84777
Called Up Share Capital                          775       775       775
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)            11,820    11,820    11,820
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                    -86440    -85725    -84777


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed      -86440    -85725    -84777
Net Worth             -86440    -85725    -84777
Working Capital       -88567    -88567    -88567
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets       -25.16 -43.88  -58.1
Current Assets          -      -      -
Current                 0      0   0.34
Liabilities
Capital Employed     0.83   1.96   3.91
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 10,049 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
55303 Take away food shops



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                   Lower Media   Upper
                                                             n
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                 .84 26.55      75
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                   -20.8   8.7   32.61
                                                       3
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                          -4.17  1.92    6.38
Sales / Total Assets (%)                           206.6   500 1,174.1
                                                       6             9
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        0     0       0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                 .22   .75    1.29
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -     -       -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)      -     -       -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -     -       -
Wages / Turnover (%)                               31.48 27.73    21.7



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  4
=        4
Year -1  4
=        4
Year -2  5
=
Year -3  4
=        7

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                 -40.64    -30.16    -22.37
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP -86440

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2017


                             358 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2016 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               December 26, 2016

                       THE CHRISTOPHER HIGGINS FOUNDATION

                                 THE FARM HOUSE
                               PRIMROSE HILL FARM
                               MEADOWSWEET AVENUE
                               BIRMINGHAM B38 9QW


TRADE ADDRESS: The Farm House Primrose Hill Farm, BIRMINGHAM B38 9QW

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 07888805

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: December 21, 2011
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Susan Janet Higgins, Director
     ·    Mr Christopher Michael Higgins, Director
     ·    Sir Robert Dowling, Headmaster


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Social work activities without accommodation
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
88000

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Dormant
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  September 22, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  December 21, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  17,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       -         -         -
Other Current Assets                               -         -         -
Total Current Assets                               -         -         -
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                       0         0         0



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed           0         0         0
Net Worth                  0         0         0
Working Capital            -         -         -
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0      0      0
Current Assets          -      -      -
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      0      0
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 17,091 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
85320 Social work activities without accommodation



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -7.33     1.82    18.11
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -5.88     1.25    14.58
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -6.01     1.34    11.07
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               62.5   143.75   262.75
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        10.2        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                      1     1.63     4.76
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            16,349.0 23,238.6 31,623.2
                                                          6        4        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    13,600 19,249.2 25,290.1
                                                                   2
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  22,511.0   34,000   56,000
                                                          4
Wages / Turnover (%)                                     68    55.68    37.28



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  8
=        5
Year -1  8
=        5
Year -2  9
=        1
Year -3  6
=        7

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      -         -         -
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 0         0         0
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               0         0         0
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              0         0         0
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2016


                             359 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      July 16, 1984, Monday, Final Edition

Funds Shifted for Farm Operating Loans

BYLINE: By Norman D. Atkins and Spencer Rich

SECTION: First Section; The Federal Report; The Federal Triangle; A9

LENGTH: 150 words


Agriculture Secretary John R. Block announced last week that $250 million has
been shifted out of two rural development programs and will be lent to farmers
to cover operating expenses.

The funds will add to a record $1.91 billion already budgeted for Farmers Home
Administration farm operating loans this fiscal year.

The total includes $150 million in direct loans being taken from a single-family
housing program and $100 million in loan guarantees moved from a program for
rural business and industry.

The move was expected and had been criticized by rural housing advocates. But
Block claimed that the funds would not be needed in the remaining 12 weeks of
fiscal 1984.

Farmers usually borrow their operating capital early in the year before planting
crops. But Block said, "This move will help ensure that farmers' needs for
credit to finance this year's production will be met."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1984 The Washington Post


                             360 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                              Farm Plus Financial

                            9898 Rosemont Ave.  #202
                              Lone Tree,  CO 80124
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (866) 929-5585
FAX: (866) 509-3407
URL: www.farmloans.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 35

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Farm Plus Financial specializes in providing Colorado farm loans, Colorado
ranch loans and farm operating line of credit loans to Colorado farmers,
ranchers and agricultural business owners for the lowest interest rates,
starting at 2.60%. Farm Plus Financial is proud to call Colorado home with two
Colorado locations and their main headquarters based at the foot of the rocky
mountains in Lone Tree, Colorado, just south of Denver, CO. Colorado is known
for its 300+ days of sunshine and breathtaking mountain range that encourages
our Colorado outdoor-loving lifestyle. The rest of the nation knows us for being
the "Napa Valley" of beer, our high altitude and the extreme weather that comes
with it. However, Colorado is also home to over 31 million acres of farm land
and ranch land with agricultural products ranging from beef, barley, sugar
beets, corn and dairy to the fruits of the vineyards and orchards of the
Palisades and beyond. As you know, being a farmer in Colorado means being able
to adapt to the weather and ultimately defeating the curves that mother-nature
can throw at Colorado farmers and ranchers.  Acquiring a Colorado farm loan for
farming and ranching purposes can sometimes be a daunting task. We understand
the difficulties you face as a Colorado farmer and we aim to take the pressure
off and simplify the farm loan process. Farm Plus Financial calls Colorado home
with two Colorado farm loan locations to better serve you. If you are interested
in a Colorado farm loan

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 7,000,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             361 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Orland Press Register (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 13, 2009 Friday

Bigger loans for farmers

BYLINE: Lydia Harris, Orland Press Register, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 407 words


Nov. 13--The chances for farmers and ranchers getting bigger loan guarantees
improved recently.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency announced recently that
the maximum amount in its Guaranteed Loan Program was increased to $1.1 million.

The program provides a guarantee on loans to farmers and ranchers "who do not
qualify for credit anywhere else. We will guarantee 90 percent of a loan to
establish credit through a bank," said Donald Perez, executive director of the
FSA in Glenn County.

Applications are processed locally, but the program is funded on the national
level, Perez said.

County FSA Farm Loan Manager Michele Larrick said, "we work with 10-15 banks,
including farm credits and land banks.

"People apply to a local bank for the guarantee program and the bank helps them
fill out the application," Larrick said.

The loan guarantees are restricted to agricultural needs such as farm ownership,
equipment, feed and fertilizer, farm improvements, purchasing livestock and
water for irrigation and other operating expenses.

"Anything that has to be paid for every year," Larrick said. That includes loans
to construct buildings and make farm improvements.

In addition to having good credit, another restriction is farm or ranch size.
"They cannot be larger than a family-size farm" and the applicants "must provide
most of the labor requirements," she said.

Most applicants are "young or beginning farmers who lack secondary security"
that would provide collateral for conventional bank loans, she said.

The FSA office in Willows processes between 50 and 70 loan guarantee
applications a year, split about evenly between Glenn and Colusa counties,
Larrick said.

In the last 20 years, the program has paid out on only two or three loans, she
added.

FSA also offers direct loans under a different program with different criteria.

Contact Lydia Harris at 934-6800 or lharris@tcnpress.com

INFORMATION

For more information, visit www.fsa.usda.gov and click on Farm Loan Programs or
call 934-4669.

To see more of the Orland Press Register or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.orland-press-register.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Orland Press Register,
Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091113-YI-Bigger-loans-for-farmers-1113

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YI


                                 Copyright 2009


                             362 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Clovis News Journal (New Mexico)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 1, 2011 Friday

BRIEF: Disaster loans available for small, non-farm businesses

BYLINE: Clovis News Journal, N.M.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 212 words


July 01--Small, non-farm businesses in Curry, Roosevelt and Quay counties can
apply for low-interest disaster loans from the U.S. Small Business
Administration, according to a news release from the SBA.

Small non-farm businesses, small agricultural cooperatives and most private,
non-profit organizations may qualify for Economic Injury Disaster Loans of up to
$2 million. The loans aim to help with financial obligations and operating
expenses that could have been met if the drought, excessive heat, high winds and
wildfires that began Jan. 1 in Texas hadn't occurred, according to the release.

The deadline to apply is Feb. 24, 2012.

Applicants may apply online at https://disasterloan.sba.gov/ela.

Information and application forms: SBA Customer Service Center at (800)
659-2955, by e-mail to disastercustomerservice@sba.gov, or at
www.sba.gov/services/disasterassistance. Hearing impaired individuals may call
(800) 877-8339.

To see more of The Clovis News Journal or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.clovis-news-nm.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Clovis News Journal, N.M.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110701-CJ-BRF-Disaster-loans-available-for-small-non-farm
-businesses-0701-20110701

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CJ


                       Copyright 2011 Clovis News Journal


                             363 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 14, 2017

                              MILNER FARMS LIMITED

                                C/O RECTORY GAS
                                  SPARROW HALL
                                  SCRAYINGHAM
                                      YORK
                                 YORK YO41 1JD


TRADE ADDRESS: Rectory Farm Scrayingham, YORK YO41 1JD

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
FAX: 01759-371004

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 00939422

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: September 25, 1968
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  MILNER FARMS (HOLDINGS) LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  MILNER FARMS (HOLDINGS) LIMITED



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name                       Turnove
No.                                                      r
00095577        WESTGATE BRICK COMPANY             399,861
                LIMITED(THE)
-               -                                        -
-               -                                        -
-               -                                        -
-               -                                        -
-               -                                        -
-               -                                        -
-               -                                        -
-               -                                        -
-               -                                        -

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Edward Milner, Farmer
     ·    Mr James Edward Milner, Farm Manager
     ·    Mrs Helen Patricia Milner, Secretary


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Growing of cereals (except rice), leguminous crops and oil
seeds
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Normal   Company acting as agents

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
01110 - Growing of cereals and other crops not elsewhere classified
01100 - Growing of crops; market gardening; horticulture

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: May 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: May 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  May 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Full Accounts
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  November 24, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  December 31, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  22,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/05/201 31/05/201 31/05/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                 378,292   378,292   378,292
Other Current Assets                         378,292   378,292   378,292
Total Current Assets                         378,292   378,292   378,292
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                      378,292   378,292   378,292
TOTAL ASSETS                                 378,292   378,292   378,292



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/05/201 31/05/201 31/05/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry            18,001    18,001    18,001
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                360,291   360,291   360,291
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                            378,292   378,292   378,292
Called Up Share Capital                       18,001    18,001    18,001
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/05/201 31/05/201 31/05/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed     378,292   378,292   378,292
Net Worth            378,292   378,292   378,292
Working Capital      378,292   378,292   378,292
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0      0      0
Current Assets          0      0      0
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      0      0
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 6,023 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
55100 Hotels



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -.04     3.67    10.68
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -1.31     2.25     6.21
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -1.69     4.22    13.65
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              26.36    48.32   110.42
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       15.31     7.85     2.25
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .14       .5     1.16
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            16,143.6 20,797.2 31,504.7
                                                          7        8
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  11,551.7 13,925.7 18,004.3
                                                          2        9        6
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  33,678.6 44,034.2 72,885.1
                                                          5        1        8
Wages / Turnover (%)                                   37.8    31.13    24.64



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  9
=        0
Year -1  9
=        0
Year -2  8
=        6
Year -3  8
=        4

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/05/201 31/05/201 31/05/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      1         1         1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Brown Butler

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2017


                             364 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                               February 18, 2017

                    LITTLEPORT MUSHROOM FARMS (2011) LIMITED

                                  HAINEY FARM
                                  BARWAY ROAD
                                      ELY
                                  ELY CB7 5TZ


TRADE ADDRESS: Hainey Farm Barway Road, ELY CB7 5TZ

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 07914457

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: January 18, 2012
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 11

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  LITTLEPORT MUSHROOM FARMS LLP
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  LITTLEPORT MUSHROOM FARMS LLP

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr David Thompson Thompson, Director
     ·    Mr Peter Jeremy Sargeant, Company Director


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Growing of vegetables and melons, roots and tubers
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Normal   Company acting as agents

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
01130 - Growing of fruit, nuts, beverage and spice crops

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: April 6, 2016

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  April 6, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Full Accounts
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  February 6, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  May 2, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  20,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           06/04/201 06/04/201 03/05/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                6,634    16,375    25,163
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                             6,634    16,375    25,163
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -    31,381
Cash                                           4,570    37,745     3,768
Miscellaneous Current Assets                  53,842    24,961    24,253
Other Current Assets                          58,412    62,706    28,021
Total Current Assets                          58,412    62,706    59,402
Fixed Assets                                   6,634    16,375    25,163
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                       53,757         -    24,253
TOTAL ASSETS                                  65,046    79,081    84,565



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           06/04/201 06/04/201 03/05/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -       157
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities             37,451    62,172    72,060
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                       4,865         -     4,486
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                     32,586    62,172    67,574
Short Term Loans                               4,865         -     4,486
Long Term Loans                                    -         -     9,572
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -     9,572
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                      730     7,472     1,120
Total Current Liabilities                     37,451    62,172    72,217
Total Long Term Liabilities                      730     7,472    10,692
TOTAL LIABILITIES                             38,181    69,644    82,909
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 1         1         1
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                 26,864     9,436     1,655
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                             26,865     9,437     1,656
Called Up Share Capital                            1         1         1
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                    27,595    16,909    12,348


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   06/04/201 06/04/201 03/05/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales          487,252         -   275,518
Cost of Sales        451,833         -   261,698
Gross Profit          35,419         -    13,820
Operating Profit      22,247         -     2,007
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          0         -        10
Interest Payable         563         -         -
Pretax Profit         21,684         -     2,017
Taxation               4,256         -     1,120
Profit After Tax      17,428         -       897
Dividends Payable          0         -         0
Retained Profits      17,428         -       897
Value Added          482,154         -    10,558
Capital Employed      27,595    16,909    12,348
Net Worth             26,865     9,437     1,656
Working Capital       20,961       534    -12815
Emp. Renumeration    451,833         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          0         -         0
Audit Fees             2,500         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation           8,074         -     8,551
Number of                 11         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -  76.85      -
Pretax                  - 975.06      -
Total Assets       -17.75 -23.08 -39.79
Current Assets      -6.85  -1.67  -37.5
Current            -39.76 -48.14 -65.09
Liabilities
Capital Employed     63.2 123.48 3,535.
                                      7
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 1,098 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
01120 Growing of vegetables, horticultural
specialities and nursery products



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -.74     6.04    18.68
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -.68     3.87    10.92
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -.47     3.18     9.46
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              79.41   133.18   202.48
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       40.54    20.16        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .61     1.21     2.42
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            24,297.5 30,897.7 42,192.1
                                                          8        9
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  16,759.6 20,338.1 25,995.2
                                                          5        5        8
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  51,009.9 90,563.5 185,538.
                                                          4        3        2
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  39.12    22.78     12.3



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  8
=        7
Year -1  7
=        4
Year -2  8
=        6
Year -3  3
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                06/04/01 06/04/201 03/05/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)               78.58         -     16.33
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                         33.34         -      2.39
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)             80.71         -     121.8
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                           4.45         -      0.73
Sales / Total Assets (%)                          749.09         -    325.81
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                           73.45         -     10.95
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                          4.3         -     -4.65
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -     41.57
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.56      1.01      0.82
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  1.56      1.01      0.82
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                         18.11         -    848.91
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.41      0.12      0.02
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -    578.02
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                  2.53         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees     41,075.7         -         -
(GBP)                                                  3
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                  92.73         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)       1,971.27         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)               44,295.6         -         -
                                                       4
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees          2,508.64         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)          603.09         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        5,913.27         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                      4.5         -      19.1
Value Added / Sales (%)                            98.95         -      3.83
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)         43,832.1         -         -
                                                       8
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                 1.07         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                 194.9         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                          26.02         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -      0.01
Total Debt / Working Capital                        0.23         -      -1.1
Total Debt / Total Assets                           0.07         -      0.17

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 27,595

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Grant Thornton UK LLP

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2017


                             365 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                January 16, 2017

                           PORK FARMS CASPIAN LIMITED

                             C/O PORK FARMS LIMITED
                               PORK FARMS LIMITED
                                  QUEENS DRIVE
                                   NOTTINGHAM
                               NOTTINGHAM NG2 1LU


TRADE ADDRESS: C/o Pork Farms Limited Pork Farms Limited, NOTTINGHAM NG2 1LU

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01159866462

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 09104836

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: June 26, 2014
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 1,231

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Gareth John Voyle, None
     ·    Graham Paul Rutter, Director
     ·    Mr Christopher Peters, None
     ·    Mr Mark Anthony Hodson, None
     ·    Kenneth Mcgill, None


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    Graham PaulRutter


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Manufacture of other food products n.e.c.
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Normal   Company acting as agents

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
10890

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 26, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 26, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Full Accounts
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  December 28, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  June 26, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  1,440,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           26/03/201 28/03/201         -
                                                   6         5
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            15,994,00 13,680,00         -
                                                   0         0
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                         15,994,00 13,680,00         -
                                                   0         0
Stocks                                     3,611,000 3,635,000         -
Debtors                                    14,944,00 14,574,00         -
                                                   0         0
Cash                                       10,251,00 11,222,00         -
                                                   0         0
Miscellaneous Current Assets               3,966,000 4,865,000         -
Other Current Assets                       14,217,00 16,087,00         -
                                                   0         0
Total Current Assets                       32,772,00 34,296,00         -
                                                   0         0
Fixed Assets                               15,994,00 13,680,00         -
                                                   0         0
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                      885,000   399,000         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               48,766,00 47,976,00         -
                                                   0         0



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           26/03/201 28/03/201         -
                                                   6         5
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                  10,826,00 11,395,00         -
                                                   0         0
Bank Overdraft                             6,311,000 5,602,000         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities          6,478,000 6,845,000         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                  6,478,000 6,845,000         -
Short Term Loans                           6,311,000 5,602,000         -
Long Term Loans                            28,129,00 26,721,00         -
                                                   0         0
Long Term Bank Loan                        3,409,000 4,242,000         -
Other Long Term Finance                    24,720,00 22,479,00         -
                                                   0         0
Due To Group, Non Current                  24,720,00 22,479,00         -
                                                   0         0
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                  403,000   478,000         -
Total Current Liabilities                  23,615,00 23,842,00         -
                                                   0         0
Total Long Term Liabilities                28,532,00 27,199,00         -
                                                   0         0
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          52,147,00 51,041,00         -
                                                   0         0
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve               -3381000  -3065000         -
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                           -3381000  -3065000         -
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 25,151,00 24,134,00         -
                                                   0         0


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   26/03/2016 28/03/201  -
                                      5
                          GBP       GBP GB
                                         P
Total Sales        112,298,00 69,865,00  -
                            0         0
Cost of Sales      85,115,000 56,673,00  -
                                      0
Gross Profit       27,183,000 13,192,00  -
                                      0
Operating Profit    2,053,000  -1713000  -
Export                      -         -  -
Nontrading Income     270,000   237,000  -
Interest Payable      398,000   277,000  -
Pretax Profit         -316000  -3065000  -
Taxation                    -         -  -
Profit After Tax      -316000  -3065000  -
Dividends Payable           0         0  -
Retained Profits      -316000  -3065000  -
Value Added        32,894,000 26,365,00  -
                                      0
Capital Employed   25,151,000 24,134,00  -
                                      0
Net Worth            -3381000  -3065000  -
Working Capital     9,157,000 10,454,00  -
                                      0
Emp. Renumeration  28,669,000 26,702,00  -
                                      0
Dir. Renumeration           0         0  -
Audit Fees             45,000    30,000  -
Non-audit Fees          9,000     3,000  -
Depreciation        2,172,000 1,376,000  -
Number of               1,231     1,216  -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                      26/03/201 28/03/201  -
                                                              6         5
                                                            GBP       GBP GB
                                                                           P
Net Cashflow From Operating Activities                        -   -139000  -
Net Cashflow From Return On Investment And Servicing          -         -  -
Of Finance
Net Cashflow Before Financing                                 - 1,574,000  -
Net Cashflow From Financing                                   - 9,648,000  -
Increase In Cash                                              - 11,222,00  -
                                                                        0

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales               60.74      -      -
Pretax             -89.69      -      -
Total Assets         1.65      -      -
Current Assets      -4.44      -      -
Current             -0.95      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed     4.21      -      -
Employee Wages       7.37      -      -
Number of            1.23      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 876 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
15899 Manufacture of other food products not
elsewhere classified



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   3.91    13.86    23.62
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                        .02      7.5    12.17
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                               .55     3.58     7.79
Sales / Total Assets (%)                             147.43   201.61   272.11
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       55.91    38.66     22.3
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .42        1     1.89
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            29,753.0 35,882.3 45,727.0
                                                          6        1        6
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  19,439.7 23,075.0 28,936.4
                                                          7        1        7
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    97,691 138,053. 222,919.
                                                                   7        1
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  20.97    15.52    11.86



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  3
=        4
Year -1  3
=
Year -2  -
=
Year -3  -
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                    6/03/201 28/03/201 -
                                                           6         5
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -1.26     -12.7 -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -0.65     -6.39 -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                  9.35       100 -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -0.28     -4.39 -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              230.28    145.62 -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                                7.02      5.11 -
Export / Sales (%)                                         -         - -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                             8.15     14.96 -
Sales / Stocks                                          31.1     19.22 -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales ) x       48.57     76.14 -
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    1.39      1.44 -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                      1.23      1.29 -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                          -1018.63  -1054.58 -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      -0.07     -0.06 -
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                       -831.97   -871.81 -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     113.6   -107.66 -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                            6.54      6.56 -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)   23,289.2 21,958.88 -
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      25.53     38.22 -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)             -256.7  -2520.56 -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   91,225.0 57,454.77 -
                                                           2
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees              20,431.3 19,847.04 -
                                                           6
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)            12,992.6    11,250 -
                                                           9
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)            39,614.9 39,453.95 -
                                                           5
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -0.96    -11.63 -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                29.29     37.74 -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)             26,721.3 21,681.74 -
                                                           6
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                     1.15      0.99 -
Sales / Audit Fees                                  2,495.51  2,328.83 -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                           1,083.69   1,599.2 -
Creditors / Debtors                                     0.72      0.78 -
Total Debt / Working Capital                            3.76      3.09 -
Total Debt / Total Assets                               0.71      0.67 -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 25,151,000

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: KPMG LLP

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2017


                             366 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2016 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               December 30, 2016

                    GEOFFREY MAYHEW FARMS (HOLDINGS) LIMITED

                                   POND FARM
                                     HOUSE
                              WARREN LANE ERWARTON
                                IPSWICH IP9 1LH


TRADE ADDRESS: Pond Farm House Warren Lane Erwarton, IPSWICH IP9 1LH

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 07761395

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: September 5, 2011
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name                 Turnove
No.                                                r
07466543        GEOFFREY MAYHEW FARMS              0
                LIMITED
-               -                                  -
-               -                                  -
-               -                                  -
-               -                                  -
-               -                                  -
-               -                                  -
-               -                                  -
-               -                                  -
-               -                                  -

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Geoffrey Peter Mayhew, Director
     ·    Mrs Kim Mayhew, Farm Administrator


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Activities of holding companies
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
64200 - Telecommunications

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  December 15, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  September 5, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  180,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    1         1         1
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 1         1         1
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets               8,437,601 8,437,601 8,437,601
Other Current Assets                       8,437,601 8,437,601 8,437,601
Total Current Assets                       8,437,601 8,437,601 8,437,601
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                1         1         1
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               8,437,602 8,437,602 8,437,602



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry         8,437,602 8,437,602 8,437,602
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                          8,437,602 8,437,602 8,437,602
Called Up Share Capital                        3,000     3,000     3,000
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)         8,434,602 8,434,602 8,434,602
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed   8,437,602 8,437,602 8,437,602
Net Worth          8,437,602 8,437,602 8,437,602
Working Capital    8,437,601 8,437,601 8,437,601
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0      0   0.53
Current Assets          0      0   0.53
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      0   0.53
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 23,192 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
74150 Management activities of holding companies



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -.77      .45    13.19
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -1.52      .06     7.11
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0     30.7    97.42
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                  0        0    11.35
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        1.33        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .03      .91     2.85
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            -1472.02 46,236.1 131,243.
                                                                   2        1
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  24,994.8 49,686.0 100,861.
                                                          2        4        7
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                         0 46,760.6 190,979.
                                                                   4        1
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  73.71    36.25    18.87



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  9
=        4
Year -1  9
=        4
Year -2  8
=        7
Year -3  -
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      1         1         1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2017


                             367 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2016 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                               September 19, 2016

                           BARN FARM STORAGE LIMITED

                                   BARN FARM
                                   BIRCHOVER
                                    MATLOCK
                                MATLOCK DE4 2BL


TRADE ADDRESS: Barn Farm Birchover, MATLOCK DE4 2BL

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01629650245
URL: www.barnfarmcamping.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 07371108

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: September 9, 2010
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  BARN FARM CAMPSITE LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  BARN FARM CAMPSITE LIMITED

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Gilbert Harvey Heathcote, Farmer


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    Mark BenjaminCooper


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Other service activities n.e.c.
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
96090

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  September 14, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  September 9, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  24,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                          29,822     6,918       435
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0     9,900    14,100
Other Current Assets                          29,822    16,818    14,535
Total Current Assets                          29,822    16,818    14,535
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                  29,822    16,818    14,535



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities             16,507     6,275     6,332
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                     16,507     6,275     6,332
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                     16,507     6,275     6,332
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                             16,507     6,275     6,332
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 1         1         1
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                 13,314    10,542     8,202
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                             13,315    10,543     8,203
Called Up Share Capital                            1         1         1
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                    13,315    10,543     8,203


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed      13,315    10,543     8,203
Net Worth             13,315    10,543     8,203
Working Capital       13,315    10,543     8,203
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets        77.32 105.17 161.69
Current Assets      77.32 105.17 161.69
Current            163.06 160.69 395.56
Liabilities
Capital Employed    26.29  62.32   65.1
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 51,512 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
93050 Other service activities not elsewhere classified



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -1.56    14.73    63.04
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -.57     7.63    38.84
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -.22     5.64    25.86
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              68.27   159.04   304.62
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       11.65        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .55     1.03     1.97
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            21,440.2 36,861.8 54,174.9
                                                          7        5        7
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  11,128.6 18,062.5 24,493.5
                                                          9                 2
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  23,586.9 34,835.7 86,283.0
                                                          6        1        2
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  69.44     47.7       25



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  7
=        6
Year -1  7
=        9
Year -2  4
=        5
Year -3  7
=        6

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.81      2.68       2.3
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  1.81      2.68       2.3
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.45      0.63      0.56
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 13,315

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Mills & Black

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2017


                             368 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 23, 1986, Sunday, Final Edition

Farm Belt's Year of Protest Gives Way to a Silent Spring;
As Crisis Continues, Resignation Sets In

BYLINE: By Ward Sinclair, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A1

LENGTH: 1625 words

DATELINE: TRENTON, Mo.


A year or so ago, Ervin Gray and some other farmers decided the farm debt crisis
was so severe here in north-central Missouri that they needed to form a
committee to tell their story and try to get some relief.

Committee members got the attention they wanted. Their congressman, some state
officials and the news media listened to the grim economic picture they
rendered. But there was no relief. President Reagan vetoed a debt-assistance
package, land prices continued to slide, farm prices went lower and the new farm
bill passed by Congress in December promised only more of the same.

Today, the agricultural debt crisis continues unabated here and across the rest
of the Midwestern grain belt, but there is a difference. In place of last year's
huge rallies, marches on Washington and demands for help, there is silence.
Sullen, bitter, despairing silence.

Ervin Gray took a break from a tractor repair job the other day and talked about
the change. "We brought this to public attention, but our committee now is in a
holding pattern, I reckon," he said. "It's more serious out here than what
people think. But the protests don't seem to do any good and the feeling now is
that there's nothing left."

Wayne Wendt, a farmer who headed the committee, added: "We have reached a void
as to what we can do. We were trying to draw attention to the problem, but
there's not a whole lot you can do once you've explained the problem. A
political process has to occur to affect the situation."

"We have moved from a farming crisis into a lending institution crisis," he
continued. "When the farmer is out here sucking eggs by himself, he has no
influence. But lenders do and when they begin to complain, maybe things will
happen."

In hard-pressed Iowa, a center for much of the farm-crisis protest movement
since 1983, the resignation level parallels Missouri's. "It is as though the
lenders and borrowers are sitting, waiting for something to happen," said Neil
Harl, an agricultural economics professor at Iowa State University. "But they
now realize that spring is coming and they have to face up to it."

"Some thought that Congress would solve this, but it has been a series of
trip-hammer blows for most of them -- the new farm bill, the
Gramm-Rudman-Hollings budget balancing moves, the prospect of lower commodity
prices . . . . The people who are in trouble now are our best managers, farmers
who are just not emotionally suited to screaming and carrying ax handles," Harl
said.

New Agriculture Secretary Richard E. Lyng reiterated during his first week in
office that farmers cannot expect more from Washington. He said the
administration has no plans to provide additional credit aid beyond the
administration's recent agreement to transfer $750 million into the depleted
direct operating loan accounts of the Farmers Home Administration (FmHA).

Lyng said the administration intends to continue to emphasize the use of
guaranteed loans to help farmers through spring planting, despite reluctance by
many commercial lenders to participate in the program. The secretary said he was
"not closing the door" to considering other approaches later.

Here in Missouri, the news from Washington offers little succor.

All across the northern part of the state, where a rash of bad weather since
1980 has exacerbated the problems of land deflation and low market prices, the
story and the sentiment seem the same: depressed. Land prices have fallen by
about half since 1981, farm bankruptcies and foreclosures have thrown thousands
of acres of land onto a stagnant market and lenders are tightening the purse
strings.

Farmers Home Administration statistics underline the severity of the situation.
FmHA has an inventory of 123,000 acres of repossessed Missouri farmland -- more
than it holds in any other state -- and about 80 percent of it is being kept off
the market lest land prices be depressed even further. A fourth of Missouri FmHA
loans were delinquent at the end of 1985, and the delinquency rates were double
and triple that in the northern counties.

"Resignation is a fairly accurate description," said Rep. E. Thomas Coleman
(R-Mo.), who represents the state's north-central region. "Farmers are
recognizing that unless there is a real turnaround, many cannot continue . . .
They recognize that the 'transition' is here and that it takes more than a new
farm bill to solve our problems."

Tom Nee, Grundy County supervisor of the FmHA, agreed. "I'm seeing a lot more
calm as people look at their situation, rather than waiting for outside help.
There's not so much a willingness to blame others. The debt has built up here,
and with production costs and the bad weather and prices down, they are
realizing there's no way to get their production costs back. People around here
are pretty tough . . . . They know how they got it and what they have to do to
keep it."

But Coleman and farmers also are critical of Missouri FmHA rules that they
contend have prevented full use of the money available for direct operating
loans and guarantees of loans by commercial banks.

As of two weeks ago, Missouri had obligated only 5 percent of its loan guarantee
money -- far less than neighboring states. Nebraska, for example, had committed
96 percent of its guarantee money; Oklahoma, 77 percent; Iowa and South Dakota,
46 percent.

At Coleman's urging, state FmHA director John O. Foster has agreed to alter the
guarantee program to make it more attractive to reluctant bankers. The
congressman also is urging Foster to change Missouri FmHA direct loan spending
rules so that counties whose money is depleted can draw on surpluses in other
counties. Even though the state still had about $15 million of unobligated
direct loan money in early March, many county offices' funds were depleted and
loan applicants were being turned away.

"Unlike some other states, Missouri unwisely allocated its FmHA loan money on a
county-by-county basis. The result was that we had some counties that had run
out of money and people were standing in line, while other counties had money
for which there was no demand," Coleman said.

Under administration policy, Missouri can qualify for none of the new money
released by Reagan earlier this month until all its direct loan funds are gone
and it can show that its guarantee program is working.

Foster said the state's problems were made more acute because Washington cut the
state's allocation for direct operating loans this year, putting more emphasis
on the loan guarantee program, in which commercial lenders here have shown
little interest.

Less money for the direct loans, in combination with greater funding demands
from farmers who are turned away by commercial banks and the farmer-owned Farm
Credit System, has put additional pressures on the county FmHA offices.

"More than half of our loan money is for guarantees, but it is not a success.
Banks are reluctant to do the guarantee. They don't really say why, but they
seem to have decided that they can put their money elsewhere and make more
money, with less grief," Foster said.

At the Trenton State Bank, one of the area's largest farm lenders, president
Curtis LaFollette and vice president Jim Cox said their biggest problem with the
guarantee program is the large amount of paperwork it causes.

"If the farmer has a good financial statement and if I know him and his
operation, it still takes at least half a day to fill out all the papers," Cox
said, hefting a two-inch folder containing the documentation for one guarantee.
"For most banks it has been easier to just send the farmer to FmHA for a direct
loan than to bother with a guarantee."

LaFollette added, "We've gone the extra two miles to deal with most of the
farmers who come in here . . . . We are talking about friends, good honest
people who are caught in a dilemma not of their own making. We must have sent
about 10 farmers to the FmHA last year, but we didn't close them out."

"A lot of these farmers have given up and have reconciled themselves to that
fact. We all look to government to help, and yet the assistance seems to be
less. I don't advocate that every heavily indebted farmer be allowed to continue
in farming, but it bugs me that we are still giving money to so many foreign
countries and here we are, letting an entire industry down. There's an
unfairness in it."

Darrell Shelton, FmHA supervisor in neighboring Mercer County, one of the
northern region's hardest-hit areas, said, "Confidence was renewed somewhat with
our good crop last fall, but a certain number of farmers are now resigned to the
point that they're not going to make it. The feeling is that there is little
left to fight for with the continuing decline in asset values."

Nearly half of the FmHA's 212 farm loan accounts in Mercer County were overdue
on Jan. 1 and about a tenth of them had made no payments on their debt in three
years or more. In Mercer alone, the FmHA holds 5,427 acres of repossessed land
on 18 farms, which it keeps off the market to avoid depressing lest prices be
depressed further. A University of Missouri survey that found that 26 of the
1,672 farm bankruptcies in the state since 1981 occurred in Mercer.

Vernon Hanes, who farms more than 1,000 acres south of Trenton, agreed that his
hard-pressed farming neighbors are resigned to their fate, but he cautioned that
the silence not be misunderstood.

"The answers we hear from Washington don't get it. Nothing they have done so far
will solve the problem," Hanes said. "There is no one else to blame but this
administration. Farmers were in relatively good shape in 1980. I think these
people are just beginning to fight. It will show up at the polls this fall. I
think things will change."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Trenton, Mo., farmers Wayne Wendt and Vernon Hanes believe a
"political process" will change the crisis situation. BY WARD SINCLAIR -- THE
WASHINGTON POST

                       Copyright 1986 The Washington Post


                             369 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        West Lyon Herald (Inwood, Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 29, 2012

New FSA help for beginning farmers and ranchers

BYLINE: West Lyon Herald staff

LENGTH: 451  words


The USDA Farm Service Agency is working harder than ever to assist new farmers
and ranchers to succeed. FSA Executive Director John R. Whitaker recently
unveiled a new Land Contract Guarantee Program and several other tools designed
to help beginning farmers and ranchers build the foundation for a successful
career in agriculture.

"New farmers face many challenges, like obtaining land for example," said
Whitaker. "FSA is going to provide new options to help them to work through this
challenging start-up issue." Peak land values, tight commercial credit, minimal
credit history and less collateral make it difficult for new and smaller farmers
in Iowa to get a commercial business loan right now.

The Land Contract Guarantee Program provides a new approach for landowners
willing to sell and finance a land purchase to a beginning or socially
disadvantaged farmer. The national program offers two options, one that
guarantees up to three annual installment payments on the contract and one that
guarantees 90% of the unpaid principal of the contract. Guarantees can be used
in the purchase of land for up to $500,000.

"Iowa farmers represent all walks of life, a wide variety of ethnic backgrounds,
and all different ages," notes Whitaker "This new program will work well for
beginning and minority growers in our state and we encourage producers to visit
with us to see if they qualify and how it could fit their needs," he said. You
can find FSA loan information, disaster assistance programs and other helpful
programs at www.fsa.usda.gov.

Another new change to the agency's lending rules for new producers is to allow
more flexibility in the minimum experience requirement. Under the new rule, FSA
loan officers are now allowed to consider all prior farming experience,
including on-the-job training and formal education when determining eligibility
for FSA Farm Operating and Ownership Loans. To qualifyforthe Beginning Farmer
and Rancher Loan Program, applicants must have a minimum level of agricultural
experience, but not more than 10 years operating a farm or ranch. Whitaker also
recommends that people considering a farming career should visit a new USDA
website www.start2farm.gov to learn more about USDA and FSA programs for
beginning farmers and ranchers.

Iowa FSA's support for Beginning and Socially Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers
is evident in the high level of minority and new farmer participation generated
through staff outreach into the community. In 2011, 75% of all FSA farm loans in
Iowa were made to socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers.

For more information about these and other USDA programs, you can always call or
visit your nearest USDA Farm Service Agency office.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WLY

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2012 West Lyon Herald


                             370 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                            March 16, 2002 Saturday

USDA grants Farm Credit Services preferred lender status

BYLINE: CHARLYN FARGO AGRIBUSINESS EDITOR

SECTION: MARKETPLACE; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 431 words


Farm Credit Services of Illinois has been granted preferred lender status for
the U.S. Department of Agriculture's guaranteed farm loan programs. That means
farmers can spend less time filling out loan applications.

"This gives us added ability and flexibility to work with young, beginning and
smaller farmers," said Ron Frenn, president and CEO of Farm Credit Services of
Illinois. The announcement was made Friday at the Central Illinois Ag Day
Breakfast by state Farm Service Agency director Bill Graff.

The new Preferred Lending Program is for elite agricultural lenders who have
experience with USDA guaranteed loans. The department reviews and approves a
lender's credit-management system. Then the lender originates and services the
loans.

USDA guaranteed loans allow lenders to begin or continue serving farmers who
cannot be dealt with on a conventional basis.

Farm Credit has been a partner in the FSA guaranteed loan program for several
years, Frenn said.

"To qualify, you have to have made 20 loans in the past five years," he said.
"We made 500."

The designation has been given to 16 lenders operating in the state, 10 of which
are dedicated to Illinois.

"What it means is that FSA will accept our lending process for a farmer's loan
instead of their own," Frenn said. "We have a one-page application that we send
to the FSA office, and approval is automatic if USDA doesn't respond within 14
days of receiving the completed application."

The program is designed to help young farmers get into farming. To qualify,
farmers must be under 35 years of age, or, to qualify as a small farmer, have
less than $250,000 in gross farm income. Beginning farmers must have been in the
business 10 years or fewer.

"In the past, it's been almost impossible for young farmers to get a start in
agriculture," Frenn said. "We're hoping this helps change that. We have relaxed
equity standards and a much lower interest rate."

Frenn considers the overall financial health of Illinois farmers to be "pretty
good."

"There are pockets of Illinois farmers who had a tough year last year because of
dry weather, particularly Macon County and Champaign County," he said. "But
everywhere else, even in the southern part of the state, farmers had good years.
Overall, farmers' credit is strong, land values are strong, and cash rents
haven't dropped."

He's amazed at the number of buyers for farmland.

"You're seeing a lot more farmers buy land rather than investors," Frenn said.
"The last two or three years, it's been about 50-50. Now it's more 60-40,
farmers."

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LOCAL

                   Copyright 2002 The State Journal-Register


                             371 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Lebanon Daily News (Pennsylvania)

                            October 12, 2012 Friday

Federal loans available for farmers in Lebanon Valley

BYLINE: Lebanon Daily News

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 176 words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency is offering targeted
farm loans to help farmers buy and operate family farms.

"Socially Disadvantaged" loans are available for applicants who are women,
African Americans, American Indians and Alaskan natives, Hispanics, and Asians
and Pacific islanders, according to an FSA news release.

Repayment terms for direct operating loans depend on collateral and usually run
one to seven years, the release states. Direct ownership loans can be as long as
40 years. Interest rates are set periodically.

The down payment loan program requires an applicant to provide a minimum down
payment of 5 percent in cash, and the loan cannot exceed 45 percent of the
lesser of the purchase price, the appraised value of the farm or $500,000, the
release states.

Applicants must meet eligibility requirements. For more information for all FSA
direct loan programs, call Bruce Brown, farm loan manager, at 610-478-7158 or
visit an FSA office at 1383 Arcadia Road, Lancaster, or 1238 County Welfare
Road, Leesport, Berks County.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 Lebanon Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             372 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Farm Credit System Reports Net Gain For Third Quarter

                            November 6, 1987, Friday

By Richard Gotcher

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Nov. 5


The Farm Credit System registered a "modest" $4 million of net income in the
third quarter, pointing to "better-than-expected" financial results for the
entire year, system officials said today.

The $4 million net gain compares with a net loss of $560 million in the third
quarter of 1986. Based on operating results recorded through the first nine
months of 1987, system officials predicted that the full year will show
"significantly better" numbers than previous projections - which forecast a
nearly $1.3 billion net loss.

For the first nine months of 1987, net losses for the system totaled $197
million, compared with a $1.53 billion net loss during the same period last
year.

Most of the improvement has been the result of system banks reducing their
provisions for loan losses by $1.43 billion - a consequence of lowered financial
risk, a financial report issued by the system says.

Excluding the loan-loss provisions, operating results for the system continued
an "unfavorable trend," largely reflecting the continuing declines in net
interest income, a the report says. Net interest is the difference between
interest paid by the system to investors and interest received from borrowers.

Grant T. Lucas, chairman of the Farm Credit Council - the credit system's trade
association - cautioned that the favorable report should not obscure the
significant drop in earned interest for the system. He said that despite the
financial improvement realized so far this year, problems still remain for a
number of system banks.

"It is important to understand that the combined net income reported during the
third quarter resulted primarily from adjustment to the allowance for loan
losses previously established by certain system institutions. There is no
assurance that such adjustments will be possible in future quarters." Mr. Lucas
said in a statement released by the council.

Mr. Lucas urged that Congress quickly finish work on a pending aid bill to the
Farm Credit System, saying that such aid is critical for some of the system's
institutions.

The Senate Agriculture Committee late Wednesday approved the plan, which would
allow the system to issue $4 billion of federally backed bonds and would allow
the creation of a secondary market for farm loans.

Sen. Patrick Leahy, D-Vt., chairman of the agriculture panel, promised to move
the bill to the Senate floor in time for it to be passed before Congress
adjourns this year. The House has already passed similar legislation.

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 423 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1987 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             373 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                January 9, 2017

                           WOODLANDS WEDDINGS LIMITED

                                FARM ENGINEERING
                                 WISTERIA FARM
                                MIDDLEMOOR DROVE
                               BRIDGWATER TA7 0BT


TRADE ADDRESS: Wisteria Farm Coxhill North Newton, BRIDGWATER TA7 0BT

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 07720711

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: July 28, 2011
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Rupert James, Company Director


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Letting and operating of conference and exhibition centres

INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68202

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  September 29, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  December 22, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  4,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                             329        34     3,432
Miscellaneous Current Assets                  64,806   384,924   233,830
Other Current Assets                          65,135   384,958   237,262
Total Current Assets                          65,135   384,958   237,262
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                  65,135   384,958   237,262



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            113,727   443,044   288,567
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                    113,727   443,044   288,567
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                    113,727   443,044   288,567
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                            113,727   443,044   288,567
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry               100       100       100
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                 -48692    -58186    -51405
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                             -48592    -58086    -51305
Called Up Share Capital                          100       100       100
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                    -48592    -58086    -51305


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed      -48592    -58086    -51305
Net Worth             -48592    -58086    -51305
Working Capital       -48592    -58086    -51305
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets       -83.08 -72.55 -61.61
Current Assets     -83.08 -72.55 -61.61
Current            -74.33 -60.59 -36.12
Liabilities
Capital Employed   -16.34  -5.29 480.55
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 238 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
70201 Letting of conference and exhibition centres



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -.74      .66    14.61
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -1.13        0     6.04
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -1.73        0     8.64
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              25.29    98.48   258.29
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       47.52    23.65        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .29      .93     1.26
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            26,504.3   40,088 62,605.8
                                                          2                 2
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  15,898.3   24,000 29,327.1
                                                          1                 9
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  50,613.3 72,014.6 141,775.
                                                          6        3        4
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  42.23    28.01    20.41



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  2
=        1
Year -1  3
=        2
Year -2  2
=        7
Year -3  8
=        6

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                0.57      0.87      0.82
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.57      0.87      0.82
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                  -0.75     -0.15     -0.22
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP -48592

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: A C Mole & Sons

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2017


                             374 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            October 11, 1993 Monday

LENGTH: 421 words


Another side to FmHA lawsuit Byline: LEROY M. NAYES Bismarck The news media
recently highlighted the Coleman vs. Block lawsuit. It credited Vogel and
VanSickle with assisting delinquent Farmers Home Administration debtors to stay
on the farm. Credit especially Judge VanSickle, for: 1. Billions of tax dollars
that were lost in requiring FmHA to advance family living and farm operating
expenses to proven unsound operations nationwide. Most failed anyway. 2.
Preventing security servicing by FmHA and U.S. Attorneys to protect the
government's interests for about five years. 3. Requiring much additional
paperwork and delays in later loan making and servicing. Also drastic actions
that included large write-downs and write-offs of delinquent debts. 4. The
demise of supplementary farm lending by FmHA as it existed from 1937 to 1981.
Losses to the government in that period were less than 1 percent on real estate
loans and within 3 percent on higher risk chattel and operating loans. 5. The
necessity for Congress to eliminate or substantially reduce funds available to
potentially eligible young farmer applicants that could have become successfully
established farmers with initial loan help. (The author was an FmHA employee
from 1956 to 1983 Ä Editor)

Battling with a disease Byline: ROBERT L. MORRISSEY Lincoln I attended the
Mental Health Association of North Dakota's annual meeting Oct. 1, and all the
various talks and presentations were very enlightening, but one in particular
caught my attention and impressed me very much. That was the presentation Lori
Shiller gave titled, ""Awakening From a Schizophrenic Nightmare.'' She told a
compelling story of her experiences with the onset of schizophrenia and her
battle to overcome it. She told candidly of her terrible, and sometimes
horrifying symptoms associated with the disease. How it debilitates you, ruined
her plans for a career, and left her delusional, hallucinating and even
suicidal. Then she told of her recovery with the help of a new medicine on the
market. That, with a combination of other medicines and her relentless
determination to fight her way back to recovery was a very moving and inspiring
story. She has a motto she goes by and it is Hope, Motivation, Courage and
Endurance. She is currently writing a book, among the many other activities
she's involved in. It is called, if I'm not mistaken, ""The Quiet Room.'' I
think if anyone ever wanted to know about schizophrenia or mental illness in
general, this would be a compelling book to read.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1993 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             375 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               February 19, 2017

                            HUMPHREY PULLETS LIMITED

                                  HAZELEY ROAD
                                    TWYFORD
                                   WINCHESTER
                              WINCHESTER SO21 1QA


TRADE ADDRESS: Hazeley Farm House Hazeley Road, Twyford, Twyford, WINCHESTER
SO21 1QA

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01962764500
URL: www.humphreypullets.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 06780228

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: December 24, 2008
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  HUMPHREY FARMS LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  HUMPHREY FARMS LIMITED



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name                 Turnover
No.
05929369        HAZELEY DEVELOPMENTS        10,102,20
                LIMITED                             7
-               -                                   -
-               -                                   -
-               -                                   -
-               -                                   -
-               -                                   -
-               -                                   -
-               -                                   -
-               -                                   -
-               -                                   -

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Martin Christopher Humphrey, Animal Feed Manufacturer
     ·    Mr Jonathan Paul Humphrey, Commercial Director
     ·    Mr Peter Francis Ball, Chartered Accountant


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: 518141 Manufacture of prepared feeds for farm animals
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Normal   Company acting as agents

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
10910
41202

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: February 29, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: February 28

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  February 29, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Full Accounts
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  October 7, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  December 22, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  36,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           29/02/201 28/02/201 28/02/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                              143,795    63,000    63,000
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                           143,795    63,000    63,000
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       -         -         -
Other Current Assets                               -         -         -
Total Current Assets                               -         -         -
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                          143,795    63,000    63,000
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 143,795    63,000    63,000



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           29/02/201 28/02/201 28/02/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities             80,795         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                     80,795         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                     80,795         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                             80,795         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry            63,000    63,000    63,000
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                             63,000    63,000    63,000
Called Up Share Capital                       63,000    63,000    63,000
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                    63,000         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   29/02/201 28/02/201 28/02/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed      63,000    63,000    63,000
Net Worth             63,000    63,000    63,000
Working Capital       -80795         -         -
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets       128.25 128.25  -98.8
Current Assets          -      -      -
Current                 -      - -98.03
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      0  -99.2
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 228 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
15710 Manufacture of prepared feeds for farm animals



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   7.93    14.17    20.24
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       4.18     8.43    12.94
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              1.84     3.17     4.17
Sales / Total Assets (%)                             216.48    284.9   370.24
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       59.22    43.68    32.49
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   1.09      1.6     2.68
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            49,225.2 63,181.7 79,727.9
                                                          7        5        7
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  26,214.3 31,720.0 37,078.1
                                                          3        8        3
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  334,551. 546,220.  836,400
                                                          7        2
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  10.07     5.58      3.8



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  9
=        0
Year -1  9
=        0
Year -2  9
=        5
Year -3  -
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                9/02/201 28/02/201 28/02/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.44         1         1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 63,000

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Chavereys

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2017


                             376 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Farm Lenders Unhappy with US Plan;
But Agriculture Department Believes Bankers Will Use Federal Guarantees

                           February 7, 1985, Thursday

By ANDREW ALBERT

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Farm lenders voiced immediate dissatisfaction with a Reagan administration plan,
announced Wednesday, to further help debt-ridden farmers survive the upcoming
planting season.

Still, officials at the Agriculture Department said they are optimistic that
bankers would soon begin flocking to the agency to take advantage of the $650
million in federal loan guarantees available this year.

The department's new program is merely the latest step aimed at reducing the
financial distress of the Farm Belt -- a topic that has taken center stage
lately in the nation's capital.  So far, Washington has also responded with
congressional hearings, press briefings, and strong lobbying campaigns.

Under the agricultural credit program unveiled Wednesday, the Farmers Home
Administration will back up to 90% of an operating loan if a bank agrees to
reduce a farmers' loan payments by 10%.

The Agriculture Department said that a bank may reduce those payments by
"forgiving," or writing down, a loan's interest, principal, or a combination of
both.  That represents a change from the department's previous rules, which
allowed bankers only to write down a loan's principal amount in return for a
credit guarantee.

Eligibility for the program is limited to farmers with problem loans who prove
that can operate profitably after their loan is written down.  The program takes
effect immediately.

'It Falls Short'

"This clearly contains little that is substantively new.  It falls short of what
we recommended," responded Weldon Barton, agricultural specialist for the
Independent Bankers Association of America, which represents about 3,000
agricultural banks.  On Tuesday, his group recommended that the administration
remove its forgiveness provisions and boost the funding for federal loan
guarantees to $3 billion from the $650 million approved by Congress last summer.

So far, only about 38 loans have been guaranteed by the Farmers Home
Administration.  Bankers are blaming the lack of participation on the government
writedown provisions, which result in a permanent loan loss and therefore
discourage lenders from restructuring farm loans.

"The forgiveness requirements have had the effect of frustrating the use of the
[$650 million in] loan guarantee authority," Mr. Barton said.

U.S. Agriculture Secretary John Block held a press conference here Wednesday to
announce several new, yet minor, initiatives aimed at increasing participation
in the credit guarantee program.  But in keeping with President Reagan's
hands-off policy, Mr. Block indicated that it was unlikely his department would
be offering any further short-term aid to farmers or their lenders.

He said: "I think people in general think this agriculture industry makes a
tremendous contribution and deserves consideration by their federal government.
But at the same time, you have to decide how far to reach, and I think we've
reached quite a ways."

Milder than Stockman's Remarks

Mr. Block's remarks represented a diplomatic version of what Budget Director
David Stockman told the Senate Budget Committee earlier this week.  Mr. Stock
accused the farm community of political "blackmail" for trying to secure
additional loan guarantees.

"For the life of me," he said, "I cannot figure out why the taxpayers of this
country have the responsibility to go in and refinance bad debt that was
willingly incurred by consenting adults" on the chance they might profit from
rising land prices.

But even without further government incentives, agriculture officials here say
they're expecting more bankers to begin meeting the department's loan
restructing requirements so they can obtain FmHA loan guarantees.

Frank Naylor, under secretary of agriculture, said bankers have been waiting
until the last minute before committing themselves to the forgiveness program.
He said many of the nation's 4,700 agricultural banks are waiting to see the
"final cut" of the federal assistance program and waiting to get the latest
possible look at the condition of their borrowers.

Most banks, according to Mr. Naylor, have an average of two to 20 loans that are
"possible candidates" for the writedown and guarantee program.

The Agriculture Department says it will limit its guarantees to about $200,000
per borrower.  As it now stands, agency statistics show that the average
borrower owes money on about six outstanding loans held by two or three
different lenders.

List of Initiatives

Among the minor initiatives announced by Secretary Block are those that would:

* Establish a farm credit coordinating group to coordinate activities of federal
and financial regulator agencies that deal in farm credit matters.  The group
would include William M. Isaac, chairman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.;
C.T. Conover, the comptroller of the currency; Thomas Healey, the assistant
Treasury secretary for domestic finance; Preston Martin, vice chairman of the
Federal Reserve Board; and agricultural credit officials.

* Encourage the FDIC, the Comptroller's office, and the Fed to avoid supervisory
actions that may discourage banks from exercising "forbearance," or from working
with farmers and other small business borrowers who are experiencing temporary
difficulties in meeting their debt service obligations.  Specifically, the
Agriculture Department said each agency will be asked to designate special
review examiners to study the examination report of each farm-sector bank before
it is forwarded to the institution, in order to ensure compliance with the
forbearance policy.

* Create special action teams of FmHA lending officers to be sent on short
notice to set up temporary office in regions where a commercial bank or Farm
Credit System institution failed.  The team will assist in the reestablishment
of necessary operating credit for qualified operators.  The Agriculture
Department said it would work with the FDIC to obtain early notification of bank
liquidations and will be able to move teams into an area immediately after a
bank failure.

The FDIC, the Farm Credit Administration, and the Independent Bankers
Association of America will be among those groups represented today at a farm
credit hearing to be held by the Senate Small Business Committee.

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1049 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                             377 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Creston News Advertiser (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 7, 2013 Tuesday

FSA committed to service, despite consolidation

BYLINE: Sarah Brown, The Creston News Advertiser, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 369 words


May 07--Many farmers were affected when the United States Department of
Agriculture's Farm Service Agency (FSA) in Creston closed its doors Sept. 28,
2012.

"We were forced to cut our budget," said Adams/Union County FSA Executive
Director Mike Praska. "The response has been mixed."

Since the consolidation of two Union County offices, Praska said the main
complaint from clients is the drive to the new FSA location, 2243 Loomis Ave.,
in Corning.

"Once they are there, they are receiving the same quality service," said Praska.
"A lot can be done now online or by fax. We are trying everything we can to
alleviate any inconvenience the consolidation may have caused."

The need to consolidate

The Federal agency, which offers services such as farm operating loans,
emergency loans, micro-operating loans and loans to minorities, women and rural
teens, closed 125 offices nationwide as a result of widespread reductions made
by Congress.

In a letter to FSA stakeholders, Iowa Farm Service Agency state Executive
Director John R. Whitaker said the agency has been forced to reduce
discretionary administrative expenses for travel, postage and other supplies by
more than 30 percent in the past fiscal year.

Praska said he does not know what the actual cost savings is as of yet, but the
FSA has already saved on employees, equipment and rental space.

Even though Whitaker's letter said all workers in a consolidated county office
would be offered employment options by the FSA, some of the cost-savings
happened through attrition, as some employees retired.

Criteria

In deciding which offices would be consolidated, the USDA followed Congressional
direction under the 2008 Farm Bill.

"The only criteria was the office had to have two or fewer fulltime employees
and had to be within 20 miles of another center," said Praska.

Praska said he understands the change is difficult for the farmers, but they
will recieve the same service from the same people -- just in a different
location.

For additional information, visit http://offices.sc.gov.usda.gov.

___ (c)2013 the Creston News Advertiser (Creston, Iowa) Visit the Creston News
Advertiser (Creston, Iowa) at www.crestonnewsadvertiser.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130507-IK-FSA-committed-to-service-despite-consolidation-0507-20130507

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IK


                   Copyright 2013 The Creston News Advertiser


                             378 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Inverell Times

                                 April 30, 2015

Extension to farm loan plan

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 321  words


NEW England MP Barnaby Joyce, and NSW Minister for Primary Industries, Niall
Blair, announced yesterday that farmers will have more time to apply for a Farm
Finance Concessional Loan.

Mr Joyce said the closing date for applications had been extended to 30 June, to
provide more time for farm businesses in NSW to take advantage of the loans
scheme.

'This scheme provides low-interest loans to allow eligible farm businesses to
restructure existing debt.

' These loans are intended to support farmers who are currently experiencing
financial hardship, but whose businesses are commercially viable in the longer
term,' Mr Joyce said.

Mr Blair said that loans of up to $650,000 were available to eligible farm
businesses, with an interest rate currently set at 4.34 per cent and a loan term
of five years.

'If you are interested in taking advantage of these loans, I encourage you not
to delay in finding out more and submitting an application,' Minister Blair
said.

Minister Joyce said in addition to the Farm Finance Concessional Loans Scheme,
there was a range of assistance measures available to farmers and rural
communities experiencing hardship, including income support through the Farm
Household Allowance and free financial counselling through the Rural Financial
Counselling Service.

'I encourage farmers not to self-assess their eligibility for any of these
measures, but to talk to the experts and find out more about their options,'
Minister Joyce said.

The Drought Concessional Loans Scheme and Drought Recovery Concessional Loans
Scheme are also operating in NSW, and are delivered by the NSW Rural Assistance
Authority.

For more information on the range of Australian Government assistance available
to farmers, farm businesses and rural communities, visit
agriculture.gov.au/assistance.

More information on the three loans schemes, including eligibility criteria and
application details, can be found at www.raa.nsw.gov.au.

LOAD-DATE: May 02, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             379 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 18, 2017

          THE INSTITUTE OF AGRICULTURAL SECRETARIES AND ADMINISTRATORS
                                    LIMITED

                               EAST HADDON LODGE
                                  MAIN STREET
                                  EAST HADDON
                                WARWICK CV35 7HN


TRADE ADDRESS: The Mill Mill Lane, WARWICK CV35 7HN

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01926485543
FAX: 024-7641-7937
URL: www.iagsa.co.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 00906606

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: May 19, 1967
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mrs Ann Davies, Farm Business Administrator
     ·    Mrs Billie Eve Johnson, Farmer Business Administrator
     ·    Mrs Catherine Mary Meredith, Projects Co Ordinator
     ·    Mrs Sally Ann Wood, Farm Business Administrator
     ·    Mrs Sally Anne Lemonius, Rural Business Administrator
     ·    Mrs Christine Anne Thompson, Farm Business Administrator
     ·    Mrs Elinor Jones, Farm Business Administrator
     ·    Miss Emma Louise Powell, Farm Business Administrator
     ·    Mrs Lynn Jemson Briggs, Farm Administrator
     ·    Mrs Elizabeth Rebecca Hill, Farm Administration


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    MissGillian ChristianWrathall


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Activities of professional membership organisations
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited company without share capital::Private Limited
company without share capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
94120

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: August 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: August 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  August 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Total Exemption Full
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  March 4, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  April 4, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  22,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/08/201 31/08/201 31/08/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                1,305     1,958     2,937
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                             1,305     1,958     2,937
Stocks                                         2,386     2,820       801
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                         101,838   112,696    99,732
Miscellaneous Current Assets                     339       143     4,557
Other Current Assets                         102,177   112,839   104,289
Total Current Assets                         104,563   115,659   105,090
Fixed Assets                                   1,305     1,958     2,937
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 105,868   117,617   108,027



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/08/201 31/08/201 31/08/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                      2,602     2,397     2,856
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities             22,288    16,625    15,128
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                     22,288    16,625    15,128
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                      788         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                     24,890    19,022    17,984
Total Long Term Liabilities                      788         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                             25,678    19,022    17,984
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                 80,190    98,595    90,043
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                             80,190    98,595    90,043
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                    80,978    98,595    90,043


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/08/201 31/08/201 31/08/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales           58,147    56,674    56,870
Cost of Sales              0         0         0
Gross Profit          58,147    56,674    56,870
Operating Profit      -18439     8,512    14,525
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income         43        50        42
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit         -18396     8,562    14,567
Taxation                   9        10         8
Profit After Tax      -18405     8,552    14,559
Dividends Payable          0         0         0
Retained Profits      -18405     8,552    14,559
Value Added           -17786     9,491    29,441
Capital Employed      80,978    98,595    90,043
Net Worth             80,190    98,595    90,043
Working Capital       79,673    96,637    87,106
Emp. Renumeration          -         -    13,450
Dir. Renumeration          0         0    13,450
Audit Fees                 -         -         0
Non-audit Fees             -         -       750
Depreciation             653       979     1,466
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                 2.6   2.25  10.81
Pretax             -314.8 -226.2 -374.0
                        6      9      8
Total Assets        -9.99     -2  15.39
Current Assets      -9.59   -0.5  17.36
Current             30.85   38.4  53.01
Liabilities
Capital Employed   -17.87 -10.07   7.28
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 1,309 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
91120 Activities of professional organisations



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -2.44     4.35    14.66
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -1.93     2.14     9.77
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -2.3     2.61     12.9
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              49.27    90.27    165.3
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       24.65     2.98        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                      1     2.06     5.27
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            29,083.8 43,699.2 63,206.0
                                                          5        6        9
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    24,000   33,500 43,891.8
                                                                            9
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    62,500 103,859.  159,500
                                                                   6
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  43.49    32.07    22.83



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  9
=        2
Year -1  9
=        0
Year -2  8
=        8
Year -3  9
=        7

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/08/201 31/08/201 31/08/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)              -22.72      8.68     16.18
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                        -17.38      7.28     13.48
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)            -22.94      8.68     16.18
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                         -31.64     15.11     25.61
Sales / Total Assets (%)                           54.92     48.19     52.64
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                           44.56     28.94     19.36
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                       137.02    170.51    153.17
Sales / Stocks                                     24.37      20.1        71
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                 4.2      6.08      5.84
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  4.11      5.93       5.8
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.76      0.84      0.83
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                       10.43      6.75     22.45
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -     23.65
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                   103.43     90.21     49.48
Value Added / Sales (%)                           -30.59     16.75     51.77
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -      2.19
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 80,978

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Ellacotts LLP

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2017


                             380 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             July 25, 1981 Saturday

Banks increase lending rates   to low of 19%, high of 23%

BYLINE: PEGGY McCALLUM; GAM

LENGTH: 367 words


By  PEGGY McCALLUM
   In the wake of the one percentage point increase in the prime lending
 rate to a record 21 per cent, major banks have raised their lending rates
 generally by the same amount.

A random sample of the various banks shows interest rates on consumer
 loans, for example, were increased by one percentage point, reaching an
 absolute minimum of 20 per cent at the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce,
 and 20.5 per cent at the Royal Bank of Canada, with the majority of loans
 at the Royal Bank estimated to be in the 21 to 22 per cent range.

At the Toronto-Dominion Bank, minimum consumer loan rates range from
 19.75 per cent for one year to 20.34 per cent for three years. The Bank of
 Nova Scotia gives a range of from 19 to 21.25 per cent.

Residential mortgage rates are now 19.75 per cent for one- to two-year
 terms and 20 per cent for three- to five-year terms at the Toronto-D
 ominion. At the Commerce, the minimum mortgage rate has risen by one
 percentage point to 19.75 per cent.

The Royal Bank's mortgage rates are also up one percentage point to
 19.5 per cent for a one-year term, 19.75 per cent for three years, and 20
 per cent for five years.

Loans to small businesses and farmers, which are pegged to the prime
 rate, have jumped correspondingly.

At the Commerce, operating loans to small businesses or farmers are
 generally prime plus 0.25 to two percentage points, giving a range of
 21.25 to 23 per cent. Commerce term loans are now 21.75 to 23 per cent,
 and fixed-rate loans for periods of 10 to 25 years are a minimum 19.5 per
 cent.

Small business or farm improvement loans at the Royal Bank now have a
 minimum 22 per cent interest rate, and farm mortgage rates range from
 19.34 per cent for one year to 20.25 per cent for five years.

At the Toronto-Dominion, operating loans for small businesses range
 from 22 to 25 per cent, with the great majority coming within prime plus
 1.5 to 1.75 percentage points, giving average rates of 22.5 to 22.75 per
 cent. Long term mortgage rates are about 22.5 per cent.

For farmers, the Toronto-Dominion's operating loans are now generally
 23 per cent, long term mortgage rates (15 to 25 years) 21.25 per cent, and
 government-guaranteed loans 22 per cent.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1981 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             381 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                February 7, 2017

                                 WYKE FARMS LTD

                                WHITE HOUSE FARM
                                WYKE CHAMPFLOWER
                                     BRUTON
                                BRUTON BA10 0PU


TRADE ADDRESS: White House Farm, BRUTON BA10 0PU

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01749812424
FAX: 01749-813495
URL: www.wykefarms.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 00751654

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: February 27, 1963
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 247

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name                         Turnover
No.
03697636        ALLIANCE DES FROMAGES ANGLAIS        7,748,09
                LIMITED                                     1
01479610        WYKE FARMHOUSE CHEESE COMPANY               0
                LIMITED
-               -                                           -
-               -                                           -
-               -                                           -
-               -                                           -
-               -                                           -
-               -                                           -
-               -                                           -
-               -                                           -

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Richard William Clothier, Production Manager
     ·    Mr David James Clothier, Farmer
     ·    Mrs Grace Louise Clothier, Company Director
     ·    Richard John Clothier, Farmer
     ·    Mr Roger Thomas Clothier, Farmer
     ·    Mr Thomas John Clothier, Farmer
     ·    Mr Ashley William Wilson, Sales Director
     ·    Paul Edwin Hardwick, Finance Director


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: 209940 Manufacture of other milk products
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Normal   Company acting as agents

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
10519

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Full Accounts
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  December 9, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  October 22, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  3,240,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            22,387,00 21,682,00 19,747,00
                                                   0         0         0
Intangible Assets                            214,000   110,000    10,000
Total Fixed Assets                         22,601,00 21,792,00 19,757,00
                                                   0         0         0
Stocks                                     14,251,00 14,694,00 17,701,00
                                                   0         0         0
Debtors                                    6,314,000 7,723,000 6,852,000
Cash                                               -   316,000         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets               2,010,000 1,170,000   949,000
Other Current Assets                       2,010,000 1,486,000   949,000
Total Current Assets                       22,575,00 23,903,00 25,502,00
                                                   0         0         0
Fixed Assets                               21,055,00 21,682,00 19,744,00
                                                   0         0         0
Intermediate Assets                        1,332,000         -     3,000
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               45,176,00 45,695,00 45,259,00
                                                   0         0         0



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                  7,951,000 6,178,000 5,702,000
Bank Overdraft                             1,474,000 2,733,000 4,036,000
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities          1,439,000   764,000 1,198,000
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                     161,000   118,000   184,000
Due To Group, Current                          3,000         -     3,000
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                  1,278,000   646,000 1,014,000
Short Term Loans                           1,635,000 2,851,000 4,220,000
Long Term Loans                            15,250,00 19,278,00 16,308,00
                                                   0         0         0
Long Term Bank Loan                        15,250,00 19,250,00 16,250,00
                                                   0         0         0
Other Long Term Finance                            -    28,000    58,000
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                4,331,000 3,250,000 2,716,000
Total Current Liabilities                  10,864,00 9,675,000 10,936,00
                                                   0                   0
Total Long Term Liabilities                19,581,00 22,528,00 19,024,00
                                                   0         0         0
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          30,445,00 32,203,00 29,960,00
                                                   0         0         0
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry         1,245,000 1,245,000 1,245,000
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve              13,486,00 12,247,00 14,054,00
                                                   0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                          14,731,00 13,492,00 15,299,00
                                                   0         0         0
Called Up Share Capital                    1,068,000 1,068,000 1,068,000
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)           177,000   177,000   177,000
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 34,312,00 36,020,00 34,323,00
                                                   0         0         0


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales        67,537,00 64,225,00 60,832,00
                           0         0         0
Cost of Sales      57,843,00 51,389,00 47,110,00
                           0         0         0
Gross Profit       9,694,000 12,836,00 13,722,00
                                     0         0
Operating Profit   3,562,000   -203000 1,842,000
Export             8,431,000 7,135,000 4,592,000
Nontrading Income          0   521,000   433,000
Interest Payable     766,000 1,282,000   928,000
Pretax Profit      2,796,000   -964000 1,347,000
Taxation             565,000   -153000   204,000
Profit After Tax   2,231,000   -811000 1,143,000
Dividends Payable          0         0         0
Retained Profits   2,231,000   -811000 1,143,000
Value Added        15,036,00 8,730,000 10,442,00
                           0                   0
Capital Employed   34,312,00 36,020,00 34,323,00
                           0         0         0
Net Worth          14,517,00 13,382,00 15,289,00
                           0         0         0
Working Capital    11,711,00 14,228,00 14,566,00
                           0         0         0
Emp. Renumeration  8,835,000 6,014,000 6,026,000
Dir. Renumeration  1,700,000 1,089,000 1,170,000
Audit Fees            25,000    30,000    29,000
Non-audit Fees        49,500    30,000    30,000
Depreciation       2,639,000 2,919,000 2,574,000
Number of                247       190       192
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                               31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
                                                     GBP       GBP       GBP
Net Cashflow From Operating Activities         8,129,000 4,575,000 2,643,000
Net Cashflow From Return On Investment And       -666000   -831000   -474000
Servicing Of Finance
Net Cashflow Before Financing                  5,247,000  -1287000  -2881000
Net Cashflow From Financing                     -5247000 1,603,000 2,881,000
Increase In Cash                                       -   316,000         -

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                5.16  11.02   12.9
Pretax             -390.0 107.57  15.11
                        4
Total Assets        -1.14  -0.18   2.98
Current Assets      -5.56 -11.48 -14.25
Current             12.29  -0.66  -3.19
Liabilities
Capital Employed    -4.74  -0.03    5.1
Employee Wages      46.91  46.61  28.88
Number of              30  28.65   13.3
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 42 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
15519 Manufacture of other milk products



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  98
=
Year -1  10
=         0
Year -2  10
=         0
Year -3  92
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                8.15     -2.68      3.92
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                          6.19     -2.11      2.98
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)             18.98     -7.14       8.8
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                           4.14      -1.5      2.21
Sales / Total Assets (%)                           149.5    140.55    134.41
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                            3.21      2.96      3.08
Export / Sales (%)                                 12.48     11.11      7.55
Working Capital / Sales (%)                        17.34     22.15     23.94
Sales / Stocks                                      4.74      4.37      3.44
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )     34.12     43.89     41.11
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                2.08      2.47      2.33
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.77      0.95      0.71
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                        116.31    165.36    134.27
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.33       0.3      0.34
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                    105.05    144.06    106.66
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                  21.5    403.14     40.79
Current Liabilities / Stocks                        0.76      0.66      0.62
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees     35,769.2 31,652.63 31,385.42
(GBP)                                                  3
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                  13.08      9.36      9.91
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)       11,319.8  -5073.68  7,015.63
                                                       4
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)               273,429. 338,026.3 316,833.3
                                                       2
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees           138,915   189,579 178,765.6
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        85,242.9 114,115.8 102,833.3
                                                       1
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        182,898.   240,500   235,724
                                                       8
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                     18.6    -11.04      12.9
Value Added / Sales (%)                            22.26     13.59     17.17
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)         60,874.4 45,947.37 54,385.42
                                                       9
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                  1.7      1.45      1.73
Sales / Audit Fees                              2,701.48  2,140.83  2,097.66
Total Assets / Audit Fees                       1,807.04  1,523.17  1,560.66
Creditors / Debtors                                 1.26       0.8      0.83
Total Debt / Working Capital                        1.44      1.56      1.41
Total Debt / Total Assets                           0.37      0.48      0.45

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 34,312,000

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2017


                             382 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                January 9, 2017

                   JOHN CORNTHWAITE (FARM MACHINERY) LIMITED

                                    ELM FARM
                                  STATION LANE
                                     NATEBY
                                PRESTON PR3 0LT


TRADE ADDRESS: Elm Farm Station Lane, PRESTON PR3 0LT

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01995606969
FAX: 01995605700
URL: www.cornthwaites.co.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 01344109

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: December 14, 1977
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 19

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name                    Turnove
No.                                                   r
01164703        CORNTHWAITE (FARM EQUIPMENT)          0
                LTD
-               -                                     -
-               -                                     -
-               -                                     -
-               -                                     -
-               -                                     -
-               -                                     -
-               -                                     -
-               -                                     -
-               -                                     -

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    John Cornthwaite, Managing Director
     ·    Mrs Cynthia Margaret Whiteside, Company Secretary


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    Cynthia MargaretWhiteside


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Manufacture of agricultural tractors
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Normal   Company acting as agents

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
28301

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: January 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: January 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  January 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Full Accounts
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  June 1, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  January 2, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  280,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/01/201 31/01/201 31/01/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            1,382,968 1,510,966 1,445,362
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                         1,382,968 1,510,966 1,445,362
Stocks                                     4,094,402 4,486,141 4,104,246
Debtors                                      746,515   696,310   736,959
Cash                                               7         7         7
Miscellaneous Current Assets                  29,498   104,038   127,909
Other Current Assets                          29,505   104,045   127,916
Total Current Assets                       4,870,422 5,286,496 4,969,121
Fixed Assets                               1,382,968 1,510,966 1,445,362
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               6,253,390 6,797,462 6,414,483



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/01/201 31/01/201 31/01/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                  1,325,159 1,908,986 1,964,123
Bank Overdraft                               786,268   845,824   898,699
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            405,164   337,457   310,655
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -    75,508    93,008
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                    405,164   261,949   217,647
Short Term Loans                             786,268   921,332   991,707
Long Term Loans                              750,939   853,231   555,008
Long Term Bank Loan                          750,939   844,964   530,000
Other Long Term Finance                            -     8,267    25,008
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                   52,923    65,352    46,256
Total Current Liabilities                  2,516,591 3,092,267 3,173,477
Total Long Term Liabilities                  803,862   918,583   601,264
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          3,320,453 4,010,850 3,774,741
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry               400       400       400
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve              2,932,537 2,786,212 2,639,342
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                          2,932,937 2,786,612 2,639,742
Called Up Share Capital                          300       300       300
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)               100       100       100
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 3,736,799 3,705,195 3,241,006


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/01/201 31/01/201 31/01/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales        7,895,918 10,650,63 10,026,03
                                     5         7
Cost of Sales      7,244,397 9,890,973 9,306,083
Gross Profit         651,521   759,662   719,954
Operating Profit     268,127   251,007   220,793
Export               275,627         -         -
Nontrading Income        810    -18185    -16529
Interest Payable      61,962    27,095    27,974
Pretax Profit        206,975   205,727   176,290
Taxation              40,151    37,857    38,855
Profit After Tax     166,824   167,870   137,435
Dividends Payable     20,500    21,000    26,977
Retained Profits     146,324   146,870   110,458
Value Added          780,678   789,462   717,717
Capital Employed   3,736,799 3,705,195 3,241,006
Net Worth          2,932,937 2,786,612 2,639,742
Working Capital    2,353,831 2,194,229 1,795,644
Emp. Renumeration    412,322   423,131   406,789
Dir. Renumeration     35,064    10,989     6,637
Audit Fees            13,800    13,800    13,900
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation         100,229   115,324    90,135
Number of                 19        20        20
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                               31/01/201 31/01/201 31/01/201
                                                       6         5         4
                                                     GBP       GBP       GBP
Net Cashflow From Operating Activities           280,565    38,380   328,949
Net Cashflow From Return On Investment And        -19690    -66280    -71480
Servicing Of Finance
Net Cashflow Before Financing                    299,316   -135265   110,285
Net Cashflow From Financing                      -173747   252,426   -224753
Increase In Cash                                 125,569   117,161   -114468

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales              -25.86 -21.25 -27.01
Pretax               0.61  17.41  76.12
Total Assets           -8  -2.51   6.62
Current Assets      -7.87  -1.99   5.93
Current            -18.62  -20.7  -7.62
Liabilities
Capital Employed     0.85   15.3  18.98
Employee Wages      -2.55   1.36   5.98
Number of              -5     -5     -5
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 28 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
29310 Manufacture of agricultural tractors



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  7
=        7
Year -1  7
=        7
Year -2  3
=        7
Year -3  2
=        4

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/01/201 31/01/201 31/01/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                5.54      5.55      5.44
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                          3.31      3.03      2.75
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)              7.06      7.38      6.68
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                           2.62      1.93      1.76
Sales / Total Assets (%)                          126.27    156.69     156.3
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                            5.71      7.05      6.94
Export / Sales (%)                                  3.49         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                        29.81      20.6     17.91
Sales / Stocks                                      1.93      2.37      2.44
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )     34.51     23.86     26.83
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.94      1.71      1.57
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.31      0.26      0.27
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                         52.41     63.68     58.59
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.47      0.41      0.41
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                      25.6     30.62     21.03
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                 23.04     11.64      13.7
Current Liabilities / Stocks                        0.61      0.69      0.77
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees     21,701.1 21,156.55 20,339.45
(GBP)                                                  6
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                   5.22      3.97      4.06
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)       10,893.4 10,286.35   8,814.5
                                                       2
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)               415,574. 532,531.8 501,301.9
                                                       6
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees          196,673. 185,259.8 162,050.3
                                                       6
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        72,787.7  75,548.3  72,268.1
                                                       9
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        329,125. 339,873.1 320,724.2
                                                       8
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                    26.51     26.06     24.56
Value Added / Sales (%)                             9.89      7.41      7.16
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)         41,088.3  39,473.1 35,885.85
                                                       2
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                 1.89      1.87      1.76
Sales / Audit Fees                                572.17    771.79     721.3
Total Assets / Audit Fees                         453.14    492.57    461.47
Creditors / Debtors                                 1.78      2.74      2.67
Total Debt / Working Capital                        0.65      0.81      0.86
Total Debt / Total Assets                           0.25      0.26      0.24

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 3,736,799

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: The Melia Partnership

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2017


                             383 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Agriculture: Lenders Doubt Adequacy Of U.S. Guarantee Funding

                           October 28, 1999, Thursday

By CRAIG WOKER


Central Illinois banker David Combs turned to the U.S. Department of Agriculture
last summer for a government-guaranteed loan because a farmer wanted to
consolidate debt at a better interest rate.

Mr. Combs, president of the $91 million-asset First National Bank in
Taylorville, Ill., was rebuffed, however -- as were hundreds of other bankers
nationwide. The government program that backs billions of dollars of farm loans
per year had been tapped dry, and Mr. Combs missed out on the farmer's business.

Bankers and their association lobbyists now worry that this cupboard soon will
be bare again -- perhaps by Christmas -- despite the President's signature last
week on an agricultural bill that appropriates funds meant to last 12 months.
The $70 billion measure includes $3 billion for loan guarantees in fiscal year
2000, compared with $2.8 billion allotted in fiscal 1999, which ended Sept. 30.

"The bottom line is that they need to put even more money into those accounts,"
said Mark Scanlan, agricultural affairs director at the Independent Community
Bankers of America. "There's going to be big demand this fall and next spring.
There's not going to be enough money to cover the loan demand."

Almost 5,000 banks in the past two years have used the program operated by the
Agriculture Department's Farm Service Agency to minimize their lending risk.
Bankers worry that low commodity prices, which plagued farmers nationwide in
1998 and 1999, along with this year's Northeast drought and Great Plains
flooding, could lead to increasing defaults.

The guarantee program offsets much of that risk because the Farm Service Agency
backs 90% of most loans. It also helps farmers obtain better rates.

With demand at an all-time high, the government-guaranteed fund ran out of money
twice last fiscal year. This required Congress to appropriate emergency funds to
keep it running.

"You don't have to be a rocket scientist to see that the amount appropriated
this year, coupled with the ongoing strong demand, will put severe pressure on
these funds," said John Blanchfield, manager of agricultural banking and rural
development at the American Bankers Association.

Officials at the Farm Service Agency did not respond to repeated requests for
interviews. But Mr. Blanchfield and others said they are surprised the agency
did not request more money from Congress.

Bankers groups already expect that they will have to ask Congress for money this
fall because agricultural lenders don't believe the problems facing farmers are
going away anytime soon. The Agriculture Department already projects that farm
income this year will be the lowest since 1995 and could fall again next year.

"This year was just the tip of the iceberg," said Mr. Combs, the Illinois
banker. "Next year will be even worse."

Guaranteeing loans is relatively cheap by government standards. The bill signed
by the President includes $8.7 billion for cash payments directly to farmers.
However, Congress needed to set aside only $123 million to pay for the estimated
defaults and other costs associated with guaranteeing $3 billion of loans.

Bankers worry that their farm customers could face great strain if the
government runs out of guarantee money before early spring when farmers make
planting decisions.

"Getting those operating funds when they're needed is very critical," said
Michael Grove, president of $39 million-asset First National Bank of the Rockies
in White Sulphur Springs, Mont. "Farmers have a limited window when they can
plant and need to make plans based on the funds available."

Without government-backed loans, farmers might be out of luck because many banks
won't chance defaults on operating loans, which can range from $100,000 to
$200,000.

"Our farmers' ability to repay is definitely lower today than it was several
years ago, which increases the risk we face," said Marc Meyer, president of the
Adel, Iowa, office of $1.7 billion-asset Brenton Bank. "To make loans in times
like this, we need a partner to guarantee that risk."

Copyright c 1999 American Banker, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: COMMUNITY/REGIONAL; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 691 words

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 American Banker, Inc.


                             384 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               February 12, 2017

                                FENIXCO LIMITED

                                 C/O WOOD FARM
                                   BAWDESWELL
                                   WOOD FARM
                                  REEPHAM ROAD
                                DEREHAM NR20 4RX


TRADE ADDRESS: Wood Farm Reepham Road Bawdeswell, DEREHAM NR20 4RX

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 07445701

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: November 19, 2010
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    David Peter Rodulfo, Property


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    David PeterRodulfo


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Other letting and operating of own or leased real estate
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68209

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: November 30, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: November 30

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  November 30, 2015
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Dormant
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  August 30, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  December 19, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  14,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           30/11/201 30/11/201 30/11/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                  100       100         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                               100       100         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -       100
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       -         -         0
Other Current Assets                               -         -       100
Total Current Assets                               -         -       100
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                              100       100         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                     100       100       100



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           30/11/201 30/11/201 30/11/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry               100       100       100
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                100       100       100
Called Up Share Capital                          100       100       100
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   30/11/201 30/11/201 30/11/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed         100       100       100
Net Worth                100       100       100
Working Capital            -         -       100
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0      0      0
Current Assets          -      -      -
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      0      0
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 59,273 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
70200 Letting of own property



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     3.03    11.52
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0     2.14     6.41
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0    21.62    61.19
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               4.38     7.69    30.85
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       12.15        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .08       .6     2.26
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            27,864.5 79,369.5 161,438.
                                                          1        9        4
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,800 23,120.3 39,861.1
                                                                   7        1
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    70,000 168,352.  404,200
                                                                   9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  29.98     15.9     8.02



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  7
=        5
Year -1  7
=        5
Year -2  8
=        5
Year -3  6
=        3

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                0/11/201 30/11/201 30/11/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      1         1         1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2017


                             385 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            October 18, 2015 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

IN BRIEF

BYLINE: From wire reports

SECTION: B; Pg. 003

LENGTH: 370 words


GAY EX-PROFESSOR SUES MSU OVER FIRING

BOZEMAN - A former assistant professor has filed a lawsuit against Montana State
University, saying he was denied tenure and fired because he is gay.

David Agruss filed the lawsuit Thursday in Gallatin County District Court.

The Bozeman Daily Chronicle reported that Agruss taught English at MSU from 2008
to 2015.

His lawsuit contends that he was "subject to homophobic discrimination,
retaliation and breach of contract."

MSU spokesman Tracy Ellig responded Friday that "MSU has not seen the filing,
and we don't comment on pending litigation."

The Human Rights Bureau investigated his charge of discrimination and
retaliation and in January 2014 found "no cause" for his case.

The lawsuit asks for a jury trial and unspecified damages.

FARM LOANS AVAILABLE TO MINORITIES AND WOMEN

WENATCHEE - Women and minority farm producers can now apply for government loans
specifically set aside to help them.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency provides a portion of its
farm loan program funds to ensure that women and minority producers have
opportunities for success, said Judy Olson, FSA state executive director.

Loan funds can be used to purchase farms, livestock and equipment. They can also
be used to operate the farm, build or repair farm buildings, pay for soil and
water conservation practices and refinance debts.

Direct loans are currently available for farm purchases with terms up to 40
years and interest rates of 3.75 percent. Direct operating loans have a current
interest rate of 2.62 percent.

FSA guaranteed loans are made through banks or other lenders at their current
rates.

AUTHORITIES SEARCH FOR MISSING KENTUCKY MAN

STEVENSON, WASH.  - Authorities in southwest Washington are trying to find a
Kentucky man who's been missing for weeks.

The Skamania County Sheriff's Department says 39-year-old Austin Oldfield last
contacted his girlfriend Sept. 17. He was expected to spend two weeks camping.

A car with Kentucky plates associated with Oldfield was found on Tuesday in the
Gifford Pinchot National Forest near Lone Butte, The Oregonian reported.

The sheriff's department confirmed Saturday that the search for Oldfield is
continuing.

TYPE: Briefs

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             386 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 12, 2013

New microloans expand small farm finance options in region

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 323  words


New and beginning farmers and ranchers in Delaware now have an agricultural
microloan credit option to consider. As. of Jan. 15, the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Farm Service Agency is offering its customers a microloan designed
to help farmers and ranchers with credit needs of $35,000 or less. The loan
features a streamlined application and a simplified qualification process built
to fit the needs of new and smaller producers.

"This innovative offering will be more customer-friendly than our larger, more
traditional loan programs," said Delaware State Executive Director Robert E.
Walls. "Farms seeking a smaller loan for start-up or operational needs now have
a great new tool to consider."

'Walls continued, "For those selling at farmers markets or through
community-supported agriculture operations, a micro-loan might serve their needs
perfectly, And the reduced paperwork associated with the new microloan will help
expedite the process for everyone."

In 2012, the Farm Service Agency provided $2,241,571 million in farm loan
assistance to agricultural producers of all sizes in Delaware. That year, farm
ownership loans accounted for the majority of the loans extended with 10 loans,
while farm operating loans were fewer at seven. In 2012, there were no emergency
loans written.

"The interest rate of 1.25 percent on the new FSA microloan is also a great
benefit for farmers and ranchers who are just starting out, in need of capital
and on a tight budget," said Walls. "Producers can contact their nearest FSA
office for details and to determine if they qualify for a microloan." The
microloan term can be up to seven years.

Since 2009, USDA has provided more than 128,000 loans to family farmers totaling
more than $18 billion. More than 50 percent of the loans went to beginning and
socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers.

For more information on microloans and other FSA programs, contact a local USDA
service center.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2013 Cape Gazette


                             387 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                January 3, 2017

                       GAIL SCOTT OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH LTD

                                  THE OLD FARM
                                HOUSE LOWER FARM
                              OTMOOR LANE BECKLEY
                                 OXFORD OX3 9TD


TRADE ADDRESS: The Old Farm House Lower Farm Otmoor Lane Beckley, OXFORD OX3 9TD

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 07870625

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: December 5, 2011
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mrs Gail Sarah Scott, Occupational Health
     ·    Mr David Valentine Crombie Scott, It


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Other human health activities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
86900

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Dormant
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  September 29, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  December 5, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  17,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                     100       100       100
Other Current Assets                             100       100       100
Total Current Assets                             100       100       100
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                     100       100       100



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry               100       100       100
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                100       100       100
Called Up Share Capital                          100       100       100
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed         100       100       100
Net Worth                100       100       100
Working Capital          100       100       100
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0      0      0
Current Assets          0      0      0
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      0      0
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 27,710 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
85140 Other human health activities



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -5.36     5.75    39.34
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -5.88     3.45    32.35
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -2.64     3.88    22.64
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              65.48   153.36   298.08
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       13.19        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .71     1.11     2.22
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            15,816.3 21,566.5 29,146.1
                                                          9        7        1
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  12,737.3 18,137.8 26,795.4
                                                          8        2        5
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  22,041.1   34,700   67,400
                                                          8
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  61.54    49.34    33.06



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  7
=        5
Year -1  7
=        5
Year -2  7
=        0
Year -3  3
=        7

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      1         1         1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2017


                             388 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Superior Express (Nebraska)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 16, 2012

Emergency loans available from FSA for drought loss

BYLINE: The Superior Express staff

LENGTH: 255  words


Farmers in Jewell County, who suffered crop or livestock losses because of the
current drought may now apply for Farm Service Agency (FSA) emergency loans.

Smith, Mitchell, and Republic counties also became eligible under the same
designation. Applications for assistance will be accepted by FSA until April 8,
2013.

Loans covering physical production losses are scheduled for repayment as rapidly
as feasible, consistent with the applicant's reasonable ability to pay. The
current interest rate is 2.25 percent but is subject to monthly changes until
the loan is approved.

FSA loans covering physical losses may be used to replace installations,
equipment, livestock or buildings (including homes), lost through this disaster.

FSA loans covering production losses may be used to buy feed, seed, fertilizer,
livestock or to make payments on real estate and chattel debts. Funds can also
be used for other essential operating and living expenses.

To be eligible for an emergency disaster loan, an applicant must be operating a
family size farm or ranch, must be unable to get credit elsewhere and must have
suffered a qualifying physical or production loss from the disaster.

Farmers, who suffered at least a 30 percent reduction to at least one cropping
enterprise, may have a qualifying production loss. Emergency disaster production
loss loans cover 100 percent of qualifying losses.

Farmers and ranchers that think they may be eligible should contact the FSA
County Office in Smith Center or call 785-282-6618 for additional information.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SPX

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2012 The Superior Express


                             389 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                     ICC Financial Analysis Reports (Irish)
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               February 10, 2017

                      BROOKFIELD RENEWABLE IRELAND LIMITED

                                   FLOOR FIVE
                                  CITY QUARTER
                                  LAPP'S QUAY
                                  CORK T12Y05K


TRADE ADDRESS: Floor Five City Quarter Lapp's Quay, CORK T12Y05K

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 0214223600
FAX: 0214223779
URL: www.brookfieldrenewable.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: E0137889

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: December 1, 1988

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  BROOKFIELD RENEWABLE IRELAND HOLDINGS LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  BIF II UK GEN LP



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name                      Turnove
No.                                                     r
NI637803        BRI WIND FARMS 4 LIMITED                0
NI636379        BROOKFIELD GREEN ENERGY NI              0
                LIMITED
NI625898        CROCKANDUN WIND FARM LIMITED      826,621
NI066218        CRAIGNAGAPPLE WIND FARM LIMITED   266,574
NI060087        SEEGRONAN WINDFARM LIMITED        826,621
E0573876        GORTNAKILLA WIND FARM LIMITED           0
E0572166        LISHEEN III WIND FARM LIMITED           0
E0572165        GNEEVES II WIND FARM LIMITED            0
E0572164        KNOCKAWARRIGA II WIND FARM              0
                LIMITED
E0568137        BRI GREEN SERVICES LIMITED              0

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    George Martin
     ·    Tom O'brien
     ·    Ruth Kent
     ·    Kevin Mccarthy
     ·    Kevin Brendan O'regan
     ·    Cornelius O'leary
     ·    John Sexton
     ·    Michael Holland
     ·    Ernest Jennings
     ·    Timothy Hurley
     ·    Martin Hurley
     ·    Padraig O'donoghue
     ·    Denis Lehane
     ·    Con Hallahan
     ·    Gerard Donovan
     ·    Patrick Nyhan
     ·    Cornelius Lehane
     ·    Raymond Collins
     ·    Patrick Hayes
     ·    Cornelius Joseph Duggan


Go To ICC Directors (Irish)
SECRETARY:

     ·    LiamO'Riordan


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Forestry And Logging
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY SIZE:  Company Size / Status unknown

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
0201

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2015

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Type not available
ANNUAL RETURN:  September 30, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  3,920,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 EUR       EUR       EUR
Tangible Assets                              122,172 129,845,9 82,498,69
                                                            55         2
Intangible Assets                             10,807 11,060,68 7,918,087
                                                             8
Total Fixed Assets                           132,978 140,906,6 90,416,77
                                                            44         9
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -    46,980
Cash                                             278 2,874,687 1,639,232
Miscellaneous Current Assets                  89,412 93,695,24   271,724
                                                             3
Other Current Assets                          89,690 96,569,93 1,910,956
                                                             0
Total Current Assets                          89,690 96,569,93 1,957,936
                                                             0
Fixed Assets                                     582 5,081,492 4,826,274
Intermediate Assets                          121,590 124,764,4 77,672,41
                                                            64         8
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -   271,724
TOTAL ASSETS                                 222,669 237,476,5 92,374,71
                                                            73         5



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 EUR       EUR       EUR
Creditors                                         55         -    78,724
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            129,489 59,972,26 19,142,57
                                                             9         1
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                     129,087 59,110,11         -
                                                             7
Due To Group, Current                        125,587 59,110,11         -
                                                             7
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                        403   862,152 19,142,57
                                                                       1
Short Term Loans                             129,087 59,110,11         -
                                                             7
Long Term Loans                               21,373 82,469,49 78,843,11
                                                             0         8
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                       21,373 82,469,49 78,843,11
                                                             0         8
Due To Group, Non Current                     21,373 82,469,49 78,843,11
                                                             0         8
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                       48         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                    129,544 59,972,26 19,221,29
                                                             9         5
Total Long Term Liabilities                   21,421 82,469,49 78,843,11
                                                             0         8
TOTAL LIABILITIES                            150,965 142,441,7 98,064,41
                                                            58         3
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                 71,703 95,034,81  -5689696
                                                             6
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                             71,703 95,034,81  -5689696
                                                             6
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                    93,125 177,504,3 73,153,42
                                                            04         0


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/201 31/12/2014 31/12/201
                           5                    3
                         EUR        EUR       EUR
Total Sales                -          -         -
Cost of Sales              -          -         -
Gross Profit               -          -         -
Operating Profit           -          -         -
Export                     -          -         -
Nontrading Income          -          -         -
Interest Payable           -          -         -
Pretax Profit              -          -         -
Taxation                   -          -         -
Profit After Tax           -          -         -
Dividends Payable          -          -         -
Retained Profits           -          -         -
Value Added                -          -         -
Capital Employed      93,125 177,504,30 73,153,42
                                      4         0
Net Worth             60,897 83,974,128 -13607783
Working Capital       -39853 36,597,661 -17263359
Emp. Renumeration          -          -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -          -         -
Audit Fees                 -          -         -
Non-audit Fees             -          -         -
Depreciation               -          -         -
Number of                  -          -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3 5 Years
                    Years  Years
                      EUR    EUR     EUR
Sales                   -      -       -
Pretax                  -      -       -
Total Assets       -99.91 -99.76   191.6
Current Assets     -99.91 -95.42 9,085.5
                                       7
Current            -99.78 -99.33 680,059
Liabilities
Capital Employed   -99.95 -99.87   21.98
Employee Wages          -      -       -
Number of               -      -       -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 1,241 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
02010 Forestry and logging



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -2.27        0    18.68
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -3.38        0    10.18
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                               -75        0    21.22
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               1.48    11.25   167.74
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       41.66        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .39      .92        2
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -        -        -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    11,000 20,447.1 28,072.1
                                                                   7        9
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  26,085.2 58,083.3 119,960.
                                                          6        3        5
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  56.76    41.18    17.36



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  7
=        8
Year -1  7
=        0
Year -2  9
=        0
Year -3  9
=        0

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                0.69      1.61       0.1
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.69      1.61       0.1
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                        247.07     168.6    -579.4
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.32       0.4     -0.06
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                      35.1     98.21    -579.4
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -      1.68
Total Debt / Working Capital                       -3.78      3.87     -4.57
Total Debt / Total Assets                           0.68       0.6      0.85

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: EUR 93,125

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2017


                             390 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

            ELDON H. DAHL AND JEANETTE M. DAHL v. THE UNITED STATES

                                   No. 599-77

                         United States Court of Claims

                          1982 U.S. Cl. Ct. LEXIS 2539


                                January 25, 1982

CASE SUMMARY:


PROCEDURAL POSTURE: Plaintiff borrowers filed an action against defendant United
States (government) seeking damages for breach of contract and abuse of
administrative discretion due to the government's refusal to advance funds from
a farm operating loan and unilaterally terminating it by withdrawing the funds
from a supervised back account, pursuant to 7 C.F.R. § 1803.10(d) (1977).

OVERVIEW: The borrowers were approved for a government loan. A bank provided the
borrowers with an interim loan pending the release of the funds. The government
refused to release the funds until the bank loan was satisfied. The borrowers
put a second mortgage on their house, thereby, satisfying the bank. The
government disapproved of the subsequent debt and terminated the loan. The
borrowers filed a cause of action against the government, and the court found
for the borrowers. The court found that the loan constituted a contract between
the borrowers and the government. The court held that the government breached
the contract when it terminated the loan, and that the breach constituted an
abuse of administrative discretion. The court also held that because there was
no bad faith, intent to deceive, or misuse of the bank or government funds by
the borrowers, the government was in breach for repudiating its contract
obligations. The court further held that no where in the governing statutes,
regulations, or other contractual documents was there a prohibition against the
borrowers incurring subsequent debt. The court awarded the borrowers foreseeable
losses resulting from the breach.

OUTCOME: The court found in favor of the borrowers in their breach of contract
and abuse of administrative discretion action, and awarded them foreseeable
damages from the government.

CORE TERMS: farm, personal property, borrower, cow, interim, sba, mortgage, golf
course, farming, real estate, loan funds, milk, down payment, supervised,
settlement, bank account, county supervisor, state director, farmer, real
estate, machinery, unilaterally, dairy, loan proceeds, negotiations, crop,
terminated, default, misuse, net income


                            LexisNexis(R) Headnotes


Governments > Agriculture & Food > General Overview
Public Contracts Law > Business Aids & Assistance > General Overview
[HN1] The Farmers Home Administration is responsible for several loan and grant
programs.  7 C.F.R. § 1800.1 (1977). Among them are farm operating loans, 7
U.S.C.S. §§ 1941-47. Operating loan funds may be used for such things as the
purchase of livestock, farm equipment, and feed.  7 C.F.R. § 1831.9 (1977).

Banking Law > Bank Activities > Bank Accounts > General Overview
Public Contracts Law > Business Aids & Assistance > General Overview
[HN2] Supervised bank accounts may be closed by unilateral action of the state
director for the following reasons: death of borrowers, borrower in default,
inactive borrower, or when the borrower is paid up.  7 C.F.R. §
1803.10(d)(1)-(4) (1977).

Contracts Law > Defenses > Ambiguity & Mistake > General Overview
Governments > Federal Government > Claims By & Against
Governments > Federal Government > Employees & Officials
[HN3] The mistaken beliefs of the various federal employees cannot serve to
protect the government from liability.

Contracts Law > Breach > General Overview
Contracts Law > Defenses > Ambiguity & Mistake > General Overview
[HN4] One may not repudiate his contract obligations upon the ground that he
reasonably, though mistakenly, believed that the other party to the contract had
breached it.

Governments > Federal Government > Employees & Officials
[HN5] Procurement officials have to exercise judgment in terminating an
agreement for default.

Governments > Federal Government > Employees & Officials
Public Contracts Law > Business Aids & Assistance > General Overview
[HN6] The government may not use its discretionary power of unilateral
termination under 7 C.F.R. § 1803.10(d) as a useful pretext for the taking of
action felt to be necessary on other grounds unrelated to the borrower's
performance without making a judgment as to the merits of the case. Such
abdication of responsibility is not sanctioned when there is administrative
discretion under a contract.

Public Contracts Law > Business Aids & Assistance > General Overview
[HN7]  7 C.F.R. § 1802.2 (1977) provides: (a) All loans made by the Farmers Home
Administration are designed to assist individual borrower families to attain
specific objectives. Therefore, each borrower family will be provided the
supervision necessary to achieve those objectives and to protect the financial
interest of the government.

Public Contracts Law > Business Aids & Assistance > General Overview
Public Contracts Law > Contract Interpretation > Ambiguities & Contra
Proferentem > General Overview
[HN8] No where in the Farmers Home Administration's governing statutes,
regulations or the other contractual documents is there a prohibition against
the plaintiffs incurring subsequent debt.

Contracts Law > Remedies > Foreseeable Damages > Lost Profits
[HN9] The loss of anticipated profits is a recognized measure of damages, where
the loss is the proximate result of the breach and the fact that there would
have been a profit is established, and there is some basis on which a reasonable
estimate of the amount of the profit can be made.

Contracts Law > Remedies > Foreseeable Damages > General Overview
[HN10] The court will not allow a party to be wronged without at least
attempting to put him in as good a position pecuniarily as he would have been in
if the contract had been completed. Merely because the plaintiffs fail to
establish exact damages with mathematical precision will not defeat their right
to recover. If there is enough evidence adduced to enable the court to make a
fair and reasonable approximation of damages, that will suffice.

Contracts Law > Remedies > Foreseeable Damages > General Overview
[HN11] A plaintiff can get a judgment for damages measured by his resulting
injury so far as the defendant has reason to foresee such injury when the
contract was made.

Contracts Law > Remedies > General Overview
[HN12] The ascertainment of damages is not an exact science, and where
responsibility for damage is clear, it is not essential that the amount thereof
be ascertainable with absolute exactness or mathematical precision. It is enough
if the evidence adduced is sufficient to enable a court or jury to make a fair
and reasonable approximation.

Public Contracts Law > Business Aids & Assistance > General Overview
[HN13]  7 C.F.R. § 1831.32(b) (1977) provides: (ii) If it is found, after an
applicant has been certified as eligible, that there will be a major change in
operations or that an amount of credit in excess of the maximum previously
established by the County Committee will be required for the designated corp or
operating year, it will be necessary for the County Committee again to certify
the applicant as eligible on the basis of the changed circumstances if a loan is
to be made.

COUNSEL:  [*1]  Charles A. Bird, attorney of record for plaintiffs.

Frank M. Rapoport, with whom was Acting Assistant Attorney General Thomas S.
Martin for defendant.

OPINION BY: YOCK

OPINION

OPINION *

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

* The recommended decision and findings of fact are submitted in accordance with
Rule 134(h).
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

YOCK, Trial Judge: The plaintiffs, Eldon H. and Jeanette M. Dahl, are husband
and wife.  They reside in southeastern Minnesota near Rushford, which is located
in Fillmore County.  The defendant is the United States of America acting
through the Farmers Home Administration (FmHA), an agency within the Department
of Agriculture.  Jurisdiction is founded on 28 U.S.C.  § 1491 (Supp. III 1979).

The plaintiffs claim damages for the defendant's breach of a contract to loan
money.They claim that the defendant made a farm operating loan to them under the
authority of 7 U.S.C.  §§ 1941-47 (Supp. IV 1950).  Later, however, the
defendant refused to advance the funds and unilaterally terminated the loan by
withdrawing funds from a supervised bank account, thereby breaching the contract
to loan money.  Further, the plaintiffs claim that this unilateral termination
was an abuse of administrative discretion.  [*2]  In addition, they ask for the
return of interest paid on the loan proceeds.

For the reasons set forth herein, it is concluded that the plaintiffs are
entitled to recover.

Facts

The FmHA makes low-interest loans to farmers who are unable to obtain credit
elsewhere from commercial sources.  The loans are designed to assist in the
continuation of the farmily farm or the creation of family farm units in the
United States.   [HN1] The FmHA is responsible for several loan and grant
programs.  7 C.F.R.  § 1800.1 (1977).  Among them are farm operating loans, 7
U.S.C.  §§ 1941-47 (Supp. IV 1980), and farm real estate purchase loans, 7
U.S.C.  §§ 1922-34 (Supp. IV 1980).  Operating loan funds may be used for such
things as the purchase of livestock, farm equipment and feed.  7 C.F.R.  §
1831.9 (1977).

Although the programs are national in scope, FmHA loans are made through local
county offices which are run by a county supervisor. The county supervisor in
turn reports to a district director.  The program in each state is run by a
state director.

The FmHA county office keeps a file on the transactions of each borrower. Part
of this file is the running record in which all borrower [*3]  contacts or
borrower-related contacts are to be noted.  The running record in the Dahl file
is incomplete as to many of the contacts; entries were made after the fact;
entries are undated or misdated; and parts of the pages in the running record
were torn off, or otherwise mutilated or unreadable.  Thus, the running record
in this case does not provide the complete picture of what occurred in this
transaction.

During the winter of 1975-76, the plaintiff, Mr. Eldon Dahl, first came into
contact with Mr. Lynn Peterson, the FmHA County Supervisor serving Houston and
Fillmore Counties in southeastern Minnesota.  On one occasion, Mr. Peterson
spoke before a farm management vocational class attended by Mr. Dahl at the
Winona Area Technical Institute in Winona, Minnesota.  At that time, Mr.
Peterson explained to the class the various farm loan assistance programs
offered by the FmHA and available to local farmers. Specifically, he pointed out
that to receive a farm operating loan, a farmer makes a written application to
the county office and submits a Farm and Home Plan (farm plan).  The farm plan
consists of a balance sheet presentation of assets and liabilities, cash flow
analysis and [*4]  the proposed use of the loan funds.

On May 17, 1976, Mr. Dahl went to see Mr. Peterson at the FmHA office in
Preston, Minnesota, to discuss securing an operating loan to purchase livestock
and machinery in connection with a possible purchase of a 160-acre farm owned by
Mr. Merle Hatleli and his wife.  The plaintiffs intended to sell their house
located adjacent to a golf course near Rushford, Minnesota, (golf course house)
to raise the proceeds for a down payment on the Hatleli farm. Mr. Dahl, with the
assistance of Mr. Peterson, filled out a farm plan and completed a FmHA
application for an operating loan.  Sale negotiations subsequently fell through
and no sale of the Hatleli farm was completed at that time.

However, in late August or early September of 1976, the Hatlelis again contacted
the plaintiffs and indicated their renewed desire to sell their farm. One
necessary term was that there be one sale of both the real estate and the
personal property located on the farm such as the cows, machinery and feed.

Mr. Dahl again contacted Mr. Peterson in September of 1976 and arranged to meet
him at the Hatleli farm. On September 21, 1976, Mr. Peterson and Mr. Dahl
together [*5]  visited the Hatleli farm for the purpose of assessing the value
of the farm and the personal property. The Hatlelis were asking $ 160,000 for
the farm real estate and $ 48,500 for the personal property located on the farm.
After the visit, Mr. Peterson and Mr. Dahl discussed the terms in Peterson's
car.  Mr. Peterson thought that the Hatlelis were getting maximum value for
their farm, but because the barn and house were in excellent shape, the farm
all-in-all would make a good purchase.  Mr. Peterson recommended that if the
Dahls wanted to go into farming and wanted the farm, they should buy it.  Also
he indicated there would be no problem getting approval of a FmHA operating
loan, because of the Dahls' background in family farming and Mr. Dahl's
vocational training in farm management.  Both parties agreed that the Hatlelis'
Brown Swiss cows should be sold in the coming spring and new Holstein cows
purchased in their place.  They also agreed that some other equipment, including
a tractor, should be sold and replaced.  Both parties then left the Hatleli farm
. On September 24, 1976, Mr. Dahl returned to Mr. Peterson's office in Preston
to fill out a new farm plan and reactivate the [*6]  original application for an
operating loan.

On September 27, 1976, the plaintiffs signed an earnest money contract on the
Hatleli farm and personal property. The terms were $ 48,500 for the personal
property and $ 160,000 for the real estate. Of the $ 16,000 cash down payment, $
1,000 was applied to the real estate and $ 15,000 was applied to the personal
property. Payment of the balance due on the personal property and closing of the
personal property were set for November 1, 1976.  Possession of the farm was
also set for November 1, 1976.  The sale of the real estate was on a 20-year
installment contract for deed.  An additional $ 39,000 was due on the real
estate down payment on January 1, 1977, the date set for the real estate
closing.

On October 4, 1976, Mr. Dahl submitted the completed farm plan to Mr. Peterson,
who reviewed the plan and application as required by 7 C.F.R.  § 1801.3(b)
(1977).  The time period for the farm plan was February 1, 1977 to February 1,
1978.  One essential element of the October 4 farm plan was the intention to
sell the Hatlelis' Brown Swiss cows and replace them the following spring with
the better milk-producing Holstein cows. The balance [*7]  of the operating loan
funds was to be used to purchase a bulk tank for milk storage and a half
interest in a tractor.  The second essential element was that the Dahls intended
to sell their golf course house to realize the equity of approximately $ 27,000.
This equity was to be used towards the down payment on the real property portion
of the Hatleli contract.  Since the Dahls would be living in the Hatleli farm
house, there would be no need to keep their golf course house.

Both Eldon and Jeanette Dahl were born and raised on family farms located in and
around Fillmore County, Minnesota.  They both grew up with other siblings in the
family and assisted their parents in operating the family farm. In addition,
they had previously lived on a family farm as a married couple.

After reviewing the Dahls' farm plan and application and determining that the
Dahls were or could be the type of farm family that the loan program was
designed to assist (farm background, education, etc.), Mr. Peterson sent the
file to the County Committee.  The County Committee is composed of three
individuals residing in the county, at least two of whom make their living
principally by farming. They determine [*8]  if an applicant is eligible for a
loan.  The determination of eligibility encompasses a review of the borrower's
financial status to determine, among other things, that the borrower is unable
to secure a loan elsewhere from normal commercial sources and that the borrower
has a reasonable prospect of success in the proposed operation.  7 C.F.R.  §§
1801.3(a)(2), 1831.5 (1977).  If a borrower is eligible, the County Committee
certifies the eligibility and establishes the maximum amount of credit which may
be extended to the borrower to meet actual needs.  7 C.F.R.  § 1831.7 (1977).
On October 27, 1976, the County Committee certified that Mr. Dahl was eligible
and recommended that the Dahls be granted a farm operating loan not to exceed $
35,000.

After certification, it is the responsibility of the county supervisor to decide
whether or not to approve a loan.  This administrative determination includes
whether:

(1) The applicant is eligible and likely to be successful in the proposed
operations and to achieve the objectives of the loan.

(2) The applicant has available, under satisfactory tenure arrangements, a unit
adequate in size and productivity to reasonably expect success,  [*9]  taking
into consideration farm and other income including income from a recreational or
other nonfarm enterprise.

(3) Plans have been made and documented for:

(i) A suitable system of farming or type of recreation or other nonfarm
enterprise.

(ii) The crucial adjustments and improvements and key practices essential for
the applicant's success.

(iii) Effective supervision and corrective action.

(4) The proposed farm and home operations, and recreational or other nonfarm
enterprise(s) of the applicant are feasible.

(5) The loan is feasible and can be repaid from income as scheduled, except as
provided in § 1831.11(a)(4), with respect to the last installment.

(6) The amount of the loan and the purposes for which the funds are to be used
are consistent with the applicant's needs and are for authorized purposes.

(7) The security requirements can be met.

(8) The certifications required of the applicant and County Committee have been
made and are a part of the loan docket.

(9) The loan meets all other FmHA requirements.

7 C.F.R.  § 1831.14 (1977).

Shortly after the County Committee certification, Mr. Peterson made an undated
entry in the running record [*10]  which stated:

To enable young man to purchase livestock & mach. he will sell cattle on farm
(Brown Swiss) & use our money to purchase machinery & cattle in spring.

Loan approved [signed] Lynn R. Peterson c/s

On November 8, 1976, Mr. Peterson formally approved the $ 35,000 operating loan
to the Dahls, repayable over 7 years.  He forwarded the appropriate obligational
documents to the FmHA national finance office for processing of the loan check.

The loan approval document states:

I HEREBY CERTIFY that all of the committee and administrative determinations and
certifications required by law or regulations prerequisite to providing
assistance of the type indicated above have been made and that evidence thereof
is in the docket, and that all requirements of pertinent regulations and laws
have been complied with.  I hereby approve the above-described assistance in the
amount set forth above, and by this document, subject to the availability of
funds, the Government agrees to advance such amount to the applicant for the
purposes of and subject to the conditions prescribed by the laws and regulations
applicable to this type of assistance. [Emphasis added.]

Processing of [*11]  loan checks takes approximately 6 weeks from loan approval.
In order for the balance of the personal property down payment to be made to the
Hatlelis, interim financing was arranged through the First National Bank of
Rushford, Minnesota (the bank).  Sometime after October 27, 1976, Mr. Peterson
and responded to a call from Mr. Albert Spande, an officer of the bank.  Mr.
Peterson told Mr. Spande that the Dahl farm operating loan would be approved.Mr.
Spande requested a letter confirming this, which Mr. Peterson forwarded on
November 12, 1976, stating:

We have approved a $ 35,000 loan to enable Mr. Dahl to purchase livestock and
machinery. If it becomes necessary for Mr. Dahl to purchase items included in
our loan, we will be glad to pay them off at the time we get our funds.

It was the custom and practice in the southeastern Minnesota banking community
to grant FmHA borrowers interim unsecured loans when the FmHA had obligated
itself to the borrower, but the funds had not yet been received at the local
FmHA office.  The November 12 letter written by Mr. Peterson to the bank
informing it that a FmHA loan had been approved for the Dahls was a part of the
custom and practice established [*12]  by the banks in cooperation with the
FmHA.  What legal implications such a letter had, however, were in sharp dispute
in this case.  The bank viewed the letter as a guarantee and that the FmHA had a
legal and moral ogligation to make the interim loan good in the event the
borrower defaulted.  The FmHA took the position that there was no legal or moral
commitment (nor legal authority to pay) contained in the letter of November 12.
The letter was merely an informational letter that the bank could use for
whatever purpose it chose.

On or about November 2, 1976, Mr. Dahl took possession of the personal property
on the Hatleli farm. He immediately discovered that many of the cows had been
misrepresented as being pregnant.  He also discovered that the quantity of feed
and crops was too low to adequately feed the cows over the winter because the
Hatlelis had been using the feed in the barn instead of pasturing the cows.
There were also mechanical problems with the farm machinery. Throughout November
1976 these facts were relayed by Mr. Dahl to Mr. Peterson and were brought to
the attention of the Dahls' attorney, Mr. David Joerg, of Preston, Minnesota.

On November 5, 1976, an employee [*13]  of the bank went to the Dahl residence
and the plaintiffs executed an unsecured promissory note for $ 35,000 payable to
the bank on December 15, 1976, the approximate date of the FmHA loan closing.
The bank did not seek or take any security for this interim loan transaction.
However, the note did indicate on its face that the purpose of the loan was for
a "down payment on the farm." The plaintiffs used the proceeds of the loan to
pay the required $ 35,000 balance for the personal property. Although the
contract with the Hatlelis required that the real estate down payment and the
payment for the personal property be placed in a trust account at the Rushford
State Bank until January 1, 1977, the Hatelis apparently received all or a
significant portion of the money directly in November 1976.  Thus, at the time
of the initial bank interim financing, the bank's funds were used for an
authorized FmHA operating loan purpose, i.e., the purchase of the Hatleli
personal property.

Mr. Dahl's dissatisfaction with the Hatleli personal property led him to consult
his attorney on November 10, 1976 for the purposes of seeking a settlement of
the personal property problem.  On December 2, 1976,  [*14]  his attorney sent
the Hatlelis a formal notice of rescission of the sale of the personal property
part of the transaction.  It was the Dahls' intention throughout this settlement
process to attempt to rescind the personal property portion of the Hatleli
transaction while still preserving and continuing with the purchase of the real
estate portion of the transaction.  Settlement negotiations with the Hatlelis
continued throughout November and December because they would not return the $
51,000 paid by the Dahls.  Mr. Peterson was kept apprised of these negotiations
by Mr. Dahl.

Meanwhile on November 26, 1976, Mr. Peterson had notified the Dahls that the
FmHA loan check had been received and that closing on the FmHA operating loan
was scheduled for December 3, 1976.  However, the loan closing was later
rescheduled for December 13, 1976.

On December 13, 1976, the FmHA farm operating loan for $ 35,000 was closed at
the FmHA office in Preston, Minnesota.  Interest began to accrue on the loan
proceeds as of that date.  The loan provided for repayment in seven annual
installments due on January 1 of each succeeding year.  At the closing,
plaintiffs signed a promissory note, a security [*15]  agreement and a deposit
agreement for a supervised bank account.

The proceeds of the FmHA loan were deposited in a supervised bank account at the
First National Bank of Rushford.  This is the normal financial arrangement in
loans of this type, where the FmHA supervises the borrower to make certain that
the loan proceeds are used for the intended purposes of the farm plan and that
the borrower is not taken advantage of by unscrupulous vendors.  Withdrawals may
be made only with the joint signatures of the county supervisor and the
borrower. 7 C.F.R.  § 1803.1-.11 (1977).  The security agreement provided that
the FmHA would take an immediate security interest in the plaintiffs' crops in
the field or in storage.  No specific security interest was taken in the
machinery and farm animals except as to those items that might thereafter be
acquired.  Nothing was listed because the personal property part of the
transaction was still in the process of settlement negotiations.

When the loan was closed on December 13, 1976, Mr. Peterson, the county
supervisor and authorized agent of the defendant, knew that the Hatleli personal
property was being rejected and that there were problems getting [*16]  the
Hatlelis to return the money paid for the personal property, including the
bank's interim loan proceeds.  Despite this knowledge, Mr. Peterson closed the
loan on behalf of the FmHA.  He further encouraged Mr. Dahl to continue with the
real estate portion of the contract and to resolve his problems with the
Hatlelis as to the personal property portion of the transaction.  As of the
December 13, 1976 loan closing, the FmHA made a contract to lend the plaintiffs
the funds for the purposes provided in the October 4, 1976 farm plan.

On December 15, 1976, the due date of the Dahls' promissory note to the bank on
the interim loan, Messrs. Dahl, Peterson and Spande met in Mr. Spande's office
at the bank.  The purpose of the meeting was for all parties concerned with the
Dahls' interim, loan to be apprised of the status of the loan and the underlying
Hatleli settlement negotiations. Mr. Spande made it clear to Mr. Dahl and Mr.
Peterson that he expected payment on the interim loan as soon as possible from
either Mr. Dahl or from he FmHA loan proceeds now in the supervised bank account
(sba).  Mr. Peterson indicated that the FmHA could not release the sba funds to
the bank until such time [*17]  as the Hatleli legal tangles had been cleared up
so that the FmHA could be sure that the funds would be spent for the authorized
farm plan purposes.  Mr. Dahl indicated that he was in no position to repay the
interim loan until the Hatleli settlement on the personal property had been
achieved.  Mr. Dahl indicated that the negotiations appeared to be going well.
He advised that it was his intention to rescind the personal property part of
the Hatleli transaction and to go forward with the purchase of the real estate
portion.  If such a settlement did work out, then he would be in a position to
sell the golf course house and use those funds to pay off the bank or otherwise
release the FmHA funds to the bank and use the house equity funds for the
purchase of the personal property. All parties agreed that the Hatleli problems
had to be resolved first and then the loan repayment would be resolved.  The
meeting ended with this understanding.  All parties agreed to work together to
achieve this goal.  At that time, Mr. Spande extended the due date on the Dahls'
promissory note from December 15, 1976 to February 15, 1977.

On January 3, 1977, the Hatlelis and the Dahls signed a new sales [*18]
contract for the purchase of only the real estate. This settlement agreement,
obtained within 60 days of when the personal property misrepresentation was
first discovered by Mr. Dahl, solved the legal problems with the personal
property. This new contract for deed delayed the first installment payment until
December 1, 1977.  It also raised the sales price by $ 5,000; however, this was
not payable until the end of the 20-year contract for deed term.  As a down
payment, the Hatlelis retained $ 40,000 from the $ 51,000 originally paid for
the combined real estate and personal property transaction.

On January 4, 1977, the Dahls made the first scheduled payment due on the FmHA
loan.  The payment of $ 303.00 was applied as follows: $ 118.41 to principal and
$ 184.59 to interest.

On January 6, 1977, with the money returned by the Hatlelis, the Dahls made an $
8,000.00 payment to the bank on the interim loan.  It was applied as follows: $
7,426.39 to principal and $ 573.61 to interest.  This left the principal balance
of the interim loan that the Dahls still owed the bank at $ 27,573.61.

Under the October 4, 1976 farm plan and the original contract, it was necessary
for the Dahls [*19]  to sell their golf course house to make the down payment on
the Hatleli real estate. At that time, they took all necessary steps to list and
sell the house.  After discovering the defects in the Hatleli personal property,
they took the home off the market awaiting the outcome of the Hatleli settlement
negotiations. If the Hatleli sale were to fall through entirely, then they
would, of course, need a house to live in.  Such actions were entirely
reasonable under the developing circumstances.

The Dahls promptly relisted their house for sale upon the signing of the new
real estate contract with the Hatlelis on January 3, 1977.  Despite having been
used originally to purchase the Hatleli personal property, part of the bank's
interim loan money went towards the down payment on the real estate when the
Hatleli personal property contract problem was settled.  The bank's moines were
substituted for the funds that had been expected from the sale of Dahls' house.

On January 26, 1977, Mr. Peterson wrote Mr. Dahl:

Please stop at our office some Monday in the near future to clarify the
following:

1.  If our FmHA money is to be used to to buy livestock, how are you going to
pay the First [*20]  National Bank back for the advance they made which we all
felt was for chattels, but apparently was used for farm downpayment?

2.  We would like to have a copy of the contract for deed on the farm.

Please take care of this in the near future (within two weeks).

In early February of 1977, Mr. Dahl requested that the FmHA release some of the
funds in the sba to purchase dairy cows as listed in the farm plan, which
covered the period of time from February 1, 1977 to February 1, 1978.  Mr.
Peterson refused to release the funds until the bank was repaid or secured by
the Dahls.  A similar request to release funds to purchase the half interest in
a tractor was likewise refused.  This was done, even though the Dahls had
actually repaid approximately $ 7,500 of the $ 35,000 interim bank loan.

In addition, although Mr. Peterson took the position that the FmHA had no legal
obligation to the bank (notwithstanding his November 12, 1976 letter,
characterized by the bank as a "letter of guarantee"), the FmHA was
"encouraging" the Dahls to sell their golf course house and repay the bank's
interim loan in order that the FmHA might keep cordial business relations with
the bank.  The "encouragement"  [*21]  to sell the house and repay the bank was
enforced by Mr. Peterson's (and his successor's) refusal to release any of the
sba funds for use by the Dahls to purchase the necessary operating personal
property.

At this point, the Dahls clearly were getting into a financial bind.  The real
estate market was slow and they could not sell the golf course house, which
would yield the money needed to repay the bank.  Until they repaid the bank, the
FmHA was refusing to release the farm operating loan money in the sba. Without
the operating loan money, the Dahls could not purchase the cows needed to start
their dairy herd, nor the seed to plant, nor the tractor needed to plant the
seed.  In short, spring was quickly approaching and the Dahls were stuck with a
farm but no personal property to run it and make it a financial success.  All of
the above was happening notwithstanding the FmHA's contractual obligations to
the Dahls.

On February 22, 1977, Mr. Dahl and Mr. Peterson met and Mr. Peterson filled out
the asset and liability portion of another farm plan on the Dahls' behalf.  This
showed total assets of $ 246,300 and liabilities of $ 201,090.  The Dahls' net
worth was then $ 45,210,  [*22]  which had varied only slightly from their net
worth on October 4, 1976.  During all of the meetings held between the two men
in February, Mr. Peterson was still manifesting a willingness to work with the
Dahls by urging them to continue trying to sell their house to repay the bank's
loan.  The Dahls' house was on the real estate market and the Dahls were doing
their best to sell it.

On or about February 28, 1977, Mr. Peterson resigned his position with the FmHA
to begin a new life as a dairy farmer in Wisconsin.  He made no written summary
of the events which had transpired in regard to the Dahl matter nor did he make
any written recommendations for future action by his successors.  At trial, Mr.
Peterson testified that even with all the problems that had transpired, if the
Dahls had repaid or secured the interim loan at the bank (through the sale of
the golf course house or in another manner), he would have released or
recommended that the funds in the sba be released to the Dahls so that they
could start the dairy farming operation.

On February 25, 1977, Mr. Gregory Kalinowski was appointed acting county
supervisor from February 28, 1977 to April 29, 1977.  This was a temporary [*23]
appointment because Mr. Kalinowski also was leaving the FmHA.  Early in March,
Mr. Dahl and Mr. Kalinowski met in an attempt to get the problems resolved so
that some or all of the funds in the sba could be released.  Mr. Kalinowski
reviewed the incomplete running record; however, he never attempted to contact
his predecessor, Mr. Peterson.  He concluded that the bank's funds and the FmHA
funds were the same dollars and that they had been used for an improper
purpose--to buy real estate. Thus, Mr. Kalinowski would not authorize the
release of the operating loan funds in the sba to Mr. Dahl either.

Throughout March of 1977, the bank continued to pressure Mr. Kalinokwski (just
as it had done to Mr. Peterson in January and February) to release the funds in
the sba to the bank and to secure the FmHA loan by taking a second mortgage on
the Dahls' golf course house or by converting the operating loan to a real
estate loan.  Mr. Kalinowski also continued to resist the bank's request.

On April 12, 1977, Mr. Kalinowski summarized in the running record the history
of the Dahl matter as he understood it, since he also was leaving the FmHA to
pursue a career in farming. However, he made [*24]  no recommendation as to how
he thought the Dahl matter should be handled by his successors.  Mr. Kalinowski
left FhHA employment on April 15, 1977.  He also testified at trial, that
unilateral withdrawal of loan funds by the FmHA was an extreme sanction, which
he never before had heard of being used during his 3 years of FmHA experience.
He also concluded that the Dahl matter was not that extreme or unusual a case to
justify such an extreme action.

On April 18, 1977, the district director, Mr. Bruce Bailey, after reviewing the
running record, decided that the state office should be notified of the prior
developments.  He did not contact Mr. Peterson or Mr. Dahl.  In his running
record summary forwarding the entire Dahl file to the state director, Mr. Bailey
noted that the bank wanted the FmHA to take a second mortgage on plaintiffs'
house and eventually be repaid out of the proceeds from a subsequent sale.  Mr.
Bailey also commented on the "uncomfortable" position the FmHA was in vis a vis
the bank, and that the FmHA was in this uncomfortable position due to the
borrowers' foul up.  The blame was placed squarely on the Dahls.

During the mid-1960's in connection with a previous [*25]  FmHA loan made out of
the Preston, Minnesota FmHA office, Mr. Bailey and Mr. Dahl had had some
disagreements.  It was clear that a certain amount of personal animosity existed
between the two men, although Mr. Bailey denied recommending withdrawal of the
loan funds based on any past disagreements.  The speed with which Mr. Bailey
took this action, and some of the comments appearing in the running record,
however, indicate otherwise.

The next day, on April 19, 1977, the file was reviewed in the state office by
Mr. Leslie Matts, Chief of Farmers Programs for Minnesota, then also Acting
State Director of the FmHA.  He replied to Mr. Bailey on that same day:

We have reviewed the file and also reviewed the circumstances with the National
Office.

We regret the way in which they case was handled and the comment from the County
Supervisor, however, he could not commit the U.S. Government to close the
transaction when conditions completely changed.

We would suggest that you further contact the borrower and the bank and assist
in any manner that you can so that the bank would get security on the proceeds
from the house and security in the real estate. There is no legal way we can
[*26]  release funds from supervised bank account to pay the bank for funds that
went into real estate.

The borrower should also be requested to co-sign a check withdrawing money from
the supervised bank account plus an additional amount for interest that has
accrued.

After receiving these directions from the state office, Mr. Bailey wrote
plaintiffs on April 23, 1977, requesting that they co-sign a check which would
have the effect of voluntarily terminating the farm operating loan contract and
returning the funds to the FmHA.  The plaintiffs did not comply with this
request.

On or about April 18, 1977, Mr. Spande contacted Mr. Bailey again to discuss the
Dahl problem now that Mr. Bailey had assumed acting county supervisory control
over the FmHA office in Preston, Minnesota.  He reiterated the entire history of
the case and reminded Mr. Bailey that the FmHA had agreed under Mr. Peterson and
Mr. Kalinowski to work with the Dahls and the bank.  Since the Dahls had not yet
been able to sell their golf course house, Mr. Spande suggested again that the
FmHA take a second mortgage on the house and then release the funds in the sba
to the bank.  Another alternative discussed was for the [*27]  FmHA to convert
the operating loan to a real estate loan and to take a mortgage on the farm. Mr.
Spande insisted that the FmHA had the flexibility and discretionary authority to
do either of the above.  Mr. Bailey, however, categorically refused to consider
either avenue.  From this discussion, Mr. Spande was left with the impression
that Mr. Bailey would do nothing further to assist the Dahls and the bank.  Mr.
Bailey further denied any FmHA legal responsibility to the bank based on the
November 12, 1976 "guarantee" letter.

After the above conversation, Mr. Spande contacted the Dahls to obtain security
on the interim loan.  He asked the Dahls to give the bank a second mortgage on
the golf course house and to list the house with the bank's real estate agent.
The Dahls readily agreed to both requests in order to secure the bank and get
the FmHA operating loan funds released.  On April 29, 1977, the bank took a
second mortgage for $ 28,439.11 on the Dahls' golf course house.  This mortgage
bore interest at the rate of 10 percent payable annually.  The bank was then
fully secured on its interim loan and thus no longer pressured the FmHA to bail
it out.

Shortly thereafter, Mr.  [*28]  Dahl requested an appointment with Mr. Bailey,
and on May 5, 1977, they met.  He advised Mr. Bailey that the bank was now
secured and would no longer pressure the FmHA.  Since this impediment had been
removed and the parties were back in the position contemplated by the October 4,
1976 farm plan, he requested the release of the operating loan funds so he could
begin his spring planting, buying of cows, and other farm activities.  At this
meeting, Mr. Bailey unequivocally refused to allow the plaintiffs to use the
loan proceeds.  It made no difference to Mr. Bailey that the plaintiffs had
secured the bank and that they were now in the same economic position as
presented in the October 4, 1976 farm plan.

When Mr. Dahl refused to sign a check that would have voluntarily terminated the
loan, Mr. Bailey informed him that he would forward the entire file to the state
director, with a recommendation that the loan be unilaterally terminated. The
file was forwarded on the same day, May 5, 1977.

In his cover letter to the state office, Mr. Bailey recommended that the state
director use his discretionary authority to unilaterally withdraw the funds from
the supervised bank account, thereby [*29]  terminating the loan.  This
recommendation was based upon Mr. Bailey's incorrect observations that: (1) the
plaintiffs had attempted to misuse the funds and (2) that the plaintiffs' debt
picture had changed substantially because they now had a $ 27,000 liability
which had not existed when the October 4 farm plan had been executed.  This
recommendation ignored the fact that the $ 27,000 liability was fully secured in
the equity in the Dahls' house and that this equity always had been intended to
be used toward the purchase of the Hatleli real estate. The cover letter makes
clear that Mr. Bailey wanted out of the loan contract with the Dahls because
"after what had transpired we should not become re-involved." It also indicates
that Mr. Dahl may contact his Congressman; that Mr. Dahl "has problems with
people and situations"; that he had a back injury and possibly should give up
farming; and it alludes to some "old history" of bad blood between the two men.

[HN2] Supervised bank accounts may be closed by unilateral action of the state
director for the following reasons: death of borrowers, borrower in default,
inactive borrower or when the borrower is paid up.  7 C.F.R.  §
1803.10(d)(1)-(4)  [*30]  (1977).  None of the above applies to the facts in
this case.  Unilateral terminations of loans are rarely done by the FmHA and
only in the most extreme and unusual circumstances.

On May 12, 1977, without any investigation, the state director wrote the bank
and unilaterally ordered the supervised bank account closed and the funds sent
to the FmHA.  The bank complied on May 25, 1977.  The $ 35,000.00 in the sba was
applied as follows: $ 1,187.41 to interest, $ 33,812.59 to principal.

At the time the sba was closed, the Dahls were not in default on their
promissory into to the FmHA.  They had already made the one payment that had
come due.The next payment was not due until January 1, 1978.  They had fulfilled
all their other obligations under the contract.

No funds were ever withdrawn from the sba because the FmHA would never permit
it.  The only requests for withdrawals were for the purchase of cows and
personal property as outlined in the farm plan.  No misuse of federal funds took
place, since among other reasons, none were ever expended from the sba. Despite
the fact that the plaintiffs had repaid the bank approximately $ 8,000, the FmHA
would not release any funds.  Even [*31]  after the bank's loan was secured, the
FmHA would not release the funds.

On November 19, 1977, the plaintiffs paid the FmHA an additional $ 1,114.88
under protest, as the FmHA would not release its security interest in the
plaintiffs' crops.  This payment was applied as follows: $ 45.88 to interest and
$ 1,069.00 to principal.  This closed out the entire Dahl transaction with the
FmHA.

By the middle of May of any given year, most farmers in this area of Minnesota
have already planted their crops and are well into the productive farm season.
Needless to say, without the release of the operating loan funds tied up in the
sba, the Dahls could not purchase the cows to milk, the seed to plant, nor
purchase the tractor necessary to farm the land.  The Dahls' dream of owning and
operating their own family dairly farm had quickly turned into a nightmare.  In
short, the Dahls had purchased a farm on the strength of an FmHA commitment that
they would be given a $ 35,000 farm operating loan to run it, and that
commitment was unilaterally terminated by the FmHA.  The appropriateness of that
unilateral termination forms the critical question in this case.

On December 19, 1977, plaintiffs [*32]  filed their petition in this court
alleging breach of contract, abuse of administrative discretion and asking for
appropriate damages.

Discussion

Plaintiffs claim that they had a farm operating loan contract with the FmHA
under the authority of 7 U.S.C.  §§ 1941-47 (Supp. IV 1980).  They further
assert that the FmHA breached that contract when it unilaterally withdrew the
money from the supervised bank account without legally sufficient reasons.
Plaintiffs acknowledge that the FmHA had the discretionary authority to
unilaterally withdraw funds under its regulations 7 C.F.R.  § 1803.10(d)(1)-(4)
(1977), but they argue that this case presents none of the circumstances
contained in the regulations, i.e., death of a borrower, borrower in default,
inactive borrower, or a paid up borrower. Plaintiffs even acknowledge that there
may be discretionary authority in these and other FmHA regulations to
unilaterally withdraw funds in the event of attempted misuse of FmHA funds by
borrowers. However, they hasten to add that there was no attempted misuse of
FmHA funds in this case.  In short, the plaintiffs allege that the FmHA breached
the contract to loan money when it unilaterally withdrew [*33]  the money from
the supervised bank account without having adequate legal reason under the
factual circumstances of this case.

The defendant counters the plaintiffs' claim by asserting that this is not a
typical case of a contract to loan money, but that the Government is "extending
no more than a gratutity," to borrowers. The defendant then asserts that the
state director properly exercised his discretion when he unilaterally withdrew
the funds after: (1) being apprised of the plaintiffs' misuse of the interim
bank financing; and (2) determining that the plaintiffs no longer had any
reasonable chance of success at farming in view of their new home mortgage
commitment to the bank.

As indicated earlier, for the reasons discussed herein, this court finds for the
plaintiffs.

Liability

The FmHA farm operating loan program is an expression of national public policy
enacted by Congress to encourage and assist family farming. However, operating
loans are not just an extension of a gratuity as the Government asserts.  There
was a contract in being between the plaintiffs and the defendant in this case.

The plaintiffs applied for an FmHA loan and were found eligible under all [*34]
the applicable regulations by the County Committee.  The county supervisor
approved the loan and forwarded the necessary obligational documents to the FmHA
national finance office.  The funds, in due time, were received by the local
county office and there was a loan closing.  The plaintiffs received the money
(in joint control with the FmHA) after executing a promissory note and security
agreement in favor of the FmHA.  The FmHA even received the first interest
payment when due, less than 30 days after the December 13, 1976 loan closing.
In short, promises were made and obligations assumed by both parties to this
contract.  The classical elements of a contract are present.  This court thus
finds that the series of transactions culminating in the loan closing on
December 13, 1976, was a contract to loan money to the Dahls for the purposes
outlined in the October 4, 1976 farm plan.

The critical question in this case remains, was the defendant legally justified
in unilaterally terminating the plaintiffs' farm operating loan contract.  This
court finds that it was not.

First and foremost, there was no misuse of funds by the plaintiffs as asserted
by the Government.  By contract [*35]  with the FmHA, the plaintiffs borrowed $
35,000 of federal funds as a farm operating loan.  None of that federal money
was ever used for anything--authorized or unauthorized.  The funds remained in
the supervised bank account, until the defendant unilaterally terminated the
contract.

What was used (or allegedly misused according to the Government), was the bank's
interim financing funds.  These funds were to be used, and in fact were so used,
for the purchase of the Hatleli farm machinery and cows. After this proper use,
the plaintiffs discovered that the Hatlelis had misrepresented the soundness and
value of their cows and machinery. The Dahls then took the perfectly reasonable
business approach of consulting their lawyer, and, at the same time keeping the
FmHA county supervisor apprised.  The lawyer, no stranger himself to FmHA
regulations, recommended a course of action that ultimately resulted in a
settlement with the Hatlelis in the record time of 60 days.  The settlement
agreement applied part of the original personal property payment ($ 40,000 of
the original $ 51,000 total payment) to the new real estate contract.  Part of
the remainder ($ 8,000) was repaid to the bank.  [*36]  Some of the bank's money
($ 27,000), which was applied 60 days earlier to the personal property part of
the original Hatleli transaction, was therefore applied to the real estate
portion in settlement. Thus, part of the properly used interim financing funds
ended up being used for the real estate down payment.

However, there was no bad faith, intent to deceive, or misuse of funds involved
in this settlement at all.  There was no bad faith on the part of the
plaintiffs, their lawyer, Mr. Peterson, or the bank.  It is interesting to note
that the bank never asserted that its interim loan funds had been misused.  Both
Mr. Peterson and Mr. Spande knew that the Dahls' house would yield approximately
$ 27,000 when sold that would be used to repay the bank's interim loan.  All
parties knew the situation and recognized that it was the best opportunity to
get the money back from the Hatlelis in the shortest possible time with the
minimum of legal expense.  Once the Dahls' house was sold, the Dahls could start
farming as contemplated by the farm plan.  All that was needed was some
patience, some understanding, and some supervision--all contemplated by the FmHA
regulations. While it may [*37]  have been perfectly proper for the FmHA not to
repay the bank for the interim financing on the basis that the bank's funds were
not used for an FmHA authorized purpose, the use of the bank's funds for the
real estate down payment was in no way a misuse of funds under the
circumstances.

However, things did not work out so happily.  As sometimes happens in the real
world, the Dahls could not sell their house immediately.  It was the dead of
winter in Minnesota, and the real estate market was slow.  Notwithstanding the
Dahls' best efforts, they were unable to sell their house from the time of
settlement on January 3, 1977 to May 12, 1977, when the FmHA unilaterally
terminated the contract.

During this time, the officers at the bank became increasingly impatient and
aimed most of their ire at the FmHA.  The bank thought it had a short-term
financial commitment to the Dahls that was "guaranteed" by the FmHA.  Since the
Dahls could not repay the bank, it looked to the FmHA to repay the loan.  The
FmHA could then secure itself by taking a second mortgage on the Dahls' golf
course house, or convert the farm operating loan to a real estate loan and take
a mortgage on the farm.

The [*38]  FmHA employees felt uncomfortably pressured by the bank, and
increasingly unsure of the FmHA's legal position under the November 12, 1976
"letter of guarantee." Mr. Peterson and Mr. Kalinowski admirably withstood most
of the bank pressure and continued to focus on what were the best interests of
the plaintiffs and the FmHA.  However, when Mr. Bailey assumed control, the
momentum shifted quickly and dramatically.  Mr. Bailey blamed Mr. Dahl for
placing the FmHA in this uncomfortable position with the bank.  Without
discussing the matter with either the Dahls or Mr. Peterson, Mr. Bailey
initiated the steps that led to the unilateral termination of this contract.
The evidence makes it very clear that Mr. Bailey simply wanted out of this
contract with the Dahls.

The Government has given an inadequate explantion of Mr. Bailey's reasons for
terminating the contract and of his view that the plaintiffs had misused the
funds.  There was no misuse of the FmHA funds because the FmHA never allowed
their use.  Likewise, there was no misuse of the bank's interim funds as
previously explained.  Consequently, the justification for the termination of
this contract because of the plaintiffs' "misuse [*39]  of funds," is inadequate
and mistaken.

[HN3] The mistaken beliefs of the various federal employees cannot serve to
protect the Government from liability.  Although decided on facts dealing with a
breach of a supply contract, this court has stated:

The stated ground for the cancellation was therefore nonexistent.  * * *  [HN4]
One may not repudiate his contract obligations upon the ground that he
reasonably, though mistakenly, believed that the other party to the contract had
breached it.

Companhia Atlantica v. United States, 148 Ct. Cl. 71, 75, 180 F. Supp. 342, 345,
cert. denied, 364 U.S. 862 (1960).

The fact that the termination letter was actually signed by the state director
as required by the regulations does not alter the result.  In fact, the evidence
indicates that the state director simply abdicated his discretionary
responsibility.  He never made an independent investigation nor contacted the
plaintiffs before the ordered the supervised bank account closed.  He accepted
the running record with all its apparent imperfections, and Mr. Bailey's
statements and recommendations as determinative.  Perhaps the following quote
from a leading contract case would be apt in this connection:

[*40]  We are certain that there have been a great many instances in which the
Government has not terminated a contractor in technical default, but has granted
an extension or waived the noncompliance.  * * * Our ruling today is not new.
More than ten years ago, the court specified that  [HN5] procurement officials
had to exercise judgment in terminating an agreement for default and were not
automatons.

Schlesinger v. United States, 182 Ct. Cl. 571, 581, 390 F.2d 702, 708 (1968).
Clearly the state director exercised none of the required discretion.

When the plaintiffs gave the bank the security it desired for the interim loan,
there no longer were any rational grounds for the FmHA's refusal to release the
farm operating loan funds.  Instead, the FmHA terminated the contract.  This
action breached the contract and was an bause of administrative discretion.

[HN6] The defendant used its discretionary power of unilateral termination under
7 C.F.R.  § 1803.10(d) "as a useful pretext for the taking of action felt to be
necessary on other grounds unrelated to the plaintiff's performance * * * and
never made a 'judgment as to the merits of the case.' * * * Such abdication of
responsibility we have [*41]  always refused to sanction where there is
administrative discretion under a contract." [Citations omitted.] Schlesinger v.
United States, supra, 182 Ct. Cl. at 583-84, 390 F.2d at 709.

The second justification the Government asserts for terminating this contract
was that when terminated, the plaintiffs had assumed more debt such that they
would have no chance of success in farming. The Government, again, in asserting
this reason is pointing out that the plaintiffs ultimately gave the bank
security on their golf course house, which they were not legally obligated to
do.  The plaintiffs could have refused to secure the bank, if they had wanted
to.  But they did not.  In good faith they incurred an obligation in order to
reduce the tension between the bank and the FmHA, and also to win release of the
farm operating loan proceeds.  The FmHA responded to this good faith effort by
terminating the contract, thus violating the obligations it was contractually
bound to perform.  These included, for instance, the FmHA's obligation to assist
and supervise borrowers as contained in  [HN7]  7 C.F.R.  § 1802.2 (1977):

(a) All loans made by FmHA are designed to assist individual borrower families
[*42]  to attain specific objectives.  Therefore, each borrower family will be
provided the supervision necessary to achieve those objectives and to protect
the financial interest of the Government.

In addition, the mortgage the plaintiffs gave the bank simply secured the bank
until such time as the plaintiffs sold their golf course house.  This is what
always had been planned, as evidenced by the October 4, 1976 farm plan.  The
Government was well aware of this.  The mortgage would have short term, if any,
effect on the plaintiffs' ultimte success in farming. The reality was that the
plaintiffs were in precisely the same economic position as the farm plan
contemplated.

It is also important to remember that  [HN8] no where in the FmHA's governing
statutes, regulations or the other contractual documents is there a prohibition
against the plaintiffs incurring subsequent debt.

Finally, this court cannot discount the possibility that this contract could
have been terminated for improper motives, which, of course, would amount to bad
faith.  The record makes clear that there was a history of "bad blood" between
Mr. Dahl and Mr. Bailey.  Although Mr. Bailey denied in his testimony that such
[*43]  "bad blood" had anything to do with his recommendations to the state
director to terminate the loan, the rapidity with which he took action upon
assuming control of the Dahl file, would suggest otherwise.  Mr. Bailey
forwarded the file to the state director on April 18, 1977, within 3 working
days after assuming control as acting county supervisor.

At the very least, it is obvious that Mr. Bailey did not approach the situation
with a neutral disposition.  Instead, he prejudged the situation without doing
so much as discussing it with either Mr. Dahl or Mr. Peterson.  In the process,
he relied on erroneous and inappropriate information.  This is not the
cooperation that the FmHA regulations mandate, nor that the contract requires.

The administration of this case clearly does not represent one of the FmHA's
finest hours.  For all of the above reasons, this court, therefore, conclude
that the plaintiffs are entitled to recover for breach of their contract by the
FmHA.

Damages

The plaintiffs have requested a damage award composed of the following elements:
(1) the reasonably anticipated profits from the dairy farm, if it had been
capitalized under the farm operating loan amount [*44]  of $ 35,000 for a 3-year
period of time from 1977 through 1979; (2) the reasonably anticipated increase
in the market value of the cows which would have been purchased in the spring of
1977 and appreciated through the end of 1979; and (3) the refund of the interest
paid to the FmHA on the farm operating loan proceeds which funds were never
released for the plaintiffs' use.

The Government has argued, in opposition to the above request, that the
plaintiffs are not entitled to any damages at all in this case, even if the
court would find for the plaintiffs as to liability.  The Government reasons
that this is so because any of the damages listed above by the plaintiffs are
consequential as being too remote and speculative.  The Government points out
that the plaintiffs were not engaged in any ongoing business and, consequently,
there is no way, short of pure speculation, to determine what their profits
would have been, nor what the actual appreciation of the cows would have been.
1 In support of this legal position, the Government asks the court to follow its
language in Chain Belt Co. v. United States, 127 Ct. Cl. 38, 60-62, 115 F. Supp.
701, 715-17 (1953), and Neely v. United States,  [*45]  152 Ct. Cl. 137, 146-47,
285 F.2d 438, 443 (1961), where the court stated:

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

1 This argument presumably would not apply to the return of interest, since such
a figure is an actual amount paid in this case.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Plaintiff asks for  [HN9] loss of his anticipated profits.  This is a recognized
measure of damages, where their loss is the proximate result of the breach and
the fact that there would have been a profit is definitely established, and
there is some basis on which a reasonable estimate of the amount of the profit
can be made.  But profits are uncertain; they depend on so many contingencies,
especially in a new enterprise, that it is, in most cases, impossible to say
that the breach was the proximate cause of the loss of them, or that a profit
would have been realized, in any event; nor is there any basis to determined
what they might have amounted to.  This is especially true where the breach
occurred before operations had begun.

This question is carefully and fully considered in an opinion written for the
court by Judge Littleton in the case of Chain Belt Co. v. United States, 127 Ct.
Cl. 38. We shall not repeat what we said there.  Suffice it to say that almost
always, in the [*46]  case of a new venture, the fact that there would have been
a profit, had there been no breach, is too shrouded in uncertainty for loss of
anticipated profits to form a reliable measure of the damages suffered.

While the above is quite true and has been considered by this court, it is also
quite true that  [HN10] this court will not allow a party to be wronged without
at least attempting to put him in as good a position pecuniarily as he would
have been in if the contract had been completed.  Merely because the plaintiffs
have failed to establish exact damages with mathematical precision will not
defeat their right to recover.  If there is enough evidence adduced to enable
the court to make a fair and reasonable approximation of damages, that will
suffice.  See S.W. Electronics and Mfg. Corp. v. United States, 228 Ct. Cl.    ,

   , 655 F.2d 1078, 1088-89 (1981) and cases cited therein.  It is also
interesting to note that in Chain Belt, supra, and Neely, supra, notwithstanding
the language quoted above, the court ultimately allowed the plaintiffs to
recover.

This case, of course, is not the ordinary contract to loan money case.  In the
ordinary case, the measure of damages normally [*47]  would be the difference in
cost between the substitute loan obtained and the breached loan contract.
However in this case, that normal rule cannot be applied since the Dahls were
unable to obtain other commercial loans.  Of course, the Government knew this,
since that was one of the requirements for the farm operating loan in the first
instance.  Under these circumstances, the more specific damage rule for a
contract to loan money that should be applied is that  [HN11] "the borrower can
get judgment for damages measured by his resulting injury so far as the
defendant had reason to foresee such injury when the contract was made." 5
Corbin, Contracts § 1078 (1964 & Supp. 1980), Restatement (Second) of Contracts
§ 351e (1981).  Although the FmHA in no way guaranteed that the plaintiffs'
farming operation would succeed, both parties contemplated that it would.
Therefore, it was foreseeable to the FmHA that the plaintiffs would lose farming
operation profits upon the breach of the contract to loan money.  The farm
operating loan program is designed to aid those farmers who are unable to obtain
credit elsewhere.  The Dahls had no other source for operating capital.Thus, the
Government is liable [*48]  for the foreseeable losses which resulted from the
Dahls not having the use of the loan funds.

Mr. Gary Zimmer, the plaintiffs' witness on damages, qualified as an expert
based on his background, education and experience.  He was credible and he
provided a reasonable basis for measuring damages by making use of price and
cost data from similar family farm units in this area of southeastern Minnesota.
Where possible, he made reasonable use of the actual figures from the Dahl farm.
Although the Government's expert witness disagreed with the relevance of the
figures as to any one particular farmer, he overall concurred in the accuracy of
the data and the sources.  Generally, with corrections to conform to the
evidence, the plaintiffs' expert's report is used as a basis for granting
damages based on expected farm operating profits from the Dahl farm operation.
Trial was held in 1980 and the expert calculated damages for the years 1977-79,
the only years for which data was available.  Although plaintiffs' damages may
have continued, 3 years was a reasonably foresseable period of time for which to
grant damages, and no damages will be awarded beyond calendar 1979.

The first element [*49]  of damages requested and allowed is that element
relating to anticipated profits from the operation of the farm. The plaintiffs
could reasonably anticipate profits based on the production of milk from their
dairy herd and from the sale of excess grain raised on the farm and not needed
to feed the animals.  These anticipated profits were also foreseeable by the
FmHA.

Mr. Zimmer's report indicated, and he further testified, that the Holstein cows
the Dahls planned to purchase in the spring of 1977, would have produced an
average of 13,500 pounds of milk per cow per year starting in 1977, with an
anticipated increase of 500 pounds per year thereafter.  Thus he used these
figures in computing damages.  However, this court is adopting a lower starting
figure of 12,000 pounds of milk per cow per year starting in 1977 and allowing a
500-pound increase per year for 1978 and 1979.  This is being done because the
plaintiffs' farm plan of October 4, 1976, indicated that 12,000 pounds of milk
per year was the anticipated production on which the plan was financially based.
Consequently, this figure was contemplated by the FmHA and thus the damages
based on this figure was foreseeable.  In [*50]  addition, this was a beginning
milk production figure that the Government's damage expert agreed was a
reasonable one.

The court also adopts the Zimmer report's damage figures in regard to the sale
of excess grain that was not needed to feed the cows. Mr. Zimmer's figures were
based in part on the Dahls' actual crop production figures during 1977 through
1979, and in part on the production figures of other full-time farm units of
comparable size in the surrounding counties.  This was a reasonable method of
computing damages in view of the plaintiffs' inability to fully utilize the crop
potential of their farm due to the lack of operating capital, brought on by the
defendant's breach.

In 1977, the plaintiffs could have reasonably anticipated selling $ 38,880.00
worth of milk and $ 7,011.00 worth of excess grain.  Subtracting out the dairy
costs, crop costs, interest expense and real estate taxes totaling $ 38,566.42
would yield a net income of $ 7,324.58.  In 1978, the plaintiffs could have
reasonably anticipated selling $ 45,000.00 worth of milk and $ 4,836.00 worth of
excess grain.  Subtracting out the same costs listed above would yield a net
income of $ 5,385.70.  Likewise [*51]  in 1979, the plaintiffs could reasonably
anticipate selling $ 54,146.60 of milk, selling culled cows at $ 7,500.00 and
selling excess grain at $ 5,760.30.  Subtracting out the same costs would yield
plaintiffs a net income of $ 21,419.62.

The total net income figure for 1977-79 would thus be $ 34,129.90.  From this
net income figure, several other subtractions and additions were made.  First,
Mr. Dahl's actual nonfarm income would not have been earned if he had been able
to engage in full-time farming, which is what both contracting parties
contemplated.  Therefore, this amount of $ 10,397.91 earned by Mr. Dahl during
the 1977-79 years must be subtracted from the net income figure.  Second, there
has to be an adjustment made from the above net income figure to reflect the
actual farm income received by the Dahls during this period of time (1977-79),
which was a negative $ 20,388.02.  Because the farm actually operated at a loss
during this 3-year period of time, what would normally be a reduction from net
income (subtraction) becomes an addition.  Third, a further subtraction from net
income must be made for the depreciation deductions already taken by the
plaintiffs during this [*52]  3-year period of time in the amount of $ 9,648.00.
These were noncash items as shown on the plaintiffs' income tax returns for the
3 years at issue.  Taking into account these three adjustment figures from the
net income figure yields an anticipated profit figure of $ 34,472.01.

The plaintiffs are, therefore, entitled to their anticipated profit damages of $
34,472.01.  The court is well aware that this figure is something less than an
exact damage amount computed with methematical precision.  But as this court
stated in Electronic & Missile Facilities, Inc. v. United States, 189 Ct. Cl.
237, 257, 416 F.2d 1345, 1358 (1969):

[HN12] The ascertainment of damages, * * * is not an exact science, and where
responsibility for damage is clear, it is not essential that the amount thereof
be ascertainable with absolute exactness or mathematical precision: "It is
enough if the evidence adduced is sufficient to enable a court or jury to make a
fair and reasonable approximation."

It is the opinion of this court that the damages awarded herein are a fair and
reasonable approximation of the damages suffered by the plaintiffs in this case.

The second element of damages the plaintiffs requested [*53]  is an award for
the increase in appreciation of the cows from 1977 to 1979.  The plaintiffs
presented proof that the Holstein cows planned to be purchased under the farm
plan would have appreciated in value from $ 700 to $ 1,500 from 1977 to 1979.

In essence, this request is asking for an award of market appreciation.  Market
appreciation such as this was not foreseeable by the Government when it entered
this contract, nor was it a part of the anticipted profits.  The contract was
not entered into with the view of holding or investing in the cows for this type
of appreciation.  This is not the type of case where the defendant is liable for
damages for a lost investment opportunity where the investment itself was the
object of the contract.  See G. L. Christian v. United States, 160 Ct. Cl. 1,
11, 312 F.2d 418, 423, reh'g denied, 160 Ct. Cl. 58, 320 F.2d 345, cert. denied,
375 U.S. 954 (1963). These cows were not planned to be purchased for their
resale value but instead were planned for use in the production of income.

Thus, this second element of damage was not foreseeable and will not be awarded
as part of the damages.

The plaintiffs' third element of damages requested is [*54]  for a refund of the
interest paid to the FmHA on the farm operating loan.  The plaintiffs are
entitled to recover this sum also.  This is so because the Government should not
get the benefits of a bargain that it breached.  As this court has previously
stated:

It has been held for generations that a party to a contract may not interfere
with performance by the party to be charged and still enforce the letter of the
contract.

Roberts v. United States, 174 Ct. Cl. 940, 951, 357 F.2d 938, 945 (1966),
quoting Bateson-Stolte, Inc. v. United States, 145 Ct. Cl. 387, 394, 172 F.
Supp. 454, 458 (1959) (Jones, C.J. concurring).  This maxim applies here.  The
Government should not be able to retain the interest paid, the tangible benefit
it contracted to receive under the loan contract that it breached.  And, of
course, the plaintiffs never got the use of the FmHA loan funds.

The evidence shows that the plaintiffs paid total interest of $ 1,417.88 to the
FmHA.  They are entitled to further recovery in that amount.

The plaintiffs are therefore entitled to recover a total amount of $ 35,889.89
in this case.

FINDINGS OF FACT

1.  Plaintiffs, Eldon H. Dahl and Jeanette M. Dahl are husband [*55]  and wife.
They reside in rural southeastern Minnesota near Rushford, which is located in
Fillmore County.  Both Eldon and Jeanette Dahl were born and raised on family
farms located in and around Fillmore County.  They both grew up with other
siblings in the family and assisted their parents in operating the family farm.
In addition, they had previously lived on a family farm as a married couple.

2.  The defendant is the United States of America acting through the Farmers
Home Administration (FmHA), an agency within the Department of Agriculture.

3.  Jurisdiction is founded on 28 U.S.C.  § 1491 (Supp. III 1979).

4.  The plaintiffs make claim for damages incurred as a result of the
defendant's breach of a contract to loan money.  They claim that the defendant
made a operating loan to them under the authority of 7 U.S.C.  §§ 1941-47 (Supp.
IV 1980).  The defendant refused to advance the funds and unilaterially
terminated the loan thereby breaching the contract to loan money.  Plaintiffs
further claim that this unilateral termination was an abuse of administrative
discretion.  In addition, plaintiffs ask for the return of interest paid on the
loan proceeds.

5.  The Secretary [*56]  of Agriculture established the FmHA by order dated
August 14, 1946.  11 Fed. Reg. 9007. The agency operates principally under the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, 7 U.S.C.  § 1921 et seq. (Supp. IV
1980) and Title V of Housing Act of 1949, 42 U.S.C.§ 1471 et seq. (Supp. III
1979).  The FmHA makes loans to farmers who are unable to obtain credit
elsewhere from commercial sources.

[The FmHA] is responsible for Loan and Grant and other assistance programs
including: Rural Housing; Farm Operating; Farm Ownership; Emergency; Soil and
Water; Business and Industrial; Watershed; Resource Conservation and
Development; Comprehensive Area Plans; Water and Waste Disposal; and Community
Facilities.  The programs are administered in accordance with regulations are
administered in authority and assignment of functions * * * codified in Chapter
XVIII, Title 7, Code of Federal Regulations. * * *

7 C.F.R.  § 1800.1 (1977).

6.  The FmHA makes several types of loans.  Among them are operating loans, 7
U.S.C.  § 1941 (1976):

(a) The Secretary is authorized to make loans under this subchapter to farmers
and ranchers in the United States and in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands
[*57]  who (1) are citizens of the United States, (2) have a farm background and
training or farming experience which the Secretary determines is sufficient to
assure reasonable prospects of success in the proposed farming operation, (3)
are or will become operators of not larger than family farms, and (4) are unable
to obtain sufficient credit elsewhere to finance their actual needs at
reasonable rates and terms, taking into consideration prevailing private and
cooperative rates and terms in the community in or near which the applicant
resides for loans for similar purposes and periods of time.

and real estate purchase loans, 7 U.S.C.  § 1922 (1976):

The Secretary is authorized to make and insure loans under this subchapter to
farmers and ranchers in the United States and in Puerto Rico and the Virgin
Islands who (1) are citizens of the United States, (2) have a farm background,
except with respect to veterans as defined in section 1983(e) of this title, a
farm background shall not be required as a condition precedent to obtaining any
loan, and either training or farming experience which the Secretary determines
is sufficient to assure reasonable prospects of success in the proposed [*58]
farming operations, (3) are or will become owner-operators of not larger than
family farms, and (4) are unable to obtain sufficient credit elsewhere to
finance their actual needs at reasonable rates and terms, taking into
consideration prevailing private and cooperative rates and terms in the
community in or near which the applicant resides for loans for similar purposes
and periods of time.

7.  Operating loan funds may be used for such things as purchase of livestock,
farm equipment and feed.  7 C.F.R.  § 1831.9 (1977).  Operating loans may not be
used for the purchase of real estate. 7 U.S.C.  § 1943 (1976), 7 C.F.R.  §
1831.10(b) (1977).

8.  FmHA loans are made through local county offices which are run by a county
supervisor. The county supervisor in turn reports to a district director.  The
program in each state is run by a state director.

9.  The FmHA county office keeps a file on the transactions of each borrower.
Part of this file is the running record in which all borrower contacts or
borrower-related contacts are to be noted.  The running record in the Dahl file
is incomplete as to contacts; entries were made after the fact; entries are
undated or misdated;  [*59]  and parts of the pages in the running record were
torn off, or otherwise mutilated or unreadable.  The running record in this file
was maintained in a negligent and imprecise manner.  Thus, the running record in
this case does not provide the complete picture of what occurred in this
transaction.

10.  During the winter of 1975-76, the plaintiff, Mr. Eldon Dahl first came into
contact with Mr. Lynn Peterson, the FmHA County Supervisor serving Houston and
Fillmore Counties of southeastern Minnesota.  On one occasion Mr. Peterson spoke
before a farm management vocational class attended by Mr. Dahl at the Winona
Area Technical Institute in Winona, Minnesota.  At that time, Mr. Peterson
explained to the class the farm loan assistance programs offered by the FmHA and
available to local farmers.

11.  To receive a farm operating loan, a farmer makes a written application to
the county office and submits a Farm and Home Plan (farm plan).  The farm plan
consists of a balance sheet presentation of assets and liabilities, cash flow
analysis and the proposed use of the loan funds.

12.  On May 17, 1976, Mr. Dahl went to see Mr. Peterson at the FmHA office in
Preston, Minnesota, to discuss [*60]  securing an operating loan to purchase
livestock and machinery in connection with a possible purchase of a 160-acre
farm owned by Mr. Merle Hatleli and his wife.  The plaintiffs intended to sell
their house located adjacent to a golf course near Rushford, Minnesota (golf
course house), to raise the proceeds for a down payment on the Hatleli farm. Mr.
Dahl, with the assistance of Mr. Peterson, filled out a farm plan and completed
an FmHA application for an operating loan.  Sale negotiations subsequently fell
through and no sale of the Hatleli farm was completed at that time.  There was
no further processing of the application or farm plan.

13.  However, in late August or early September of 1976, the Hatlelis again
contacted the plaintiffs and indicated their renewed desire to sell their farm.
One necessary term was that there be one sale of both the real estate and also
the personal property located on the farm such as cattle, machinery and
equipment.

14.  Mr. Dahl again contacted Mr. Peterson in September of 1976 and arranged to
meet him at the Hatleli farm. On September 21, 1976, Mr. Peterson and Mr. Dahl
together visited the Hatleli farm for the purpose of assessing the [*61]  value
of the farm and the personal property. The Hatlelis were asking $ 160,000 for
the farm real estate and $ 48,500 for the personal property located on the farm.
After the visit, Mr. Peterson and Mr. Dahl discussed the terms in Peterson's
car.  Mr. Peterson thought that the Hatlelis were getting maximum value for
their farm, but because the barn and house were in excellent shape, the farm
all-in-all would make a good purchase.Mr. Peterson recommended that if the Dahls
wanted to go into farming and wanted the farm, they should buy it.  Also he
indicated there would be no problem getting approval of a FmHA operating loan
because of the Dahls' background in family farming and Mr. Dahl's vocational
training in farm management.  Both parties agreed that the Hatlelis' Brown Swiss
cows should be sold in the coming spring of 1977 and new Holstein cows purchased
in their place.  They also agreed that some other equipment, including a
tractor, should be sold and replaced.  Both parties then left the Hatleli farm.
On September 24, 1976, Mr. Dahl returned to Mr. Peterson's office in Preston to
fill in a new farm plan and reactivate the original application for an operating
loan.

15.  On [*62]  September 27, 1976, the plaintiffs signed an earnest money
contract on the Hatleli farm and personal property. The terms were $ 48,500 for
the personal property and $ 160,000 for the real estate. Of the $ 16,000 cash
down payment, $ 1,000 was applied to the real estate and $ 15,000 was applied to
the personal property. Payment of the balance due on the personal property and
closing of the personal property were set for November 1, 1976.  Possession of
the farm was also set for November 1, 1976.  The sale of the real estate was on
a 20-year installment contract for deed.  An additional $ 39,000 was due on the
real estate down payment on January 1, 1977, the date set for the real estate
closing.

16.  On October 4, 1976, Mr. Dahl submitted the completed farm plan to Mr.
Peterson.  The period for the farm plan was February 1, 1977 to February 1,
1978.

17.  One essential element of the October 4 farm plan was the intention to sell
the Hatlelis' Brown Swiss cows and replace them the following spring with better
milk-producing Holstein cows. The balance of the operating loan funds was to be
used to purchase a bulk tank for milk storage and a half interest in a tractor.
The second [*63]  essential element was that the Dahls intended to sell their
house to realize the equity of approximately $ 27,000 which was to be used
towards the down payment on the real property portion of the Hatleli contract.
Since the Dahls would be living in the Hatleli farm house, there would be no
need to keep their golf course house.

18.  The defendant's regulations provide that the county supervisor reviews the
application and verifies the information.

[He] will analyze the applicant's request, giving careful consideration to his
experience, abilities, resources, and credit needs, and will tentatively
determine which type of FmHA assistance will most effectively meet the
applicant's needs.

7 C.F.R.  § 1801.3(b) (1977).

19.  The application then goes to the County Committee which is composed of
three individuals residing in the county, at least two of whom make their living
principally by farming. The County Committee determines if an applicant is
eligible for a loan.

20.  The determination of eligibility encompasses a review of the borrower's
financial status to determine among other things, that the borrower is unable to
secure a loan elsehwere and that the borrower [*64]  has a reasonable prospect
of success in the proposed operation.  7 C.F.R.  §§ 1801.3(a)(2), 1831.5 (1977).
If a borrower is eligible, the County Committee certifies the eligibility and
establishes the maximum amount of credit which may be extended to the borrower
to meet actual needs.  7 C.F.R.  § 1831.7 (1977).

21.  On October 27, 1976, the County Committee certified that Mr. Dahl was
eligible and recommended that he be granted a loan not to exceed $ 35,000.

22.  After certification, it is the responsibility of the county supervisor to
decide whether or not to approve a loan.  This administrative determination
includes whether:

(1) The applicant is eligible and likely to be successful in the proposed
operations and to achieve the objectives of the loan.

(2) The applicant has available, under satisfactory tenure arrangements, a unit
adequate in size and productivity to reasonably expect success, taking into
consideration farm and other income including income from a recreational or
other nonfarm enterprise.

(3) Plans have been made and documented for:

(i) A suitable system of farming or type of recreation or other nonfarm
enterprise.

(ii) The crucial adjustments [*65]  and improvements and key practices essential
for the applicant's success.

(iii) Effective supervision and corrective action.

(4) The proposed farm and home operations, and recreational or other nonfarm
enterprise(s) of the applicant are feasible.

(5) The loan is feasible and can be repaid from income as scheduled, except as
provided in § 1831.11(a)(4), with respect to the last installment.

(6) The amount of the loan and the purposes for which the funds are to be used
are consistent with the applicant's needs and are for authorized purposes.

(7) The security requirements can be met.

(8) The certifications required of the applicant and County Committee have been
made and are a part of the loan docket.

(9) The loan meets all other FmHA requirements.

7 C.F.R.§ 1831.14 (1977).

23.  The running record in this case contains an undated entry sometime in
October or November of 1976:

To enable young man to purchase livestock & mach. he will sell cattle on farm
(Brown Swiss) & use our money to purchase machinery & cattle in spring.

Loan approved

[signed] Lynn R. Peterson c/s

24.  Processing of loan checks takes approximately 6 weeks from loan approval.
[*66]  In order for the balance of the personal property down payment to be made
to the Hatlelis, interim financing for the Dahls was arranged through the First
National Bank of Rushford, Minnesota (the bank).  Sometime after October 27,
1976, Mr. Peterson responded to a call from Mr. Albert Spande, an officer of the
bank.  Mr. Peterson told Mr. Spande that the Dahl farm operating loan would be
approved.  Mr. Spande requested a letter confirming this, which Mr. Peterson
forwarded on November 12, 1976.

25.  On or about November 2, 1976, Mr. Dahl took possession of the personal
property on the Hatleli farm. He discovered that many of the cows had been
misrepresented as being pregnant when in fact many were not.  He also discovered
that the quantity of feed and crops was too low to adequately feed the cows over
the winter because the Hatlelis had been using the feed in the barn instead of
pasturing the cows. There were also mechanical problems with the farm machinery.
Throughout November 1976 these facts were relayed by Mr. Dahl to Mr. Peterson
and were brought to the attention of the Dahls' attorney, Mr. David Joerg, of
Preston, Minnesota.

26.  On November 5, 1976, an employee of [*67]  the bank went to the Dahl
residence and the plaintiffs executed an unsecured promissory note for $ 35,000
payable to the bank on December 15, 1976, the approximate date of the FmHA loan
closing.  The proceeds of this interim loan were used to pay the required
balance for the Hatleli personal property. The note did indicate on its face
that the purpose of the loan was for a "downpayment on the farm."

27.  Although the contract with the Hatlelis required that the real estate down
payment and the payment for the personal property be placed in a trust account
at the Rushford State Bank until January 1, 1977, the Hatlelis received all or
substantially all of the money directly in November of 1976.

28.  When the interim bank loan was made, the bank's funds were used for an
authorized FmHA operating loan purpose, i.e., the purchase of the Hatleli
personal property.

29.  On November 8, 1976, Mr. Peterson formally approved the $ 35,000 operating
loan to the Dahls, repayable over 7 years.  He thereafter forwarded the
appropriate financial and loan certification documents to the FmHA national
finance office for processing of the loan check.  The FmHA loan approval states:

I HEREBY [*68]  CERTIFY that all of the committee and administrative
determinations and certifications required by law or regulations prerequisite to
providing assistance of the type indicated above have been made and that
evidence thereof is in the docket, and that all requirements of pertinent
regulations and laws have been complied with.  I hereby approve the
above-described assistance in the amount set forth above, and by this document,
subject to the availability of funds, the Government agrees to advance such
amount to the applicant for the purposes of and subject to the conditions
prescribed by the laws and regulations applicable to this type of assistance.
[Emphasis added.]

30.  On November 12, 1976, Mr. Peterson wrote to the bank pursuant to Mr.
Spande's request:

We have approved a $ 35,000 loan to enable Mr. Dahl to purchase livestock and
machinery. If it becomes necessary for Mr. Dahl to purchase items included in
our loan, we will be glad to pay them off at the time we get our funds.

31.  It was the custom and practice in the southeastern Minnesota banking
community to grant FmHA borrowers interim unsecured loans when the FmHA had
obligated itself to the borrower, but the funds [*69]  had not yet been received
at the local FmHA office.  The November 12 letter written by Mr. Peterson to the
bank informing it that an FmHA loan had been approved for the Dahls was a part
of the custom and practice established by the banks in cooperation with the
FmHA.  What legal implications such a letter had, however, were in sharp dispute
in this case.  The bank viewed the letter as a guarantee and that the FmHA had a
legal and moral obligation to make the interim loan good to the bank in the
event the borrower defaulted.  The FmHA took the position that there was no
legal or moral commitment (nor legal authority to pay) contained in the letter
of November 12.  The letter was merely an informational letter that the bank
could use for whatever purpose it chose.

32.  Mr. Dahl's dissatisfaction with the Hatleli personal property led him to
consult his attorney, Mr. Joerg on November 10, 1976.  He consulted further with
his attorney throughout November and December.  On December 2, 1976, his
attorney sent the Hatlelis a formal notice of rescission of the sale of the
personal property. It was the intention of the Dahls throughout this settlement
process to attempt to rescind the personal [*70]  property portion of the
Hatleli transaction and still preserve or continue with the purchase of the real
estate portion.

33.  On November 26, 1976, Mr. Peterson notified the Dahls that the FmHA loan
closing was scheduled for December 3, 1976; however, the closing was
subsequently cancelled and rescheduled for December 13, 1976.

34.  Settlement negotiations with the Hatlelis continued throughout November and
December because they would not return the $ 51,000 paid by the Dahls.  Mr.
Peterson was apprised of these negotiations.

35.  The defendant's regulations provide in  [HN13]  7 C.F.R.  § 1831.32(b)
(1977):

(ii) If it is found, after an applicant has been certified as eligible, that
there will be a major change in operations or that an amount of credit in excess
of the maximum previously established by the County Committee will be required
for the designated corp or operating year, it will be necessary for the County
Committee again to certify the applicant as eligible on the basis of the changed
circumstances if a loan is to be made.

36.  At no time prior to the loan closing, did Mr. Peterson feel it was
necessary to have the County Committee recertify Mr. Dahl.

37.On December [*71]  13, 1976, the FmHA operating loan for $ 35,000 was closed
at the FmHA office in Preston, Minnesota.  At the closing, plaintiffs signed a
promissory note, a security agreement and a deposit agreement for a supervised
bank account.

38.  The proceeds of the FmHA loan were deposited in a supervised bank account
at the First National Bank of Rushford.  This is an arrangement whereby the FmHA
supervises the borrower to make certain that the loan proceeds are used for the
intended purposes of the Farm and Home Plan and that the borrower is not taken
advantage of by unscrupulous vendors.  Withdrawals may be made only with the
joint signatures of the county supervisor and the borrower. 7 C.F.R.  §§
1803.1-.11 (1977).

39.  The security agreement provided that the FmHA would take an immediate
security interest in the plaintiffs' crops in the field or in storage.  No
specific security interest was taken in the machinery and cows except as to
those items that might thereafter be acquired.  Nothing was listed because the
personal property part of the transaction was still in the process of settlement
negotiations.

40.  Interest began to accrue on the loan proceeds as of the loan closing [*72]
on December 13, 1976.  The loan provided for repayment in seven annual
installments due on January 1 of each succeeding year.

41.  When the loan was closed on December 13, 1976, Mr. Peterson, the county
supervisor and authorized agent of the defendant, knew that the Hatleli personal
property was being rejected, and that there were problems getting the Hatlelis
to return the money paid for the personal property, including the bank's interim
loan funds.  Despite this knowledge, Mr. Peterson closed the loan.  He further
encouraged Mr. Dahl to continue the real estate portion of the contract and to
resolve his problems with the Hatlelis as to the personal property portion of
the transaction.

42.  This series of events and transactions between the Dahls and the FmHA
constituted a contract to loan money for the purposes as provided in the
original farm plan.

43.  On December 15, 1976, the due date of the Dahls' promissory note to the
bank on the interim loan, Messrs. Dahl, Peterson and Spande met in Mr. Spande's
office at the bank.  The purpose of the meeting was for all parties concerned
with the Dahls' interim loan to be apprised of the status of the loan and the
underlying Hatleli [*73]  settlement negotiations. Mr. Spande made it clear to
Mr. Dahl and Mr. Peterson that he expected payment on the interim loan as soon
as possible from either Mr. Dahl or from the FmHA loan proceeds now in the
supervised bank account (sba).  Mr. Peterson indicated that the FmHA could not
release the sba funds to the bank until such time as the Hatleli legal tangles
had been cleared up so that the FmHA could be sure that the funds would be spent
for the authorized purpose of purchasing cows and machinery. Mr. Dahl indicated
that he was in no position to repay the interim loan until settlement had been
achieved on the Hatleli personal property. Mr. Dahl indicated that the
negotiations appeared to be going well.  He advised that it was his intention to
rescind the personal property part of the Hatleli transaction and to go forward
with the purchase of the real estate portion.  If such a settlement did work
out, then he would be in a position to sell the golf course house and use those
funds to pay off the bank or otherwise release the FmHA funds to the bank and
use the house equity funds for the purchase of the personal property. All
parties agreed that the Hatleli problems had to be [*74]  resolved first and
then the loan repayment would be resolved.  The meeting ended with this
understanding.  All parties agreed to work together to achieve this goal.  At
that time, Mr. Spande extended the due date on the Dahls' promissory note from
December 15, 1976 to February 15, 1977.

44.  On January 3, 1977, the Hatlelis and the Dahls signed a new sales contract
for the purchase of only the real estate. This settlement agreement, obtained
within 60 days of when the personal property misrepresentation was first
discovered by Mr. Dahl, solved the legal problems with the personal property.
This new contract for deed delayed the first installment payment until December
1, 1977.  It also raised the sales price by $ 5,000; however, this was not
payable until the end of the 20-year contract for deed term.As a down payment,
the Hatlelis retained $ 40,000 from the $ 51,000 originally paid for the
combined real estate and personal property transaction.

45.  On January 4, 1977, the Dahls made the first scheduled payment due on the
FmHA loan.  The payment of $ 303.00 was applied as follows: $ 118.41 to
principal and $ 184.59 to interest.

46.  On January 6, 1977, with the money returned [*75]  by the Hatlelis, the
Dahls made an $ 8,000.00 payment to the bank on the interim loan.  It was
applied as follows: $ 7,426.39 to principal and $ 573.61 to interest.  This left
the principal balance on the interim loan from the bank at $ 27,573.61.

47.  Under the October 4, 1976 farm plan and the original contract, it was
necessary for the Dahls to sell their golf course house to make the down payment
on the Hatleli real estate. At that time they took all necessary steps to list
and sell the house.  After discovering the defects in the Hatleli personal
property, however, they took the home off the market awaiting the outcome of the
settlement negotiations. They promptly relisted the house upon the signing of
the January 3, 1977 real estate contract.

48.  Despite having been used originally to purchase the Hatleli personal
property, part of the bank's interim loan money went towards the down payment on
the real estate when the Hatleli personal property contract problem was settled.
The bank's monies were substituted for the funds that had been expected from the
equity of Dahls' house which had not yet been sold.

49.  The October 4, 1976 farm plan lists the house as an asset [*76]  with a
value of $ 48,500 subject to a mortgage of $ 15,572 to First Federal Savings.
However, not shown on the farm plan was a small second mortgage owed to a
private individual.  The Dahls purchased the home subject to the second
mortgage. The balance due on this mortgage was approximately $ 2,163.11.  It is
common for applicants for FmHA loans to inadvertently omit both debts and assets
on farm plans.

50.  The October 4, 1976 farm plan showed, in relevant part, assets and
liabilities as follows:
Assets
Farm                              $ 160,000
House                                45,000
Hatleli personal
property                             48,500
Total Assets                      $ 253,500
Less: Total
Liabilities                        (208,072)
Net Worth                          $ 45,428
Liabilities
Hatleli Mortgage                  $ 144,000
House Mortgage                       15,572
Owed on Hatleli personal property    48,500
Total Liabilities                 $ 208,072

51.  As of January 3, 1977, when the Hatlelis agreed to the rescission of the
personal property, the Dahls' relevant net worth picture was as follows:
Assets
Farm              $ 165,000
House                45,000
Total Assets      $ 210,000
Less: Total
Liabilities        (168,145)
Net Worth          $ 41,855
Liabilities
Hatleli mortgage  $ 125,000
House mortgage       15,572
First Nat'l Bank
of Rushford          27,573
Total Liabilities $ 168,145

[*77]  52.  On January 26, 1977, Mr. Peterson wrote Mr. Dahl:

Please stop at our office some Monday in the near future to clarify the
following:

1.  If our FmHA money is to be used to buy livestock, how are you going to pay
the First National Bank back for the advance they made which we all felt was for
chattels, but apparently was used for farm downpayment?

2.  We would like to have a copy of the contract for deed on the farm.

Please take care of this in the near future (within two weeks).

53.  In February of 1977, Mr. Dahl requested that Mr. Peterson release from the
sba, funds to purchase dairy cows as listed in the farm plan.  This farm plan
covered the period from February 1, 1977 to February 1, 1978.The FmHA would not
release the funds.  A similar request was made by Mr. Dahl in order to purchase
the half interest in a tractor, which was also denied.

54.  On February 22, 1977, Mr. Dahl and Mr. Peterson met.  Mr. Peterson filled
out the asset and liability portion of another farm plan on Mr. Dahl's behalf.
This plan showed total assets of $ 246,300 and liabilities of $ 201,090.  The
Dahls' net worth was then $ 45,210.

55.  When Mr. Dahl and Mr. Peterson met at various [*78]  times during the month
of February 1977, Peterson still manifested a willingness to work with him by
urging plaintiffs to continue trying to sell their house to pay off the bank's
interim unsecured debt.  The Dahls' house was on the market and they were doing
their best to get it sold.

56.  On or about February 28, 1977, Mr. Peterson resigned his position with the
FmHA to begin a new life as a dairy farmer in Wisconsin.  He made no written
summary of the events which had transpired in regard to the Dahl matter nor did
he make any written recommendations for future action by his successors.  At
trial, Mr. Peterson testified that even with all the problems that transpired,
if the Dahls had repaid or secured the bank's interim loan (through the sale of
the golf course house or in another manner), he would have released or
recommended that the funds in the sba be released to the Dahls so that they
could start the dairy farming operation.

57.  On February 25, 1977, Mr. Gregory Kalinowski was appointed acting county
supervisor from February 28, 1977 to April 29, 1977.  This was a temporary
appointment because Mr. Kalinowski also was leaving the FmHA.  Mr. Kalinowski
actually left FmHA [*79]  employment on April 15, 1977.  Early in March, Mr.
Dahl and Mr. Kalinowski met in an attempt to get the problems resolved so that
some or all of the funds in the sba could be released.  Mr. Kalinowski reviewed
the incomplete running record, however, he never attempted to contact his
predecessor, Mr. Peterson.  He concluded that the bank's funds and the FmHA
funds were the same dollars and that they had been used for an improper
purpose--to buy real estate. He also erroneously concluded that the down payment
on the farm was larger.

58.  Throughout March of 1977, the bank continued to pressure Mr. Kalinowski
(just as it had done to Mr. Peterson in January and February) to release the
funds in the sba to the bank and to secure the FmHA loan by taking a second
mortgage on the Dahls' golf course house or by converting the operating loan to
a real estate loan.  Mr. Kalinowski continued to resist the bank's requests.

59.  On April 12, 1977, since he also was leaving the FmHA to pursue a career in
farming, Mr. Kalinowski summarized in the running record the history of the Dahl
matter as he understood it.  However, he made no recommendation as to how he
thought the Dahl matter should [*80]  be handled by his successors.  He also
testified at trial, the unilateral withdrawal of loan funds by the FmHA was an
extreme sanction, which he never before had heard of being used during his 3
years of FmHA experience.  He also concluded that the Dahl matter was not that
extreme or unusual a case to justify such an extreme action.

60.  Although both Mr. Peterson and Mr. Kalinowski felt that the plaintiffs'
debt structure had changed, at no time did they ever do a cash flow analysis or
examine the plaintiffs' net worth.

61.  On or about April 18, 1977, the district director, Mr. Bruce Bailey, after
reviewing the running record, decided that the state office should be notified
of the prior developments.  He did not contact Mr. Peterson or the Dahls.  In
his running record summary forwarding the entire Dahl file to the state
director, Mr. Bailey noted that the bank wanted the FmHA to take a second
mortgage on plaintiffs' house and eventually be repaid out of the proceeds from
a subsequent sale.  Mr. Bailey also commented on the "uncomfortable" position
the FmHA was in vis a vis the bank, and that the FmHA was in this uncomfortable
position due to the borrowers' foul up.  The blame [*81]  was placed squarely on
the Dahls.

62.  During the mid-1960's in connection with a previous FmHA loan made out of
the Preston, Minnesota FmHA office, Mr. Bailey and the Mr. Dahl had had some
disagreements.  It was clear that a certain amount of personal animosity existed
between the two men, although Bailey denied recommending withdrawal of the loan
funds based on any past disagreements.However, the rapidity with which this
action was taken by him suggests otherwise.

63.  On April 19, 1977, the file was reviewed in the state office by Mr. Leslie
Matts, Chief of Farmers Programs for Minnesota, then also Acting State Director
of the FmHA.  He replied to Mr. Bailey on that same day:

We have reviewed the file and also reviewed the circumstances with the National
Office.

We regret the way in which this case was handled and the comment from the County
Supervisor, however, he could not commit the U.S. Government to close the
transaction when conditions completely changed.

We would suggest that you further contact the borrower and the bank and assist
in any manner that you can so that the bank would get security on the proceeds
from the house and security in the real estate. There [*82]  is no legal way we
can release funds from supervised bank account to pay the bank for funds that
went into real estate.

The borrower should also be requested to co-sign a check withdrawing money from
the supervised bank account plus an additional amount for interest that has
accrued.

64.  After receiving these directions from the state office, Mr. Bailey wrote
plaintiffs on April 23, 1977, requesting that they co-sign a check which would
have the effect of voluntarily terminating the loan agreement and returning the
funds to the FmHA.  The plaintiffs did not comply with this request.

65.  On or about April 18, 1977, Mr. Spande contacted Mr. Bailey again to
discuss the Dahl problem now that he had assumed acting county supervisory
control over the Preston, Minnesota FmHA office.  He reiterated the entire
history of the case and reminded Mr. Bailey that the FmHA had agreed under Mr.
Peterson and Mr. Kalinowski to work with the Dahls and the bank.  Since the
Dahls had not yet been able to sell their golf course house, Mr. Spande
suggested again that the FmHA take a second mortgage on the house and then
release the funds in the sba to the bank.  Another alternative discussed was
[*83]  for the FmHA to convert the operating loan to a real estate loan and to
take a mortgage on the farm. Mr. Spande insisted that the FmHA had the
flexibility and discretionary authority to do either of the above.  Mr. Bailey,
however, categorically refused to consider either avenue.  From this discussion,
Mr. Spande was left with the impression that Mr. Bailey would do nothing further
to assist the Dahls and the bank.  Mr. Bailey further denied any FmHA legal
responsibility to the bank based on the November 12, 1976 "guarantee" letter.

66.  After the above conversation, Mr. Spande contacted the Dahls to obtain
security on the interim loan.  He asked the Dahls to give the bank a second
mortgage on the golf course house and to list the house with the bank's real
estate agent.  The Dahls readily agreed to both requests in order to secure the
bank and to get the FmHA operating loan funds released.  On April 29, 1977, the
bank took a second mortgage for $ 28,439.11 on the Dahls' golf course house.
This mortgage bore interest at the rate of 10 percent payable annually.  The
bank was then fully secured on its interim loan and thus no longer pressured the
FmHA.

67.  Shortly thereafter,  [*84]  Mr. Dahl requested an appointment with Mr.
Bailey.  On May 5, 1977, they met.  Mr. Dahl advised Mr. Bailey that the bank
was now secured and would no longer pressure the FmHA.  Since this impediment
had been removed and the parties were back in the position contemplated by the
October 4 farm plan, he requested the release of the operating loan funds so he
could begin his spring planting, buying of cows, and other farm activities.  At
this meeting, Mr. Bailey refused unequivocally to allow the plaintiffs to use
the loan proceeds.  It made no difference to Mr. Bailey that the plaintiffs had
secured the bank and that they were now in the same economic position presented
in the October 4, 1976 farm plan.

68.  When Mr. Dahl refused to sign a check that would have voluntarily
terminated the loan, Mr. Bailey informed him that he would forward the entire
file to the state director, with a recommendation that the loan be unilaterally
terminated. The file was forwarded on the same day, May 5, 1977.

69.  In his cover letter to the state office, Mr. Bailey recommended that the
state director use his discretionary authority to unilaterally withdraw the
funds from the supervised bank account,  [*85]  thereby terminating the loan.
This recommendation was based upon Mr. Bailey's incorrect observation that: (1)
the plaintiffs had attempted to misuse the funds and (2) that the plaintiffs'
debt picture had changed substantially because they now had a $ 27,000 liability
which had not existed when the October 4 farm plan had been executed.  This
recommendation ignored the fact that the $ 27,000 liability was fully secured in
the equity in the Dahls' house and that this equity always had been intended to
be used toward the purchase of the Hatleli real estate. The cover letter makes
clear that Mr. Bailey wanted out of the loan contract with the Dahls because
"after what had transpired we should not become re-involved." It also indicates
that Mr. Dahl may contact his Congressman; that Mr. Dahl "has problems with
people and situations"; that Mr. Dahl had a back injury and possibly should give
up farming; and it alludes to some "old history" of bad blood between the two
men.

70.  Unilateral terminations of loans are rarely done by the FmHA and only in
the most extreme and unusual circumstances.

71.  Supervised bank accounts may be closed by unilateral action of the state
director for [*86]  the following reasons: death of borrowers, borrower in
default, inactive borrower or when the borrower is paid up.  7 C.F.R.  §
1803.10(1)-(4) (1977).  None of the above apply to the facts in this case.

72.  On May 12, 1977, without any investigation, the state director wrote the
bank and unilaterally ordered the supervised bank closed and the funds sent to
the FmHA.  The bank complied on May 25, 1977.

73.  The $ 35,000.00 in the sba was applied as follows: $ 1,187.41 to interest,
$ 33,812.59 to principal.

74.  The promissory note from the Dahls to the FmHA provides:

Borrower agrees to use the loan evidenced hereby solely for purposes authorized
by the Government.

DEFAULT: Failure to pay when due any debt evidenced hereby or perform any
covenant or agreement hereunder shall constitute default under any other
instrument evidencing a debt of Borrower owing to or insured or Guaranteed by
the Government or securing or otherwise relating to such a debt; and default
under any such other instrument shall constitute default hereunder.  UPON ANY
SUCH DEFAULT, the Government at its option may declare all or any part of any
such indebtedness immediately due and payable.

75.  [*87]  The security agreement for the FmHA loan provides:

Default shall exist hereunder if Debtor fails to perform or discharge any
obligation or to pay promptly any indebtedness hereby secured or to observe or
perform any covenants or agreements herein or in any supplementary agreement
contained, or if any of Debtor's representations or warranties herein prove
false or misleading, or upon the death, bankruptcy, insolvency or incompetency
of Debtor or any person so called herein.

76.  The security agreement contains the following representations and imposes
the following duties on the Dahls, the debtors:

Statements contained in Debtor's loan application(s) are true and correct; and
Debtor will (1) use the loan funds for the purposes for which they were or are
advanced, (2) comply with such farm and home management plans as may be agreed
upon from time to time by Debtor and Secured Party, (3) care for and maintain
the collateral in a good and husbandlike manner, (4) insure the collateral in
such amounts and manner as may be required by Secured Party, and if Debtor fails
to do so, Secured Party, at its option, may procure such insurance, (5) permit
Secured Party to inspect the collateral [*88]  at any reasonable time, (6) not
abandon the collateral or encumber, conceal, remove, sell or otherwise dispose
of it or of any interest therein, or permit others to do so, without the prior
written consent of Secured Party, and (7) not permit the collateral to be levied
upon, injured or destroyed, or its value to be impaired, except by using
harvested crops in amounts necessary to care for livestock covered hereby.

77.  At the time the supervised bank account (sba) was closed, the Dahls were
not in default. They had already made the one payment which had come due.  The
next payment was not due until January 1, 1978.  They fulfilled all their duties
under the contract.

78.  No funds were ever withdrawn from the sba. The only requests for
withdrawals were for the purchase of cows and personal property as outlined in
the farm plan.  No misuse of federal funds took place since none were ever
expended from the sba.

79.  Despite the fact that the plaintiffs had repaid the bank approximately $
8,000, the FmHA would not release any funds to be used for operating loan
purposes until the bank became secured or was otherwise repaid on its interim
loan.

80.  From December 15, 1976 [*89]  until April 29, 1977, when the bank took the
second mortgage, the bank applied continuous pressure on successive FmHA
employees to repay the bank for the interim loan.  This pressure consisted of
phone calls as well as threats of legal action over the letter of November 12,
1976.

81.  The security agreement imposes on the FmHA (the secured party) the
following duty:

Secured Party will make or insure future loans or advances to Debtor to enable
him to raise or harvest farm corps or raise livestock or other animals, provided
funds are available and the Debtor meets all then current requirements imposed
by regulations of the Secured Party.

82.  The FmHA's actions in refusing to release the operating loan proceeds from
the sba were designed to protect the bank's interests, not the Dahls'.  The FmHA
made very little effort to work with the Dahls as provided in its regulations. 7
C.F.R.  § 1802.11 et seq. (1977).

83.  During the time from the loan closing on December 13, 1976 until the sba
was ordered closed on May 12, 1977, the FmHA, while not allowing any
withdrawals, never suggested depositing the funds in an interest-bearing
account.  The regulations specifically provided [*90]  for such a deposit of
loan funds "not required for immediate disbursement * * *." 7 C.F.R.  §
1803.1(f) (1977).

84.  On November 19, 1977, the plaintiffs paid the defendant $ 1,114.88 under
protest, as the FmHA would not release its security interest in the plaintiffs'
crops.  This payment was applied as follows: $ 45.88 to interest and $ 1,069.00
to principal, which closed out the entire Dahl transaction with the FmHA.

85.  As of December 13, 1976, the FmHA owed the Dahls its obligation to deal
with them as borrowers under its regulations, and as a contracting party under
its contract.

86.  The plaintiffs' witness on damages, Mr. Gary Zimmer, qualified as an expert
witness.  His qualifications included being a dairly farmer and growing up on a
dairy farm. Mr. Zimmer has a bachelors and masters degrees in animal science
from the University of Wisconsin and the University of Hawaii, respectively.  In
addition, he has taken courses at the University of Wisconsin in education, farm
management and economics.  For 5 years he taught courses in farm operation and
management at the Winona Area Technical Institute in Winona, Minnesota, where he
had Mr. Dahl as a student for 2 years.  [*91]  For several years he has done
private consulting on dairy nutrition and soil.

87.  As a basis for his damage computation, Mr. Zimmer used three Farm Business
Management reports summarizing actual yearly income and expenses of farms in
Fillmore and adjacent counties where the Dahl farm is located.  The reports were
chosen because of the large size of the sample and because of the detail used.
Also as a group, the reporting farmers had received a similar vocational
agricultural education as Mr. Dahl.  In addition, the farms were located in the
same area and the reporting farms included farms with similar size acreage.  Mr.
Zimmer factored in the size of the Dahl farm and the cows and machinery expected
to be purchased under the farm plan.

88.  Mr. Zimmer was a credible witness and his damage report is adopted on
income production except with the modifications outlined below and corrections
made to conform to the evidence.  This report provides a reasonable
approximation of the damages for the breach.

89.  The plaintiffs could have bought the 36 cattle for $ 700 each and the items
of machinery as listed in the farm plan in the spring of 1977.

90.  Nothing is allowed as an [*92]  element of damages for any market
appreciation in the value of the cows.

91.  It was foreseeable that the 36 cows would produce only 12,000 pounds of
milk in 1977 as contemplated in the farm plan.

92.  The plaintiffs evidenced the knowledge and ability to increase milk
production by at least 500 pounds/per cow/per year.  Thus 12,500 pounds and
13,000 pounds are the approximate measures to use for milk production per
cow/per year for 1978 and 1979, respectively.  Also, cows will produce more milk
once they are accustomed to the other cows in the herd.

93.  The plaintiff would have received the following price for milk:
1977  $ 9.00 CWT (per hundred lbs.)
1978  10.00 CWT
1979  11.57 CWT

94.  Gross income from milk sold would have been as follows:

1977 -- 36 cows X 12,000 lbs. milk X $ 9.00 CWT = $ 38,880.00

1978 -- 36 cows X 12,500 lbs. milk X $ 10.00 CWT = $ 45,000.00

1979 -- 36 cows X 13,000 lbs. milk X $ 11.57 CWT = $ 54,147.60

95.  The plaintiffs' expert did not deduct real estate taxes as a cost.  A
deduction should be made for 1977 and 1979 from income to reflect the actual
taxes deducted in those years.  No taxes were deducted on the [*93]  Dahls' 1978
income tax return.  However, $ 790 is the appropriate deduction for 1978.

96.  Plaintiff Eldon Dahl earned the following net income in non-farm jobs which
he would not have earned had the defendant performed its contract.
1977       $ 304.06
1978       2,170.85
1979       7,923.00
Total   $ 10,397.91

97.  That plaintiff Jeanette Dahl earned the following net income in non-farm
jobs which she would have earned whether or not the FmHA loaned money to the
plaintiffs:
1977   $ 5,210
1978     2,734
1979     5,876

98.  The plaintiffs reported actual farm income as follows:
1977               ($ 4,655.18)
1978                     91.16
1979              ($ 15,824.00)
Total farm income ($ 20,388.02)

99.  In computing actual farm income, plaintiffs were allowed depreciation
deductions as follows:
1977   $ 3,216.00
1978     3,416.00
1979     3,987.43

In each of these years, $ 3,216.00 represents a deduction for an allocation to
depreciable assets of the principal price paid for the farm. The plaintiffs'
expert made no corresponding deduction.  Therefore, $ 3,216 per year (total $
9,648) must be added back to plaintiffs' actual farm income.

100.  The following summary [*94]  outlines a reasonable basis for the award of
damages.

Summary Computation of Damages
197
7
Inc
ome
Mil   $ 38,880.00
k
sol
d
Ext      7,011.00
ra
gra
in
sol
d
                     $ 45,891.00
Les
s:
Cos
ts
Dai   $ 15,603.00
ry
cos
ts
Cro     10,283.00
p
cos
ts
Int     12,228.50
ere
st
exp
ens
e
Rea        451.92
l
est
ate
tax
es
                    ($ 38,566.42)
                                     $ 7,324.58
197
8
Inc
ome
Mil   $ 45,000.00
k
sol
d
Ext      4,836.00
ra
gra
in
sol
d
                     $ 49,836.00
Les
s:
Cos
ts
Dai   $ 20,436.00
ry
cos
ts
Cro     10,824.00
p
cos
ts
Int     12,400.30
ere
st
exp
ens
e
Rea        790.00
l
est
ate
tax
es
                    ($ 44,450.30)
                                     $ 5,385.70
197
9
Inc
ome
Mil   $ 54,147.60
k
sol
d
Cul      7,500.00
l
cow
s
sol
d
Ext      5,760.30
ra
gra
in
sol
d
                     $ 67,407.90
Les
s:
Cos
ts
Dai   $ 21,717.00
ry
cos
ts
Cro     13,000.85
p
cos
ts
Int     10,181.18
ere
st
exp
ens
e
Rea      1,089.25
l
est
ate
tax
es
                    ($ 45,988.28)
                                    $ 21,419.62
Net                                 $ 34,129.90
Inc
ome
(Ex
pec
ted
for
197
7,
197
8,
197
9)
Les
s:
Eld
on'
s
act
ual
ear   $ 10,397.91
nin
gs
Act    (20,388.02)
ual
far
m
inc
ome
Dep
rec
iat
ion
adj      9,648.00
ust
men
t
                                    (($ 342.11))
Tot                                 $ 34,472.01
al
dam
age
s
for
bre
ach
Plu
s:
Int
ere
st
pai
d
to
the
Gov
ern
men
t
1/4      $ 184.59
/77
5/2      1,187.41
6/7
7
11/         45.88
21/
77
                                     $ 1,417.88
                                    $ 35,889.89

[*95]  101.The plaintiffs have been damaged by the defendant's breach of
contract and abuse of administrative discretion.  The plaintiffs are entitled to
a judgment in the sum of $ 35,889.89.  This sum represents the amount of damages
that are reasonable and were foreseeable by the Government.  To award damages
beyond a 3-year duration would be too remote and speculative.  However, damages
awarded for the 3-year duration of 1977-79 are foreseeable, appropriate, and
reasonable under the circumstances of this case.

CONCLUSION OF LAW

Based upon the foregoing findings and opinion, the court concludes that the
plaintiffs are entitled to recover in this farm operating loan contract matter
the sum of $ 35,889.89 and judgment is entered accordingly.


                             391 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

CONSUMER BANKING: LENDING - A Mortgage-Heavy Kansas Thrift Eases Burdens with
Outsourcing

                             March 29, 1993, Monday

By RANDY WELCH


BANKERS WHO THINK they've seen enough of outsourcing might want to take another
look.

Some of the old objections, such as 10-year contracts that cost banks heavily in
the later years, are being washed away. Bankers had feared that giving up their
bank's data processing guts meant giving up its soul. But such fears are less
relevant these days. Outsourcers now often focus on a specific niche that does
not threaten the central processing operation.

Take the case of Farm and Home Savings of Missouri. The $3.5 billion savings and
loan, with 48 branches scattered across Missouri, Texas, and Kansas, has long
been heavily weighted toward residential mortgages. Its mortgage bank, based in
Houston, services more than $5 billion in mortgages and originated $865 million
in residential first mortgages in 1992.

When Farm and Home decided to broaden its product line, it turned to
outsourcing. It offers mutual funds, annuities, home equity and other consumer
loans from third parties, and is looking into adding insurance products,
small-business accounts, and trust services.

Farm and Home is "moving away from the very narrowly defined product line
associated with a traditional thrift - CDs and first mortgages - to broaden our
relationships with the customers we have, and attract new customers," said John
Morton, Farm and Home's president and chief executive.

"Our idea is to find state-of-the-art products that offer very high levels of
customer service, without having to invest a fortune in supporting these
products," he added.

The typical Farm and Home customer is an older, loyal client likely to stop in
at the bank lobby to sip coffee and read the newspaper. Few of the banks have
drive-in windows. The average branch boasts more than $65 million in deposits,
and the average branch employee has been with the bank for seven years.

"The customer base is absolutely incredible. The culture of the company is to
cater to this customer segment. We plan to broaden from the 60-year-olds to the
45-year-olds, who are more inclined to need loans. But those are the segments
that we want to serve real well." said Mr. Morton, a former executive vice
president with Maryland National Bank.

For that reason, the thrift's chief priority is to have top-quality products,
with the capacity to grow. Outsourcing offers both.

But it's "also a way to keep our expenses low," Mr. Morton said. "In my view,
the margins in the financial industry have been at an all-time high for the past
few years. We can't depend on that for the future, so we want to stay a low-cost
producer of services."

Farm and Home's consumer loans, for example, are maintained by CLS Corp. of Blue
Bell, Pa.

To begin processing a loan, a Farm and Home employee takes the loan application
and faxes it to CLS.

"That's no different than if we sent it by fax to our own operating center," Mr.
Morton pointed out.

The CLS computers recognize the application is from Farm and Home, then directly
access the best credit bureau in the Missouri area to check the customer's
credit record. Systems then "scrub" the application by checking the applicant's
identifications, calculating the debt service ratios for the proposed loan, and
comparing it to Farm and Home's lending guidelines.

Farm and Home officers then decide whether to make the loan. If the bank says
yes, CLS computers then order appraisals and title searches, and begin servicing
the loan. Farm and Home makes the loans basically for the cost of training its
officers, sending a fax, and paying a fee to CLS.

The relationship between Farm and Home and CLS reflects the latest trend in
management - the "virtual corporation." Ladd Willis, an executive vice president
with First Manhattan Consulting Group, explained the concept as "a corporation
that comes together by buying services from different players to service its
marketplace. It buys the things it can't add strategic value to."

CLS started in 1986 in the Philadelphia suburbs.

Chairman Norman Bitterman, a former senior vice president and head of lending
with Meritor Savings Bank, began the company on the assumption that more
institutions would want to enter consumer lending and would need back-office
help.  "As with any fundamentally new idea, it takes longer than one anticipates
to prove the concept," said Harry Weitzell, president of CLS. "Bankers are not
typically early adopters. But it has really taken off the past two years."

CLS was helped by an Resolution Trust Corp. contract which, Mr. Weitzell said,
"gave us the scale to be a true national servicer. We are now servicing in
virtually every state."

CLS services more than $1 billion in consumer loans for 60 financial
institutions. In November the company entered a joint marketing agreement with
Electronic Data Systems Corp., Plano, Tex. As part of the pact, EDS bought a 10%
stake in CLS.

The two companies will integrate their systems for servicing consumer loan
portfolios and mortgages, offering the products separately or as a package.

Mr. Weitzell, who was a friend and business colleague of Mr. Morton's at
Maryland National, offered a long list of advantages available through his
company, including lower costs for banks, improved loan quality, faster decision
making, and freedom from maintaining regulatory compliance.

The fact that CLS is servicing a loan is also transparent to the customer.

Any correspondence to borrowers goes out on the stationery of the local bank.
Customers who call the 800 service number know only that it is "customer
service," not that it is a separate company.

Mr. Willis of First Manhattan said most of the outsourcing's perceived
negatives, though based on past experience, are fading in importance. Banks that
once lost money on the back end of 10-year contracts are smarter now, he pointed
out.

"There are legitimate issues to raise, which were not properly dealt with when
the contracts were first structured," said Mr. Willis. "But now, there should be
as much ability to control future cost structure and processing capability as
you can achieve in-house."

Mr. Morton added a distinction between outsourcing a bank's operations center
and outsourcing individual products.

"Product providers don't have the large exit penalties," he noted. "Big
operating and DP system outsourcers do, because they've got a huge front end
investment in the institution and they want to recoup it. When you outsource
your data center, you pay a big price to exercise your right to leave."

Mr. Morton does want to eventually get information from product providers onto
Farm and Home's monthly customer statements, "So we are not just (service)
providers, but are managing the information that goes back to them," he said.

But across the board, he appeared to agree with Mr. Weitzell's attitudes on
outsourcing.

"When outsourcing developed," Mr. Morton said, "the only people that used it
were troubled institutions. That clearly has changed. People should concentrate
on the two or three things they add value to. How much value-added can a bank
bring to its back office on consumer lending? That's like every Ford dealer
having its own manufacturing plant."

SECTION: MANAGEMENT STRATEGIES; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 1204 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Morton photo, chart

                      Copyright 1993 American Banker, Inc.


                             392 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD.)

                           November 27, 2001, Tuesday

BYLINE: By a Daily Record Legal Affairs Writer

SECTION: Pg. 1Bmid.inf

LENGTH: 296 words


A Caroline County dairy farmer can proceed with his claim that the government
discriminated against him on the basis of age in denying him a farm operating
loan and other services, a federal judge in Baltimore has ruled.     Farmer
James A. Faulkner claims that representatives of the USDA's Farm Service Agency
told him in late 1996 and early 1997 that he was "getting too old to fool with
cows" and that he "maybe ought to be thinking about securing a different line of
work." At the time, Faulkner was 56.     While the defense claims Faulkner never
completed the loan application and never submitted a required legal description
or deed to the property, Senior U.S. District Judge Alexander Harvey II last
week declined to enter summary judgment for either side.     Faulkner "should be
permitted to present to the jury his claim that there existed direct evidence of
discrimination on the part of representatives of the FSA," Harvey wrote. "It
will be for the jury to determine whether the statements in question were more
than stray or isolated remarks and whether a sufficient nexus existed between
the remarks in question and the adverse actions" taken by the FSA
representatives.     Harvey did grant the defense motion on one point,
dismissing Faulkner's claim that he had been discriminated against because of
his marital status.     Faulkner was going through a divorce at the time he was
seeking the operating loan, and the divorce had a bearing on his failure to
supply the documents the FSA representatives requested regarding the security
for the loan. However, there was no credible evidence of discrimination based on
marital status, Harvey wrote.     The published memorandum and order are
available as RecordFax #1-1119-40 (22 pages).

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2001 The Daily Record Co.


                             393 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 7, 2017

                             LANGMEAD FARMS LIMITED

                             LANGMEAD FARMS LIMITED
                              HAM FARM, MAIN ROAD
                                     BOSHAM
                              CHICHESTER PO18 8EH


TRADE ADDRESS: Ham Farm, Main Road Bosham, CHICHESTER PO18 8EH

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01243576333
FAX: 01243578630
URL: www.langmeadfarms.co.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 03834869

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: August 26, 1999
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 97

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name          Turnover
No.
SC272328        SCOTHERBS LIMITED     5,361,75
                                             9
10285594        LANGMEAD GROUP               0
                LIMITED
08797006        TOTAL HERBS LIMITED          0
-               -                            -
-               -                            -
-               -                            -
-               -                            -
-               -                            -
-               -                            -
-               -                            -

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    David Winston Langmead, Farmer/market Gardener
     ·    Mr John Christopher Patrick, Farming Director
     ·    Ian Summerfield, Director
     ·    Mr Peter James Scrimshaw, Chief Finance Officer


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Growing of non-perennial crops
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated HCO

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
01100 - Growing of crops; market gardening; horticulture
46310

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: January 2, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  January 2, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Group
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  September 29, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  August 26, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  547,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           02/01/201 27/12/201 28/12/201
                                                   6         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            7,211,705 7,109,427 2,262,983
Intangible Assets                            413,721   450,000         -
Total Fixed Assets                         7,625,426 7,559,427 2,262,983
Stocks                                       345,574   428,963   297,663
Debtors                                    2,210,640 3,727,991 1,864,805
Cash                                         122,007   253,231    29,192
Miscellaneous Current Assets               18,048,81 17,090,57 7,054,154
                                                   6         6
Other Current Assets                       18,170,82 17,343,80 7,083,346
                                                   3         7
Total Current Assets                       20,727,03 21,500,76 9,245,814
                                                   7         1
Fixed Assets                               6,185,026 7,109,427 2,262,982
Intermediate Assets                        1,026,679         -         1
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                    16,200,38 12,888,04 4,309,586
                                                   2         1
TOTAL ASSETS                               28,352,46 29,060,18 11,508,79
                                                   3         8         7



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           02/01/201 27/12/201 28/12/201
                                                   6         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                    885,695 2,826,581   494,110
Bank Overdraft                             5,786,027 5,008,753 4,423,311
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities          3,552,207 2,635,835 1,219,971
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                     378,852     8,963    85,871
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -    62,500
Other Current Liabilities                  3,173,355 2,626,872 1,134,100
Short Term Loans                           6,164,879 5,017,716 4,509,182
Long Term Loans                            13,232,29 13,357,85     8,963
                                                   6         8
Long Term Bank Loan                        11,440,73 11,531,13         -
                                                   3         9
Other Long Term Finance                    1,791,563 1,826,719     8,963
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                  316,545   590,952   284,526
Total Current Liabilities                  10,223,92 10,471,16 6,137,392
                                                   9         9
Total Long Term Liabilities                13,548,84 13,948,81   293,489
                                                   1         0
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          23,772,77 24,419,97 6,430,881
                                                   0         9
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry           630,613   370,491   362,991
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve              3,949,080 4,269,718 4,714,925
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                          4,579,693 4,640,209 5,077,916
Called Up Share Capital                          950       975       950
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)           629,663   369,516   362,041
Contingent Liabilities                     9,759,839   1616344   1768690
NET ASSETS                                 18,128,53 18,589,01 5,371,405
                                                   4         9


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   02/01/201 27/12/201 28/12/201
                           6         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales        20,875,07 18,032,38 9,411,094
                           3         2
Cost of Sales      16,360,84 13,528,28 6,507,836
                           2         2
Gross Profit       4,514,231 4,504,100 2,903,258
Operating Profit     518,080   -393794   751,288
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income    -368418   187,215   153,045
Interest Payable     438,901   201,433    76,556
Pretax Profit        -289239   -408012   827,777
Taxation              21,425    37,195   190,990
Profit After Tax     -310664   -445207   636,787
Dividends Payable          0         0         0
Retained Profits     -310664   -445207   636,787
Value Added        6,306,944 4,321,781 3,073,751
Capital Employed   18,128,53 18,589,01 5,371,405
                           4         9
Net Worth          4,165,972 4,190,209 5,077,916
Working Capital    10,503,10 11,029,59 3,108,422
                           8         2
Emp. Renumeration  4,580,831 3,897,509 1,883,533
Dir. Renumeration    270,354   394,130   274,732
Audit Fees            24,425    24,970     2,290
Non-audit Fees        24,125         -     1,000
Depreciation       1,208,033   818,066   438,930
Number of                 97        94        75
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                               02/01/201 27/12/201 28/12/201
                                                       6         4         3
                                                     GBP       GBP       GBP
Net Cashflow From Operating Activities         4,716,255 1,334,948   -976634
Net Cashflow From Return On Investment And       -118287    -14218    -74425
Servicing Of Finance
Net Cashflow Before Financing                  4,428,166  -2639885  -1553171
Net Cashflow From Financing                     -4447496 3,063,251 1,117,138
Increase In Cash                                  -19330   423,366   -436033

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales               15.76 121.81 236.93
Pretax             -29.11 -134.9 -121.5
                               4      4
Total Assets        -2.44 146.35 132.38
Current Assets       -3.6 124.18 104.65
Current             -2.36  66.58  37.21
Liabilities
Capital Employed    -2.48  237.5 281.65
Employee Wages      17.53  143.2 187.32
Number of            3.19  29.33  32.88
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 5,024 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
01100 Growing of crops; market gardening; horticulture



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -.04     4.88    15.63
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -.28     3.05     9.52
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -.09     4.05    16.43
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              22.85    87.41   165.91
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       39.54    16.83        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .71     1.47      3.5
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            23,109.5 33,252.4 48,787.0
                                                          8        6        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  15,691.4 21,531.3 28,340.2
                                                          9        5        8
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  46,025.6 102,613. 218,432.
                                                          8        1        6
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  32.41    20.75    10.71



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  97
=
Year -1  10
=         0
Year -2  98
=
Year -3  99
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                0/01/201 27/12/201 28/12/201
                                                       6         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                -1.6     -2.19     15.41
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                         -1.02      -1.4      7.19
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)             -6.32     -8.79      16.3
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                          -1.39     -2.26       8.8
Sales / Total Assets (%)                           73.63     62.05     81.77
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                            3.38      2.54      4.16
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                        50.31     61.17     33.03
Sales / Stocks                                     60.41     42.04     31.62
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )     38.65     75.46     72.32
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                2.03      2.05      1.51
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  1.99      2.01      1.46
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                        465.61    438.54     88.98
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.16      0.16      0.44
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                    317.63    318.79      0.18
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                293.26    -97.51      8.47
Current Liabilities / Stocks                       29.59     24.41     20.62
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees     47,225.0 41,462.86 25,113.77
(GBP)                                                  6
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                  21.94     21.61     20.01
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)       -2981.85  -4340.55 11,037.03
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)               215,206. 191,833.9 125,481.3
                                                       9
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees          186,892. 197,755.5 71,618.73
                                                       1
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        63,763.1  75,632.2 30,173.09
                                                       5
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        292,293. 309,150.9 153,450.6
                                                       4
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                    -4.59     -9.44     26.93
Value Added / Sales (%)                            30.21     23.97     32.66
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)         65,020.0 45,976.39 40,983.35
                                                       4
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                 1.38      1.11      1.63
Sales / Audit Fees                                854.66    722.16  4,109.65
Total Assets / Audit Fees                        1,160.8   1,163.8  5,025.68
Creditors / Debtors                                  0.4      0.76      0.26
Total Debt / Working Capital                        1.85      1.67      1.45
Total Debt / Total Assets                           0.68      0.63      0.39

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 18,128,534

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Grant Thornton UK LLP

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2017


                             394 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2016 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               November 26, 2016

                           CHERRYCROFT PROPERTIES LTD

                                NEW FARM OFFICE
                                   ELMS FARM
                                     GROVE
                                WANTAGE OX12 7PD


TRADE ADDRESS: New Farm Office Elms Farm Grove, WANTAGE OX12 7PD

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 09001403

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: April 17, 2014
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Richard William Smith, Retired
     ·    Mr Roger David Smith, Retired
     ·    Sidney Harford Smith, Administrator
     ·    Colin Arthur Smith, Administrator


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    Colin ArthurSmith


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Renting and operating of own or leased real estate
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68200

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: February 28, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  February 28, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Total Exemption Full
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  November 9, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  September 3, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  6,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           28/02/201 28/02/201         -
                                                   6         5
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                              133,500   133,500         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                           133,500   133,500         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                       26,748         -         -
Cash                                          35,830    35,159         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0    14,131         -
Other Current Assets                          35,830    49,290         -
Total Current Assets                          62,578    49,290         -
Fixed Assets                                 133,500   133,500         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 196,078   182,790         -



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           28/02/201 28/02/201         -
                                                   6         5
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                        275         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities             79,174   180,767         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                     79,174   180,767         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                     79,449   180,767         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                             79,449   180,767         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry             1,180     1,180         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                115,449       843         -
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                            116,629     2,023         -
Called Up Share Capital                        1,180     1,180         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                   116,629     2,023         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   28/02/201 28/02/201  -
                           6         5
                         GBP       GBP GB
                                        P
Total Sales                -         -  -
Cost of Sales              -         -  -
Gross Profit               -         -  -
Operating Profit           -         -  -
Export                     -         -  -
Nontrading Income          -         -  -
Interest Payable           -         -  -
Pretax Profit              -         -  -
Taxation                   -         -  -
Profit After Tax           -         -  -
Dividends Payable          -         -  -
Retained Profits           -         -  -
Value Added                -         -  -
Capital Employed     116,629     2,023  -
Net Worth            116,629     2,023  -
Working Capital       -16871   -131477  -
Emp. Renumeration          -         -  -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -  -
Audit Fees                 -         -  -
Non-audit Fees             -         -  -
Depreciation               -         -  -
Number of                  -         -  -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts   2 Years      3      5
                            Years  Years
                       GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                    -      -      -
Pretax                   -      -      -
Total Assets          7.27      -      -
Current Assets       26.96      -      -
Current             -56.05      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed   5,665.1      -      -
                         5
Employee Wages           -      -      -
Number of                -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 59,273 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
70200 Letting of own property



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     3.03    11.52
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0     2.14     6.41
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0    21.62    61.19
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               4.38     7.69    30.85
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       12.15        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .08       .6     2.26
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            27,864.5 79,369.5 161,438.
                                                          1        9        4
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,800 23,120.3 39,861.1
                                                                   7        1
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    70,000 168,352.  404,200
                                                                   9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  29.98     15.9     8.02



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  3
=        0
Year -1  -
=
Year -2  -
=
Year -3  -
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                    8/02/201 28/02/201 -
                                                           6         5
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                       -         - -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                                 -         - -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                     -         - -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                  -         - -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                   -         - -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                                   -         - -
Export / Sales (%)                                         -         - -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                                -         - -
Sales / Stocks                                             -         - -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales ) x           -         - -
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    0.79      0.27 -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                      0.79      0.27 -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                                 -         - -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                       0.59      0.01 -
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         - -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                         -         - -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                               -         - -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)          -         - -
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                          -         - -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  -         - -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                          -         - -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                     -         - -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -         - -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -         - -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                            -         - -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                    -         - -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    -         - -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                        -         - -
Sales / Audit Fees                                         -         - -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                                  -         - -
Creditors / Debtors                                     0.01         - -
Total Debt / Working Capital                               -         - -
Total Debt / Total Assets                                  -         - -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 116,629

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Chapman Worth Ltd

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2017


                             395 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 5, 2013 Tuesday

BRIEF: USDA simplifying guaranteed farm loans

BYLINE: Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 172 words


March 05--The U.S. Department of Agriculture announced last week an interim rule
that sets thresholds on the interest rates charged by lenders on guaranteed farm
ownership and operating loans.

According to USDA officials, the changes will amend guidelines for interest
rates and establish new policies that clearly set the maximum interest rate
lenders may charge to borrowers.

USDA's Farm Service Agency guaranteed loans reduce the risk of loss to lenders
-- banks, farm credit institutions and credit unions -- by guaranteeing up to 95
percent of the loss of principal and interest on a loan.

By reducing a lender's risk, borrowers benefit from a lower rate.

USDA officials say the improvements in the new rule will make credit pricing
procedures easier to follow and improve compliance for lenders.

To learn more, call the Weld County Farm Service Agency office at (970)
356-8097.

___ (c)2013 the Greeley Tribune (Greeley, Colo.) Visit the Greeley Tribune
(Greeley, Colo.) at www.greeleytribune.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130305-GY-BRF-USDA-simplifying-guaranteed-farm-loans-0305-20130305

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2013 Greeley Tribune


                             396 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                October 25, 1993

FmHA Slated To Disappear?

BYLINE: By TED CORNWELL

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 380 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


As part of a broad restructuring of the Department of Agriculture, the Farmers
Home Administration may become a thing of the past.

Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy has recommended that FmHA programs be divided
and assigned to new agencies as part of a "reinvention" and consolidation of
USDA headquarters.  The USDA's 43 agencies will be consolidated into 30 agencies
centered around six administrative units.

The Farm Credit Administration, which administers the Farm Credit System, will
not be affected by the reorganization.

Under the proposal, FmHA farm programs would become part of a new farm service
agency.  Housing and community development programs would be assigned to a rural
development service agency.

Other FmHA programs would become part of a rural business development and
cooperative development agency and the rural utilities service agency.

The Federal Crop Insurance Corp. will also be merged into the farm service
agency.

The USDA has often been criticized because of its baffling network of offices
and programs.  Almost every county in the U.S. has a USDA field office.

The Clinton administration has proposed reducing the number of field offices
from 3,700 to 2,485.

The FmHA, often referred to as "the lender of last resort," provides a
significant source of credit for rural homeowners and farmers who have trouble
obtaining conventional credit.

In recent years, the FmHA has increasingly relied on loan guarantees to augment
its direct loan programs.  Under most of the guarantees, the FmHA provides
insured loans that are originated by private lenders.

In fiscal 1993, which ended Sept. 30, the FmHA guaranteed $ 539 million in
single-family housing loans.  The FmHA also provided $ 1.29 billion in direct
rural housing loans.

The FmHA also guaranteed $ 1 billion in farm operating loans and $ 490 million
in farm ownership loans in fiscal 1993.

Speaking during a rural development conference earlier this month.  Secretary
Espy said the USDA will attempt to be a partner with local governments,
nonprofit agencies and the private sector.

"The days of massive federal budgets for development initiatives are long gone.
I see the federal government as part of a larger whole -- a drive shaft in the
giant economic engine," he said.

LOAD-DATE: November 05, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             397 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                    June 19, 1989, MONDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

S&LS HERE SHOW MIXED RESULTS

BYLINE: David Nicklaus Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: BUSINESS PLUS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 494 words


First-quarter results were mixed at the 23 savings and loan associations
operating in St. Louis and St. Louis County. Twelve of the S&Ls posted higher
profits, five posted lower profits and at least three lost money. Those
reporting losses were Clayton Savings and Loan Association, Public Service
Savings and Loan Association and St. Louis County Federal Savings and Loan
Association.  Three other S&Ls - Missouri Savings Association, Cass Federal
Savings and Loan Association and New Age Federal Savings and Loan Association -
did not provide their profit-or-loss figures. Missouri Savings and Cass Federal
are already insolvent; Cass Federal has been placed in conservatorship by the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corp., and Missouri Savings is being run by new
management brought in by the Federal Home Loan Bank Board.  S&Ls reporting
profit declines, and the comparison with the first quarter of 1988, were:
American Home, down 73 percent; Farm & Home, down 36 percent; Germania, down 50
percent; Pulaski, down 25 percent; and Reliance Federal, down 28 percent.  The
S&Ls' recent balance sheets show that most of them would not have enough capital
to comply with standards in the S&L bailout bill passed last week by the U.S.
House of Representatives.  The bill would require a capital-to-assets ratio of 6
percent. Only seven S&Ls operating in St. Louis currently show that level of
capital, and only three of those - American Home, Farm & Home and First Federal
- currently use generally accepted accounting principles, which are required
under the bill.  The other institutions use more liberal regulatory accounting
rules that were created for S&Ls in the early 1980s.  Results for other S&Ls in
the metropolitan area will be reported in a future Financial Institution Watch
feature.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Graphic; TABLE/CHART....St. Louis Savings and Loan Results...Source:
Greater St.  Louis League of Savings Institutions and individual institutions.

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             398 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                 March 2, 2017

                         GLADSTONE ENGINEERING LIMITED

                                 CAULDHALL FARM
                                     HOUSE
                                 CAULDHALL FARM
                              GOREBRIDGE EH23 4SW


TRADE ADDRESS: Cauldhall Farm House Cauldhall Farm, GOREBRIDGE EH23 4SW

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01782536615
URL: www.gladstoneengineering.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: SC423527

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: May 4, 2012
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Graham Gladstone, Engineer
     ·    Mr Herbert Gladstone, Farmer


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Construction of buildings
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Normal   Medium sized unquoted company exempt from filing a
turnover figure

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
41000 - Collection, purification and distribution of water

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: May 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: May 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  May 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  February 27, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  May 4, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  21,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/05/201 31/05/201 31/05/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         2
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         2
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -       100         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                  66,856         0         -
Other Current Assets                          66,856       100         -
Total Current Assets                          66,856       100         -
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         2
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                  66,856       100         2



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/05/201 31/05/201 31/05/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities             41,001         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                     41,001         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                      850         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                     41,001         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                      850         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                             41,851         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry            25,005       100         2
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                             25,005       100         2
Called Up Share Capital                            -       100         2
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)            25,005         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                    25,855         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/05/201 31/05/201 31/05/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed      25,855       100         2
Net Worth             25,005       100         2
Working Capital       25,855       100         -
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2  3 Years  5 Years
                    Years
                      GBP      GBP      GBP
Sales                   -        -        -
Pretax                  -        -        -
Total Assets       66,756 3,342,70 3,342,70
                                 0        0
Current Assets     66,756        - 3,342,70
                                          0
Current                 -        -        -
Liabilities
Capital Employed   25,755 1,292,65 1,292,65
                                 0        0
Employee Wages          -        -        -
Number of               -        -        -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 33,608 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
45210 General construction of buildings and civil
engineering works



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   2.48    13.05    41.33
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                        .18     4.77    18.16
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                               .77     3.85    15.54
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              66.39   207.69   345.91
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       61.74    20.41        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .71     1.06      1.8
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            38,242.7 49,238.8 62,422.3
                                                          3        4        6
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    26,350 33,638.6 40,872.4
                                                                   6        3
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  143,667. 243,527. 470,650.
                                                          6        2        2
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  20.92    12.93     7.83



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  5
=        6
Year -1  5
=        6
Year -2  5
=        6
Year -3  1
=        4

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/05/201 31/05/201 31/05/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.63         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  1.63         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.37         1         1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 25,855

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2017


                             399 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2016 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                December 8, 2016

                      MANOR FARMS (LITTLE MILTON) LIMITED

                                  HEDGE HOUSE
                                HANGERSLEY HILL
                                    RINGWOOD
                                Oxford OX44 7QG


TRADE ADDRESS: Ditchend Farm Rofford Lane Little Milton, Oxford OX44 7QG

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 02803790

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: March 26, 1993
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  NEWMAN FARMS (MANOR FARM) LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  NEWMAN FARMS (MANOR FARM) LIMITED

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Thomas Richard Mortlock, Solicitor
     ·    Mr Graham William Latham, Accountant


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: NW Farmers.
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Small unquoted company filing only a modified balance sheet

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
01300 - Growing of crops combined with farming of animals (mixed farming)

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  December 7, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  March 26, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  500,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            2,940,000 2,940,000   688,000
Intangible Assets                                  0         0         0
Total Fixed Assets                         2,940,000 2,940,000   688,000
Stocks                                             0         0         0
Debtors                                            0         0         0
Cash                                          49,000    43,000    49,000
Miscellaneous Current Assets               1,979,000 1,978,000 2,180,000
Other Current Assets                       2,028,000 2,021,000 2,229,000
Total Current Assets                       2,028,000 2,021,000 2,229,000
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        0         0         0
Due From Group, Current                            0         0         0
TOTAL ASSETS                               4,968,000 4,961,000 2,917,000



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          0         0         0
Bank Overdraft                                     0         0         0
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            392,000   391,000   382,000
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              0         0         0
Due To Directors, Current                          0         0         0
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          0         0         0
Due To Directors, Non Current                      0         0         0
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                    392,000   391,000   382,000
Total Long Term Liabilities                        0         0         0
TOTAL LIABILITIES                            392,000   391,000   382,000
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry         1,143,000 1,143,000 1,143,000
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve              1,167,000 1,161,000 1,392,000
Revaluation Reserve                        2,266,000 2,266,000         0
Shareholder Funds                          4,576,000 4,570,000 2,535,000
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 4,576,000 4,570,000 2,535,000


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed   4,576,000 4,570,000 2,535,000
Net Worth          4,576,000 4,570,000 2,535,000
Working Capital    1,636,000 1,630,000 1,847,000
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             0         0         0
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            -      0     70
Current Assets          -      0     -9
Current                 -      0      3
Liabilities
Capital Employed        -      0     81
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 832 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
01300 Growing of crops combined with farming of
animals (mixed farming)



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                   Lower Media Uppe
                                                             n    r
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)               -6.59  1.01 10.7
                                                                  0
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                   -4.62  0.56 4.55
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                          -19.4  5.22 25.0
                                                       0          0
Sales / Total Assets (%)                            6.26 26.79 64.0
                                                                  0
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x    34.41  5.70 0.00
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                0.50  1.08 3.00
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -     -    -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)      -     -    -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -     -    -
Wages / Turnover (%)                                   -     -    -



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  8
=        3
Year -1  8
=        3
Year -2  8
=        2
Year -3  8
=        2

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                5.17      5.17      5.84
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  5.17      5.17      5.84
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.92      0.92      0.87
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 4,576,000

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Graham Latham Ltd
BANKER: NATWEST BANK

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2016


                             400 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2016 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                  July 5, 2016

                            MUN VALLEY FARMS LIMITED

                                   GROVE FARM
                                   GIMINGHAM
                                    NORWICH
                                Norwich NR11 8HQ


TRADE ADDRESS: Cargill Farms Grove Farm Gimingham, Norwich NR11 8HQ

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 00823427

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: October 16, 1964
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  PITT FARMS LIMITED

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Alistair David Cargill, Director


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    KAY STRACHANTONKS, FARM SECRETARY


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: BB
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Dissolved company

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
01110 - Growing of cereals and other crops not elsewhere classified

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: April 30, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: April 30

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  April 30, 2015
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  January 29, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  December 28, 2015
CREDIT LIMIT:  Z

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           30/04/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                              418,000   370,000   328,000
Intangible Assets                                  0         0         0
Total Fixed Assets                           418,000   370,000   328,000
Stocks                                             0         0         0
Debtors                                            0         0         0
Cash                                           2,000     6,000     7,000
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         0         0
Other Current Assets                           2,000     6,000     7,000
Total Current Assets                           2,000     6,000     7,000
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        0         0         0
Due From Group, Current                            0         0         0
TOTAL ASSETS                                 420,000   376,000   335,000



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           30/04/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          0         0         0
Bank Overdraft                                     0         0         0
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities             12,000    11,000     9,000
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              0         0         0
Due To Directors, Current                          0         0         0
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          0         0         0
Due To Directors, Non Current                      0         0         0
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                     12,000    11,000     9,000
Total Long Term Liabilities                        0         0         0
TOTAL LIABILITIES                             12,000    11,000     9,000
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry             1,000         0     1,000
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                405,000   363,000   323,000
Revaluation Reserve                            2,000     2,000     2,000
Shareholder Funds                            408,000   365,000   326,000
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                   408,000   365,000   326,000


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   30/04/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed     408,000   365,000   326,000
Net Worth            408,000   365,000   326,000
Working Capital       -10000     -5000     -2000
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             0         0         0
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            -     12     25
Current Assets          -    -67    -71
Current                 -      9     33
Liabilities
Capital Employed        -     12     25
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 3,958 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
01110 Growing of cereals and other crops not elsewhere
classified



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -0.27     3.54    12.12
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -0.57     2.27     8.46
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -0.85     5.47    20.05
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               8.75    47.23   111.26
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       39.54    17.11     0.00
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   0.78     1.61     3.92
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -        -        -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  15,691.4 23,597.6 31,610.1
                                                          9        2        7
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  53,937.5 132,000. 275,777.
                                                          0        0        7
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  27.85    16.09     9.80



CREDIT RATING
Year  0         Dissolved or dissolution action
=                                       pending
Year -1                                      83
=
Year -2                                      83
=
Year -3                                      83
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                0/04/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                0.17      0.55      0.78
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.17      0.55      0.78
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.97      0.97      0.97
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 408,000

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Argents
BANKER: BARCLAYS BANK

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2016


                             401 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                January 10, 2017

                       HOLME FARM GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED

                           THE SITE OFFICE HOLME FARM
                            BOSTON ROAD, SWINESHEAD
                                     BOSTON
                                BOSTON PE20 3NL


TRADE ADDRESS: Holme Farm Boston Road, BOSTON PE20 3NL

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01205290470
FAX: 01205-290599
URL: www.holmefarm.co.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 03794724

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: June 24, 1999
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  KIRIL MISCHEFF LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  KIRIL MISCHEFF (TRADING) LIMITED



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name                             Turnover
No.
03715935        HOLME FARM MARKETING (BOSTON)                   0
                LIMITED
03156919        E.F.W. LTD.                          3,638,070,00
                                                                0
01373110        HOLME FARM TRANSPORT LIMITED                    0
-               -                                               -
-               -                                               -
-               -                                               -
-               -                                               -
-               -                                               -
-               -                                               -
-               -                                               -

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Dimiter Alexandrov Mirchev, Company Director
     ·    Mr Andrew Victor Charlton, Tech Director
     ·    Suzanne Welberry, Director
     ·    Mr Alan Smith, Chartered Accountant


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    MrAlanSmith


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Other processing and preserving of fruit and vegetables
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Normal   Company acting as agents

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
10390

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: September 30, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: September 30

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  September 30, 2015
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Full Accounts
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  June 24, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  June 24, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  144,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           30/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                             111       111       111
Miscellaneous Current Assets               2,318,763 2,318,763         0
Other Current Assets                       2,318,874 2,318,874       111
Total Current Assets                       2,318,874 2,318,874       111
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                    2,318,763 2,318,763         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               2,318,874 2,318,874       111



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           30/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -     8,000    28,991
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -     8,000    28,991
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -     8,000    28,991
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -     8,000    28,991
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry         4,029,754 4,029,754 1,690,000
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve               -1710880  -1718880  -1718880
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                          2,318,874 2,310,874    -28880
Called Up Share Capital                    2,439,865 2,439,865   100,111
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)         1,589,889 1,589,889 1,589,889
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         - 2,310,874    -28880


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   30/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit       8,000         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          0         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit          8,000         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax       8,000         -         -
Dividends Payable          0         -         -
Retained Profits       8,000         -         -
Value Added            8,000         -         -
Capital Employed   2,318,874 2,310,874    -28880
Net Worth          2,318,874 2,310,874    -28880
Working Capital    2,318,874 2,310,874    -28880
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          0         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2  3 Years  5 Years
                    Years
                      GBP      GBP      GBP
Sales                   -        -        -
Pretax                  -        -        -
Total Assets            0 2,088,97 2,088,97
                                 6        6
Current Assets          0 2,088,97 2,088,97
                                 6        6
Current                 -        -        -
Liabilities
Capital Employed     0.35 -8129.34 -8129.34
Employee Wages          -        -        -
Number of               -        -        -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 290 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
15330 Processing and preserving of fruit and
vegetables not elsewhere classified



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   4.14    12.27    42.59
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                        .93     6.43    14.79
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                               .56     3.46     7.26
Sales / Total Assets (%)                             136.75   196.88   363.36
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       52.52    35.11     8.82
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .58     1.07        2
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            27,563.6 38,481.3 57,476.6
                                                                   7        9
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  19,373.3 22,422.9 30,070.4
                                                          5        9
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  108,074. 168,407. 390,303.
                                                          3        5        5
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  21.81    14.11     7.86



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  9
=        4
Year -1  3
=        6
Year -2  7
=        1
Year -3  7
=        1

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                0/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                0.34         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                          0.34         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)              0.34         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -    289.86         0
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -    289.86         0
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      1         1   -260.18
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                      100         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: KPMG LLP

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2017


                             402 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               February 12, 2017

                                 HALL FARM LTD

                                   HALL FARM
                                  MARTHAM ROAD
                                    ROLLESBY
                            GREAT YARMOUTH NR29 5DR


TRADE ADDRESS: Hall Farm Martham Road Rollesby, GREAT YARMOUTH NR29 5DR

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01493740262
URL: www.christooke.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 07898542

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: January 5, 2012
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name                    Turnove
No.                                                   r
SC199910        MAUD PROPERTY MANAGEMENT         67,846
                LIMITED
-               -                                     -
-               -                                     -
-               -                                     -
-               -                                     -
-               -                                     -
-               -                                     -
-               -                                     -
-               -                                     -
-               -                                     -

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Chris Tooke, Director


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Other letting and operating of own or leased real estate
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68209

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  July 29, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  January 5, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  18,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                              236,150   220,172   168,049
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                           236,150   220,172   168,049
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                           1,094     6,285     5,755
Miscellaneous Current Assets                   3,371     6,148     1,686
Other Current Assets                           4,465    12,433     7,441
Total Current Assets                           4,465    12,433     7,441
Fixed Assets                                 236,150   220,172   168,049
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 240,615   232,605   175,490



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            152,548   150,412         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                    152,548   150,412         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                    4,206     1,584   127,848
Total Current Liabilities                    152,548   150,412         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                    4,206     1,584   127,848
TOTAL LIABILITIES                            156,754   151,996   127,848
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry               100       100       100
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                 83,761    80,509    47,542
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                             83,861    80,609    47,642
Called Up Share Capital                          100       100       100
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                    88,067    82,193         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed      88,067    82,193   175,490
Net Worth             83,861    80,609    47,642
Working Capital      -148083   -137979     7,441
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets         3.44  37.11 121.69
Current Assets     -64.09 -39.99 -56.22
Current              1.42      -  88.35
Liabilities
Capital Employed     7.15 -49.82 219.73
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 59,273 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
70200 Letting of own property



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     3.03    11.52
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0     2.14     6.41
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0    21.62    61.19
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               4.38     7.69    30.85
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       12.15        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .08       .6     2.26
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            27,864.5 79,369.5 161,438.
                                                          1        9        4
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,800 23,120.3 39,861.1
                                                                   7        1
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    70,000 168,352.  404,200
                                                                   9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  29.98     15.9     8.02



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  8
=        6
Year -1  7
=        9
Year -2  2
=        3
Year -3  -
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                0.03      0.08         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.03      0.08         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.35      0.35      0.27
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 88,067

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2017


                             403 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                 March 1, 2017

                            SANDFIELDS FARMS LIMITED

                                  HAINEY FARM
                                     BARWAY
                                      ELY
                          STRATFORD-UPON-AVON CV37 9SJ


TRADE ADDRESS: Manor Farm, STRATFORD-UPON-AVON CV37 9SJ

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01789751126
URL: www.gs-fresh.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 06319343

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: July 20, 2007
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 516

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  J.B SHROPSHIRE & SONS LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  J.B SHROPSHIRE & SONS LIMITED



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name                      Turnove
No.                                                     r
07168174        WEST AFRICA FARMS HOLDINGS              0
                LIMITED
-               -                                       -
-               -                                       -
-               -                                       -
-               -                                       -
-               -                                       -
-               -                                       -
-               -                                       -
-               -                                       -
-               -                                       -

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr John Bourne Shropshire, Company Director
     ·    Mr William Derek Wilkinson, Vegetable Grower
     ·    Mr David Thompson Thompson, Accountant


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: 160805 Growing of perennial crops
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Normal   Company acting as agents

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
01200 - Farming of animals

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: October 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: October 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  October 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Full Accounts
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  July 29, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  November 6, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  729,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/10/201 03/05/201 04/05/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            6,984,495 7,153,264 6,592,787
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                         6,984,495 7,153,264 6,592,787
Stocks                                     1,027,036 1,413,067 1,365,392
Debtors                                    8,452,500 3,537,828 3,103,366
Cash                                         288,220    44,033 1,400,634
Miscellaneous Current Assets               1,008,753 3,461,648 1,147,284
Other Current Assets                       1,296,973 3,505,681 2,547,918
Total Current Assets                       10,776,50 8,456,576 7,016,676
                                                   9
Fixed Assets                               6,864,495 7,076,764 6,516,287
Intermediate Assets                          120,000    76,500    76,500
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            - 2,831,518         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               17,761,00 15,609,84 13,609,46
                                                   4         0         3



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/10/201 03/05/201 04/05/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                  5,383,916 1,997,486 2,255,266
Bank Overdraft                                12,600   279,457   123,455
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities          4,615,264 5,305,375 4,368,622
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                     621,389 3,686,159 2,460,466
Due To Group, Current                        586,389 3,586,989 2,249,040
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                  3,993,875 1,619,216 1,908,156
Short Term Loans                             633,989 3,965,616 2,583,921
Long Term Loans                                    - 2,555,400 2,654,415
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            - 2,555,400 2,654,415
Due To Group, Non Current                          - 2,500,000 2,500,000
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                  10,011,78 7,582,318 6,747,343
                                                   0
Total Long Term Liabilities                        - 2,555,400 2,654,415
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          10,011,78 10,137,71 9,401,758
                                                   0         8
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry           300,000   300,000   300,000
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve              7,449,224 5,172,122 3,907,705
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                          7,749,224 5,472,122 4,207,705
Called Up Share Capital                        1,124     1,124     1,124
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)           298,876   298,876   298,876
Contingent Liabilities                             -   5347973   5191855
NET ASSETS                                 7,749,224 8,027,522 6,862,120


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/10/201 03/05/201 04/05/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales        52,520,03 36,681,84 30,758,00
                           5         8         3
Cost of Sales      50,414,52 36,052,85 30,459,86
                           8         8         3
Gross Profit       2,105,507   628,990   298,140
Operating Profit   4,650,376 1,859,589   897,252
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income     -12324     -5387    44,471
Interest Payable     222,535   146,381   128,811
Pretax Profit      4,139,240 1,707,821   812,912
Taxation           1,362,138   443,404   220,562
Profit After Tax   2,777,102 1,264,417   592,350
Dividends Payable    500,000         0         0
Retained Profits   2,277,102 1,264,417   592,350
Value Added        20,926,07 10,944,78 9,972,894
                           9         2
Capital Employed   7,749,224 8,027,522 6,862,120
Net Worth          7,749,224 5,472,122 4,207,705
Working Capital      764,729   874,258   269,333
Emp. Renumeration  15,048,49 8,301,496 8,212,098
                           0
Dir. Renumeration    372,578   227,194   219,423
Audit Fees             9,900     8,500    10,950
Non-audit Fees         5,070     2,450         -
Depreciation       1,227,213   783,697   863,544
Number of                516       434       425
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                               31/10/201 03/05/201 04/05/201
                                                       5         4         3
                                                     GBP       GBP       GBP
Net Cashflow From Operating Activities         2,560,721   149,113 2,713,656
Net Cashflow From Return On Investment And      -1011136   -151768    -84340
Servicing Of Finance
Net Cashflow Before Financing                    630,614  -1301332 1,430,592
Net Cashflow From Financing                      -119570   -211271   -129497
Increase In Cash                                 511,044  -1512603 1,301,095

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales               43.18  70.75  67.44
Pretax             142.37 409.19 251.87
Total Assets        13.78   30.5  44.11
Current Assets      27.43  53.58  76.22
Current             32.04  48.38  78.14
Liabilities
Capital Employed    -3.47  12.93  15.59
Employee Wages      81.27  83.25  55.55
Number of           18.89  21.41   0.98
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 5,024 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
01100 Growing of crops; market gardening; horticulture



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -.04     4.88    15.63
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -.28     3.05     9.52
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -.09     4.05    16.43
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              22.85    87.41   165.91
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       39.54    16.83        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .71     1.47      3.5
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            23,109.5 33,252.4 48,787.0
                                                          8        6        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  15,691.4 21,531.3 28,340.2
                                                          9        5        8
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  46,025.6 102,613. 218,432.
                                                          8        1        6
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  32.41    20.75    10.71



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  6
=        0
Year -1  9
=        2
Year -2  8
=        5
Year -3  9
=        8

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/10/201 03/05/201 04/05/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)               53.41     21.27     11.85
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                         23.31     10.94      5.97
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)             53.41     31.21     19.32
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                           7.88      4.66      2.64
Sales / Total Assets (%)                           295.7    234.99       226
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                            7.65      5.18      4.72
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                         1.46      2.38      0.88
Sales / Stocks                                     51.14     25.96     22.53
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )     58.74      35.2     36.83
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.08      1.12      1.04
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.97      0.93      0.84
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                          8.18    119.17    124.49
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.44      0.35      0.31
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -      46.7     63.08
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                 10.75      7.89     13.68
Current Liabilities / Stocks                        9.75      5.37      4.94
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees     29,163.7 19,127.87 19,322.58
(GBP)                                                  4
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                  28.65     22.63      26.7
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)       8,021.78  3,935.07  1,912.73
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                101,783 84,520.39 72,371.77
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees          15,017.8 18,496.59 16,146.16
                                                       8
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        13,303.2 16,305.91 15,332.44
                                                       8
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        34,420.5 35,967.37 32,022.27
                                                       5
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                    19.78      15.6      8.15
Value Added / Sales (%)                            39.84     29.84     32.42
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)         40,554.4 25,218.39 23,465.63
                                                       2
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                 1.39      1.32      1.21
Sales / Audit Fees                              5,305.05  4,315.51  2,808.95
Total Assets / Audit Fees                       1,794.04  1,836.45  1,242.87
Creditors / Debtors                                 0.64      0.56      0.73
Total Debt / Working Capital                        0.83      7.46     19.45
Total Debt / Total Assets                           0.04      0.42      0.38

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 7,749,224

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Grant Thornton UK LLP

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2017


                             404 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 10, 2017

                                MESSRS EVANS LTD

                               DYFFRYN ARTH FARM
                                      FARM
                                   CROSS INN
                                LLANON SY23 5NE


TRADE ADDRESS: Dyffryn Arth Farm Farm Cross Inn, LLANON SY23 5NE

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 08190605

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: August 24, 2012
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    John Gerwyn Evans, Farmer
     ·    Heulwen Gwawr Evans, Farmer
     ·    William Gethin Evans, Farmer
     ·    Gwyn Alun Evans, Farmer


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    Heulwen GwawrEvans


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Raising of dairy cattle
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
01410 - Agricultural service activities

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: August 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: August 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  August 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  March 8, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  August 24, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  16,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/08/201 31/08/201 31/08/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                              47        45         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         0         4
Other Current Assets                              47        45         4
Total Current Assets                              47        45         4
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                      47        45         4



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/08/201 31/08/201 31/08/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities              3,808       354         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                      3,808       354         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                    4,421     4,421         -
Total Current Liabilities                      3,808       354         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                    4,421     4,421         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                              8,229     4,775         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 4         4         4
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                  -8186     -4734         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                              -8182     -4730         4
Called Up Share Capital                            4         4         4
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                     -3761      -309         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/08/201 31/08/201 31/08/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed       -3761      -309         4
Net Worth              -8182     -4730         4
Working Capital        -3761      -309         4
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts   2 Years      3      5
                            Years  Years
                       GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                    -      -      -
Pretax                   -      -      -
Total Assets          4.44  1,075  1,075
Current Assets        4.44  1,075  1,075
Current             975.71      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed   1,117.1 -94125 -94125
                         5
Employee Wages           -      -      -
Number of                -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 1,824 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
01210 Farming of cattle, dairy farming



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     2.52      8.7
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                        -.5     2.16     5.78
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0     4.31    13.39
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              16.29    57.48    111.9
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       35.99    19.16        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .59     1.06     2.37
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            33,657.9 40,816.4 68,376.5
                                                          3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  19,411.9 22,330.1 26,632.8
                                                                   4        3
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    93,950 175,892.  291,800
                                                                   8
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  23.08    14.29     6.96



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  7
=        9
Year -1  3
=        2
Year -2  1
=        3
Year -3  1
=        3

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/08/201 31/08/201 31/08/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                0.01      0.13         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.01      0.13         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                -174.09   -105.11         1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP -3761

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: HB Enoch & Owen Ltd

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2017


                             405 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               February 24, 2017

                    TUDELEY FARM MANAGEMENT COMPANY LIMITED

                           THE CIDER PRESS PARK FARM
                                    TUDELEY
                                   TONBRIDGE
                               TONBRIDGE TN11 0NL


TRADE ADDRESS: The Cider Press Park Farm Tudeley, TONBRIDGE TN11 0NL

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 08123901

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: June 29, 2012
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Christopher James Wise, None
     ·    Sara Tamsin Day, None
     ·    Andrew James Rankine, Pharaceutical Manager
     ·    Claire Catherine Derbyshire, Private Landlord


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Management of real estate on a fee or contract basis
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68320

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: June 30, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: June 30

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  June 30, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  February 18, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  June 29, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  12,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           30/06/201 30/06/201 30/06/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                              10         1         1
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         0         0
Other Current Assets                              10         1         1
Total Current Assets                              10         1         1
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                      10         1         1



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           30/06/201 30/06/201 30/06/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                10         1         1
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                 10         1         1
Called Up Share Capital                           10         1         1
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   30/06/201 30/06/201 30/06/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed          10         1         1
Net Worth                 10         1         1
Working Capital           10         1         1
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets          900    900    900
Current Assets        900    900    900
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed      900    900    900
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 27,873 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
70320 Management of real estate on a fee or contract
basis



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     6.52       25
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0      .55    16.22
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0     1.98       20
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              44.56    89.16   165.42
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       52.87        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                     .8     1.13     2.81
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            27,964.2 51,071.8   86,397
                                                          7        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  15,348.8 25,915.8 41,333.3
                                                          9        1        3
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                     8,000   31,000 107,634.
                                                                            8
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  47.43    31.17    12.92



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  6
=        6
Year -1  6
=        6
Year -2  8
=        2
Year -3  8
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                0/06/201 30/06/201 30/06/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      1         1         1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2017


                             406 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 24, 2017

                       BURY FARM CLOSE RESIDENTS LIMITED

                               15 BURY FARM CLOSE
                                BURY FARM CLOSE
                                    SLAPTON
                            LEIGHTON BUZZARD LU7 9DS


TRADE ADDRESS: 15 Bury Farm Close Bury Farm Close, LEIGHTON BUZZARD LU7 9DS

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01525220540

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 03166305

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: February 29, 1996
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Dr Bruce Butler, Management Consultant
     ·    Jack Siu Nang Mok, Accountant


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Residents property management
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
98000

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: February 28, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: February 28

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  February 28, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  August 11, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  February 28, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  12,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           28/02/201 28/02/201 28/02/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                           4,174     5,056     4,961
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         0         0
Other Current Assets                           4,174     5,056     4,961
Total Current Assets                           4,174     5,056     4,961
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                   4,174     5,056     4,961



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           28/02/201 28/02/201 28/02/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities              2,750     2,750     2,750
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                      2,750     2,750     2,750
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                      2,750     2,750     2,750
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                              2,750     2,750     2,750
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry               700       700       700
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                    724     1,606     1,511
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                              1,424     2,306     2,211
Called Up Share Capital                          700       700       700
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                     1,424     2,306     2,211


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   28/02/201 28/02/201 28/02/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales            1,295     1,520     1,400
Cost of Sales              0         0         0
Gross Profit           1,295     1,520     1,400
Operating Profit        -882        95       -58
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          0         0         0
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit           -882        95       -58
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax        -882        95       -58
Dividends Payable          0         0         0
Retained Profits        -882        95       -58
Value Added             -882        95       -58
Capital Employed       1,424     2,306     2,211
Net Worth              1,424     2,306     2,211
Working Capital        1,424     2,306     2,211
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          0         0         0
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts   2 Years 3 Years 5 Years
                       GBP     GBP     GBP
Sales                -14.8    -7.5   -0.38
Pretax             -1028.4 1,420.6 -1416.4
                         2       9       2
Total Assets        -17.44  -15.86  -16.85
Current Assets      -17.44  -15.86  -16.85
Current                  0       0       0
Liabilities
Capital Employed    -38.25  -35.59  -37.27
Employee Wages           -       -       -
Number of                -       -       -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 27,873 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
70320 Management of real estate on a fee or contract
basis



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     6.52       25
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0      .55    16.22
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0     1.98       20
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              44.56    89.16   165.42
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       52.87        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                     .8     1.13     2.81
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            27,964.2 51,071.8   86,397
                                                          7        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  15,348.8 25,915.8 41,333.3
                                                          9        1        3
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                     8,000   31,000 107,634.
                                                                            8
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  47.43    31.17    12.92



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  6
=        8
Year -1  6
=        8
Year -2  8
=        6
Year -3  8
=        6

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                8/02/201 28/02/201 28/02/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)              -61.94      4.12     -2.62
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                        -21.13      1.88     -1.17
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)            -61.94      4.12     -2.62
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                         -68.11      6.25     -4.14
Sales / Total Assets (%)                           31.03     30.06     28.22
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                       109.96    151.71    157.93
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.52      1.84       1.8
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  1.52      1.84       1.8
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.34      0.46      0.45
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                      100       100       100
Value Added / Sales (%)                           -68.11      6.25     -4.14
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 1,424

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Jack Mok

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2017


                             407 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                 March 7, 2017

                            BANKS RENEWABLES LIMITED

                                 INKERMAN HOUSE
                                 ST. JOHNS ROAD
                                  MEADOWFIELD
                               FERRYHILL DL17 9EU


TRADE ADDRESS: West Cornforth, FERRYHILL DL17 9EU

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 02387216

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: May 22, 1989
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 26

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  THE BANKS GROUP LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  THE BANKS GROUP LIMITED



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name                                         Turnover
No.
10361003        KMH HOLDINGS LIMITED                                        0
09635629        BANKS RENEWABLES (PENNY HILL SOLAR FARM) LIMITED            0
08843252        CAMVO 201 LIMITED                                           0
08791006        BANKS RENEWABLES (HARTING RIG WIND FARM) LIMITED     1,033,27
                                                                            6
08773091        BANKS RENEWABLES (MILL RIG WIND FARM) LIMITED        1,033,27
                                                                            6
08464595        BANKS RENEWABLES (SAUCHANWOOD HILL WIND FARM)        1,033,27
                LIMITED                                                     6
08332209        BANKS RENEWABLES (LETHANS EAST WIND FARM) LIMITED     826,621
08231487        BANKS RENEWABLES (BANDIRRAN WIND FARM) LIMITED              0
08217768        BANKS RENEWABLES (LETHANS WIND FARM) LIMITED         1,033,27
                                                                            6
07767076        BANKS RENEWABLES (HIGH CUMNOCK WIND FARM) LIMITED    1,033,27
                                                                            6

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Harry James Banks, Group Chairman And Managing Director
     ·    Mr Colin Anderson, Managing Director
     ·    Mr Richard John Dunkley, Finance Director
     ·    Richard John Dunkley, Finance Director
     ·    Mr Andrew Simon David Fisher, Accountant


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    MrDavid JosephMartin


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Buying and selling of own real estate
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Normal   Company acting as agents

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68100

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: September 30, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: September 30

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  September 30, 2015
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Full Accounts
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  May 10, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  October 10, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  140,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           30/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                              193,000   355,000   403,000
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                           193,000   355,000   403,000
Stocks                                     5,079,000 5,812,000 6,597,000
Debtors                                            -         -    28,000
Cash                                               -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets               9,697,000 9,943,000 7,746,000
Other Current Assets                       9,697,000 9,943,000 7,746,000
Total Current Assets                       14,776,00 15,755,00 14,371,00
                                                   0         0         0
Fixed Assets                                 163,000   325,000   373,000
Intermediate Assets                           30,000    30,000    30,000
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                    8,971,000 9,786,000 7,523,000
TOTAL ASSETS                               14,969,00 16,110,00 14,774,00
                                                   0         0         0



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           30/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                    497,000   376,000   582,000
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities          26,382,00 39,074,00 33,353,00
                                                   0         0         0
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                   25,896,00 38,869,00 33,218,00
                                                   0         0         0
Due To Group, Current                      25,896,00 38,869,00 33,218,00
                                                   0         0         0
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                    486,000   205,000   135,000
Short Term Loans                           25,896,00 38,869,00 33,218,00
                                                   0         0         0
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -     8,000     7,000
Total Current Liabilities                  26,879,00 39,450,00 33,935,00
                                                   0         0         0
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -     8,000     7,000
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          26,879,00 39,458,00 33,942,00
                                                   0         0         0
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve              -11910000 -23348000 -19168000
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                          -11910000 -23348000 -19168000
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -   6581000  21935000
NET ASSETS                                 -11910000 -23340000 -19161000


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   30/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales        3,950,000 2,179,000   613,000
Cost of Sales      2,720,000 3,379,000 2,865,000
Gross Profit       1,230,000  -1200000  -2252000
Operating Profit    -3081000  -5703000  -6374000
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income  15,424,00 1,702,000   547,000
                           0
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit      10,375,00  -5816000  -7360000
                           0
Taxation            -1063000  -1636000  -1859000
Profit After Tax   11,438,00  -4180000  -5501000
                           0
Dividends Payable          0         0         0
Retained Profits   11,438,00  -4180000  -5501000
                           0
Value Added         -1575000  -4197000  -4817000
Capital Employed   -11910000 -23340000 -19161000
Net Worth          -11910000 -23348000 -19168000
Working Capital    -12103000 -23695000 -19564000
Emp. Renumeration  1,458,000 1,458,000 1,517,000
Dir. Renumeration    940,000   939,000   815,000
Audit Fees            13,000    13,000    12,000
Non-audit Fees         1,000     1,000         -
Depreciation          48,000    48,000    40,000
Number of                 26        29        31
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales               81.28 544.37 129.38
Pretax             -278.3 -240.9   -311
                        9      6
Total Assets        -7.08   1.32   2.71
Current Assets      -6.21   2.82   3.59
Current            -31.87 -20.79  -4.82
Liabilities
Capital Employed   -48.97 -37.84 -12.86
Employee Wages          0  -3.89   6.19
Number of          -10.34 -16.13  -7.14
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 23,139 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
70120 Buying and selling of own real estate



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                   Lower Media    Upper
                                                             n
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   0  3.85    14.81
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                    -.37  1.09     6.67
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              0 35.02     76.3
Sales / Total Assets (%)                            1.37  6.27    18.13
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x    16.29     0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                 .11   .97     2.68
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -     -        -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)      -     -        -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  12,25 85,00 192,333.
                                                       0     0        3
Wages / Turnover (%)                                   -     -        -



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  7
=        2
Year -1  5
=        9
Year -2  6
=
Year -3  2
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                0/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)              -87.11     24.92     38.41
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                         69.31     -36.1    -49.82
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)            -87.11     24.91      38.4
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                         262.66   -266.91  -1200.65
Sales / Total Assets (%)                           26.39     13.53      4.15
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                           24.23       6.7      1.64
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                      -306.41  -1087.43  -3191.52
Sales / Stocks                                      0.78      0.37      0.09
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -     16.67
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                0.55       0.4      0.42
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.36      0.25      0.23
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                       -217.43   -166.48    -173.3
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   -0.8     -1.45      -1.3
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                 15.94    -45.36    -26.31
Current Liabilities / Stocks                        5.29      6.79      5.14
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees     56,076.9 50,275.86 48,935.48
(GBP)                                                  2
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                  36.91     66.91    247.47
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)       399,038.   -200551   -237419
                                                       5
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)               151,923. 75,137.93 19,774.19
                                                       1
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees           -458076   -804827   -618096
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        6,269.23  11,206.9 12,032.26
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        575,730. 555,517.2 476,580.7
                                                       8
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                  -658.73    138.58    152.79
Value Added / Sales (%)                           -39.87   -192.61   -785.81
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)         -60576.9   -144724   -155387
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                -1.08     -2.88     -3.18
Sales / Audit Fees                                303.85    167.62     51.08
Total Assets / Audit Fees                       1,151.46  1,239.23  1,231.17
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -     20.79
Total Debt / Working Capital                       -2.14     -1.64      -1.7
Total Debt / Total Assets                           1.73      2.41      2.25

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP -11910000

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Ernst & Young LLP

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2017


                             408 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               February 15, 2017

                               FOX OUSDEN LIMITED

                                  CHURCH FARM
                                ACCOUNTANTS LTD
                        CHURCH FARM CHURCH ROAD, BARROW
                            BURY ST EDMUNDS IP29 5AX


TRADE ADDRESS: Church Farm Accountants Ltd Church Farm Church Road, Barrow, BURY
ST EDMUNDS IP29 5AX

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 06750961

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: November 17, 2008
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Michael Hugh Claydon, Company Director
     ·    Miss Lydia Rose Claydon, Company Director
     ·    Miss Ruby Louella Claydon, Company Director


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    Church Farm Accountants Ltd


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Public houses and bars
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
56302

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  December 21, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  November 17, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  10,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                              297,237   297,669   298,370
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                           297,237   297,669   298,370
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                          13,669    14,396     9,245
Miscellaneous Current Assets                      92        32       166
Other Current Assets                          13,761    14,428     9,411
Total Current Assets                          13,761    14,428     9,411
Fixed Assets                                 297,237   297,669   298,370
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 310,998   312,097   307,781



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            333,569   334,634   333,387
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                    333,569   334,634   333,387
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                    333,569   334,634   333,387
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                            333,569   334,634   333,387
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 3         3         3
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                 -22574    -22540    -25609
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                             -22571    -22537    -25606
Called Up Share Capital                            3         3         3
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                    -22571    -22537    -25606


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed      -22571    -22537    -25606
Net Worth             -22571    -22537    -25606
Working Capital      -319808   -320206   -323976
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets        -0.35   1.05   3.23
Current Assets      -4.62  46.22 1,637.
                                      5
Current             -0.32   0.05   0.68
Liabilities
Capital Employed     0.15 -11.85 -24.88
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 1,488 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
51530 Wholesale of wood, construction materials and
sanitary equipment



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   6.51    13.93    29.39
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       3.37     7.02    13.87
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              1.92     3.75      6.5
Sales / Total Assets (%)                             153.31   206.24   278.37
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       68.56    54.78    38.87
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                      1     1.34     2.11
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            32,617.1 39,479.0 59,196.1
                                                          4        1        5
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  22,724.1 26,324.3 31,888.8
                                                          4        2        9
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  158,256. 218,761. 386,376.
                                                          4        9        8
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  15.09    11.99     7.28



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  3
=        6
Year -1  2
=        4
Year -2  1
=        6
Year -3  1
=        7

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                0.04      0.04      0.03
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.04      0.04      0.03
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                  -0.07     -0.07     -0.08
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP -22571

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2017


                             409 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 7, 2017

                          CHURCH FARM INVESTMENTS LTD

                                STRATHAVON FARM
                                     HOUSE
                                 GREAT DURNFORD
                               SALISBURY SP4 6AY


TRADE ADDRESS: Strathavon Farm House Great Durnford, SALISBURY SP4 6AY

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 07839198

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: November 8, 2011
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name          Turnove
No.                                         r
08218761        GREAT DURNFORD              0
                LIMITED
-               -                           -
-               -                           -
-               -                           -
-               -                           -
-               -                           -
-               -                           -
-               -                           -
-               -                           -
-               -                           -

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Nicholas Charles Deverell Pownall, Director
     ·    Ms Irina Davenport, Director


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    MrNicholasPownall


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Renting and operating of own or leased real estate
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68200

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  September 17, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  November 8, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  48,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            2,200,004 2,200,004 2,625,554
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                         2,200,004 2,200,004 2,625,554
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                         206,739   155,331   104,111
Miscellaneous Current Assets                   2,544     1,177     1,169
Other Current Assets                         209,283   156,508   105,280
Total Current Assets                         209,283   156,508   105,280
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                        2,200,004 2,200,004 2,625,554
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               2,409,287 2,356,512 2,730,834



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities          2,644,074 2,643,880    20,170
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                  2,644,074 2,643,880    20,170
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         - 2,624,347
Total Current Liabilities                  2,644,074 2,643,880    20,170
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         - 2,624,347
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          2,644,074 2,643,880 2,644,517
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry               100       100       100
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                190,663   138,082    86,217
Revaluation Reserve                          -425550   -425550         -
Shareholder Funds                            -234787   -287368    86,317
Called Up Share Capital                          100       100       100
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 0         0         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                   -234787   -287368 2,710,664


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed     -234787   -287368 2,710,664
Net Worth            -234787   -287368    86,317
Working Capital     -2434791  -2487372    85,110
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2  3 Years  5 Years
                    Years
                      GBP      GBP      GBP
Sales                   -        -        -
Pretax                  -        -        -
Total Assets         2.24   -11.77     -9.9
Current Assets      33.72    98.79   331.74
Current              0.01 13,008.9 15,079.2
Liabilities                      4        5
Capital Employed    -18.3  -108.66  -108.84
Employee Wages          -        -        -
Number of               -        -        -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 59,273 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
70200 Letting of own property



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     3.03    11.52
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0     2.14     6.41
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0    21.62    61.19
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               4.38     7.69    30.85
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       12.15        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .08       .6     2.26
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            27,864.5 79,369.5 161,438.
                                                          1        9        4
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,800 23,120.3 39,861.1
                                                                   7        1
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    70,000 168,352.  404,200
                                                                   9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  29.98     15.9     8.02



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  5
=        5
Year -1  5
=        5
Year -2  7
=        0
Year -3  -
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                0.08      0.06      5.22
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.08      0.06      5.22
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   -0.1     -0.12      0.03
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP -234787

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2017


                             410 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

             Copyright 2017 Thomson Financial, All Rights Reserved
                            Reuters Knowledge Direct

                                 March 27, 2017

                            Agfirst Farm Credit Bank

                                  1901 Main St
                            COLUMBIA,  SC 29201-2443
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: Main Phone: 1-800-8747737
URL: Home Page: http://www.agfirst.com/
E-MAIL: smmu@agfirst.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: 1916
LEGAL STATUS: Private
OPERATING STATUS: Active

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   AgFirst Farm Credit Bank (the Bank or AgFirst), incorporated in 1916, is a
member-owned cooperative that provides credit and credit-related services to
qualified borrowers. The Bank is chartered to serve the states of Pennsylvania,
Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, West Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and
portions of Ohio, Tennessee, Kentucky and Louisiana. AgFirst is a member of the
Farm Credit System, which is an agricultural lending organization in the United
States. AgFirst is a lending institution in the Farm Credit System (the System),
which is an across the nation network of cooperatively owned banks, associations
and related service organizations. The System specializes in providing financing
and related services to qualified borrowers for agricultural and rural purposes.
The Bank provides funding and services to about 19 affiliated Agricultural
Credit Associations in 15 eastern states and Puerto Rico. It provides financing
to farmers, ranchers, rural homeowners and agribusinesses. AgFirst has a Capital
Markets Unit that purchases and sells loan participations and syndications.

   Lending Activities

   AgFirst's loan portfolio consists primarily of direct loans to District
Associations (Direct Notes), loan participations/syndications purchased,
Correspondent Lending loans (primarily first lien rural residential mortgages),
and loans to other financing institutions (OFIs). The Bank's loan portfolio,
which includes purchased interests in loans, has been segmented by the various
loan types, such as Direct Notes, production and intermediate-term loans, loans
to cooperatives, processing and marketing loans, farm-related business loans,
rural residential real estate loans, communication loans, energy loans, water
and waste disposal loans, international loans, lease receivables, loans to OFIs
and other (including Mission Related). Real estate mortgage loans are offered to
purchase farm real estate, refinance existing mortgages, construct various
facilities used in agricultural operations, or purchase other rural
residential/lifestyle real estate for both full-time and part-time farmers.

   Production and intermediate-term loans are offered for operating funds,
equipment and other purposes. Loans to cooperatives are provided for any
cooperative purpose other than for communication, energy, and water and waste
disposal. Processing and marketing loans are for operations to process or market
the products produced by a farmer, rancher, or producer or harvester of aquatic
products, or by a cooperative. Communication loans are offered primarily to
finance rural communication companies. Energy loans are offered primarily to
finance electric generation, transmission and distribution systems serving rural
areas. Water and waste disposal loans are offered primarily to finance water and
waste disposal systems serving rural areas. International loans are provided for
loans or credit enhancements to other banks to support the export of United
States agricultural commodities or supplies. Long-term real estate mortgage
loans have original maturities up to 30 years. All short- and intermediate-term
loans for agricultural production or operating purposes have maturities of 10
years or less.

   Investment Activities

   AgFirst's investments consist primarily of mortgage-backed securities (MBSs)
collateralized by the United States Government or the United States agency
guaranteed residential and commercial mortgages. Its held-to-maturity
investments consist of Mission Related Investments, acquired primarily under the
Rural Housing Mortgage-Backed Securities (RHMS) and Rural America Bond (RAB)
pilot programs. The available-for-sale investments are non-agency collateralized
mortgage obligations (CMOs) and asset backed securities (ABSs). As of December
31, 2014, its total investments amounted to $7.6 billion.

   Sources of Funds

   AgFirst, unlike commercial banks and other depository institutions, obtains
funds for its lending operations primarily from the sale of Systemwide Debt
Securities issued jointly by the System banks through the Funding Corporation.
It issues Systemwide Debt Securities, including Federal Farm Credit Banks
Consolidated Systemwide Bonds, Federal Farm Credit Banks Consolidated Systemwide
Discount Notes, Federal Farm Credit Banks Consolidated Systemwide Master Notes,
Federal Farm Credit Banks Global Debt Securities and Federal Farm Credit Banks
Consolidated Systemwide Medium-Term Notes.

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRIMARY NAICS:
522292 - Real Estate Credit
SECONDARY NAICS:
52231 - Mortgage and Other Loan Brokers
52311 - Investment Banking and Securities Dealing
PRIMARY SIC:
6162 - Mortgage Bankers/correspondents
SECONDARY SIC:
6163 - Loan Brokers
6211 - Security Brokers And Dealers

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2015

MOST RECENT EXCHANGE RATE:  1.0
CHART OF ACCOUNTS:  Bank
ACCOUNTING STANDARD:  U.S. GAAP
LATEST AVAILABLE ANNUAL:  20170327

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Cash & Due from Banks                  672,622         847,350       1,183,755
Other Short Term Investments            69,836          69,949          69,482
Securities Held                        562,698         659,520         589,812
Securities for Sale                  6,949,112       6,754,419       6,562,976
Total Investment Securities          7,511,810       7,413,939       7,152,788
Other Earning Assets, Total          7,581,646       7,483,888       7,222,270
Total Gross Loans                   22,140,758      20,893,619      20,200,449
Loan Loss Allowances                  (15,113)        (15,535)        (22,908)
Net Loans                           22,125,645      20,878,084      20,177,541
Property/Plant/Equipment,               62,051          66,568          52,599
Total - Net
Interest Receivable                    134,813         162,809         119,789
Other Real Estate Owned                 13,411           2,808           9,621
Other Assets                            30,412          41,438          55,165
Other Assets, Total                    178,636         207,055         184,575
Total Assets                        30,620,600      29,482,945      28,820,740



LIABILITIES ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Accounts Payable                        56,340          47,375          54,059
Payable/Accrued                        281,870         345,342         368,670
Other Short Term Borrowings          5,633,413       4,032,590       1,909,103
Total Short Term Borrowings          5,633,413       4,032,590       1,909,103
Long Term Debt                      22,339,694      22,794,379      24,292,174
Total Long Term Debt                22,339,694      22,794,379      24,292,174
Total Debt                          27,973,107      26,826,969      26,201,277
Other Liabilities                       54,262          55,852          49,987
Other Liabilities, Total                54,262          55,852          49,987
Total Liabilities                   28,365,579      27,275,538      26,673,993



EQUITY ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Convertible Preferred Stock -          115,000         125,250         125,250
Non Rdmbl
Preferred Stock - Non                  115,000         125,250         125,250
Redeemable, Net
Common Stock                           307,483         303,180         308,972
Common Stock, Total                    307,483         303,180         308,972
Additional Paid-In Capital              39,988          36,580          36,580
Retained Earnings (Accumulated       1,732,628       1,640,449       1,578,402
Deficit)
Other Comprehensive Income              59,922         101,948          97,543
Other Equity, Total                     59,922         101,948          97,543
Total Equity                         2,255,021       2,207,407       2,146,747
Total Liabilities &                 30,620,600      29,482,945      28,820,740
Shareholders' Equity



FOOTNOTE
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Other Property/Plant/Equipment          62,051          66,568          52,599
- Net



RATIOS
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Tangible Book Value, Common          2,140,021       2,082,157       2,021,497
Equity('000 USD)
Tangible Book Value per Share,           2,140           2,082           2,021
Common Eq (USD)

* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Interest & Fees on Loans               588,823         566,546         589,573
Interest & Dividends on                114,318         127,276         145,658
Investment Secs.
Interest Income, Bank                  703,141         693,822         735,231
Interest on Other Borrowings           249,080         209,630         197,173
Total Interest Expense                 249,080         209,630         197,173
Net Interest Income                    454,061         484,192         538,058
Loan Loss Provision                    (3,157)         (8,451)        (10,589)
Net Interest Inc. After Loan           457,218         492,643         548,647
Loss Prov.
Fees & Commissions from                  7,820           8,524          10,070
Operations
Investment Securities Gains           (11,318)         (7,687)           3,100
Other Revenue                            9,705           9,242          12,540
Non-Interest Income, Bank                6,207          10,005          23,058
Labor & Related Expenses              (56,616)        (54,947)        (50,857)
Real Estate Operation Expense            (335)             408             294
Other Expense                         (69,666)        (67,760)        (63,806)
Non-Interest Expense, Bank           (126,617)       (122,299)       (114,369)
Net Income Before Taxes                336,808         380,349         457,336
Net Income After Taxes                 336,808         380,349         457,336
Net Income Before Extra. Items         336,808         380,349         457,336
Income Available to Com Excl           336,808         380,349         457,336
ExtraOrd



EXTRAORDINARY ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Net Income                             336,808         380,349         457,336
Income Available to Com Incl           336,808         380,349         457,336
ExtraOrd



NORMALIZED ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Normalized Income Before Taxes         336,808         380,423         459,988
Normalized Income After Taxes          336,808         380,423         459,988
Normalized Inc. Avail to Com.          336,808         380,423         459,988



RATIOS
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Pretax Margin                               48              55              62
Net Profit Margin                           48              55              62



SUPPLEMENTAL ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Diluted Net Income                         337             380             457



FOOTNOTE
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Depreciation, Supplemental               8,278           7,791           6,858

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Net Income/Starting Line               336,808         380,349         457,336
Depreciation                             8,278           7,791           6,858
Depreciation/Depletion                   8,278           7,791           6,858
Unusual Items                            1,976             513           2,100
Other Non-Cash Items                    16,759          15,647          19,445
Non-Cash Items                          18,735          16,160          21,545
Loan Loss Provision                    (3,157)         (8,451)        (10,589)
Other Assets                            27,929        (37,113)          26,636
Other Liabilities                       19,055           2,700           2,682
Investment Securities,                 (1,012)            (37)         (8,460)
Gains/Losses
Sale of Loans                           10,096           9,507          23,590
Changes in Working Capital              52,911        (33,394)          33,859
Cash from Operating Activities         416,732         370,906         519,598
Purchase of Fixed Assets               (3,761)        (21,684)        (17,814)
Capital Expenditures                   (3,761)        (21,684)        (17,814)
Sale of Fixed Assets                     3,121           9,420          25,857
Sale/Maturity of Investment          1,809,144       1,457,090       2,091,160
Investment, Net                            113           (384)           (638)
Purchase of Investments            (1,958,045)     (1,722,885)     (1,842,621)
Loans                              (1,268,582)       (703,691)        (43,195)
Other Investing Cash Flow          (1,414,249)       (960,450)         230,563
Items, Total
Cash from Investing Activities     (1,418,010)       (982,134)         212,749
Other Financing Cash Flow                2,496         (7,145)        (24,734)
Financing Cash Flow Items                2,496         (7,145)        (24,734)
Cash Dividends Paid - Common         (315,260)       (343,629)       (186,203)
Cash Dividends Paid -                  (1,743)         (1,729)         (6,347)
Preferred
Total Cash Dividends Paid            (317,003)       (345,358)       (192,550)
Short Term Debt Issued              26,505,552      22,223,647      21,360,584
Short Term Debt Reduction         (25,357,653)    (21,596,321)    (21,415,057)
Short Term Debt, Net                 1,147,899         627,326        (54,473)
Issuance (Retirement) of Debt,       1,141,057         627,326        (54,473)
Net
Cash from Financing Activities         826,550         274,823       (421,757)
Net Change in Cash                   (174,728)       (336,405)         310,590
Net Cash - Beginning Balance           847,350       1,183,755         873,165
Net Cash - Ending Balance              672,622         847,350       1,183,755

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EXCHANGE: Not Available
TOTAL SHARES OUTSTANDING: 0
LISTING TYPE:  Ordinary Shares

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2017


                             411 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 10, 2017

                          BWLCH FARM (DEGANWY) LIMITED

                                   BWLCH FARM
                            BWLCH FARM ROAD,DEGANWY
                                     CONWY
                                 CONWY LL31 9YS


TRADE ADDRESS: Bwlch Farm Bwlch Farm Road,deganwy, CONWY LL31 9YS

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 00881692

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: June 17, 1966
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr John Phillip Hodson Simcox, Retired
     ·    Simon Geoffrey Leonard Simcox, Surveyor


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Other amusement and recreation activities n.e.c.
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
93290

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  April 22, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  March 5, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  22,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                               68,111    68,400    68,780
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                            68,111    68,400    68,780
Stocks                                         2,372     2,372     2,372
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                           7,717     9,666     1,556
Miscellaneous Current Assets                  52,856    52,991    50,153
Other Current Assets                          60,573    62,657    51,709
Total Current Assets                          62,945    65,029    54,081
Fixed Assets                                  68,111    68,400    68,780
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 131,056   133,429   122,861



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities             12,456    19,821    14,028
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                     12,456    19,821    14,028
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                     12,456    19,821    14,028
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                             12,456    19,821    14,028
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry             2,500     2,500     2,500
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                116,100   111,108   106,333
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                            118,600   113,608   108,833
Called Up Share Capital                        2,500     2,500     2,500
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                   118,600   113,608   108,833


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed     118,600   113,608   108,833
Net Worth            118,600   113,608   108,833
Working Capital       50,489    45,208    40,053
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets        -1.78   6.67   7.34
Current Assets       -3.2  16.39  18.13
Current            -37.16 -11.21 -32.75
Liabilities
Capital Employed     4.39   8.97  14.51
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 7,319 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
92349 Other entertainment activities not elsewhere
classified



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -2.41     2.02    24.67
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -3.34      .78    16.58
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -6.52     2.69     16.8
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              20.95    89.97   242.36
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        3.86        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .23      .86     1.71
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            15,983.6 23,524.7 32,756.8
                                                          4        6        1
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  6,619.05 9,944.44 17,839.7
                                                                            9
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  15,232.3 24,333.3   55,000
                                                          2        3
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  56.52    37.24    22.73



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  9
=        8
Year -1  9
=        7
Year -2  9
=        6
Year -3  8
=        7

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                5.05      3.28      3.86
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  4.86      3.16      3.69
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                    0.9      0.85      0.89
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                        5.25      8.36      5.91
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 118,600

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: A. Hughes-Jones, Dyson & Co

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2017


                             412 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               February 12, 2017

                         CALDECOTE MANOR FARMS LIMITED

                              CALDECOTE MANOR FARM
                                   ABBOTSLEY
                                    ST NEOTS
                              HUNTINGDON PE19 6XQ


TRADE ADDRESS: Caldecote Manor Farm Abbotsley St Neots, HUNTINGDON PE19 6XQ

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 06470884

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: January 11, 2008
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  ABBOTSLEY FARMS LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  ABBOTSLEY FARMS LIMITED



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name       Turnove
No.                                      r
03566894        P.D. TOPHAM              0
                LIMITED
-               -                        -
-               -                        -
-               -                        -
-               -                        -
-               -                        -
-               -                        -
-               -                        -
-               -                        -
-               -                        -

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Janice Mary Topham, Company Director


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    JaniceTopham


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Activities of head offices
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
70100 - Real estate activities with own property

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: September 30, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: September 30

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  September 30, 2015
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  June 28, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  January 11, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  14,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           30/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                               33,202    33,202    33,202
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                            33,202    33,202    33,202
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                      90        90        90
Other Current Assets                              90        90        90
Total Current Assets                              90        90        90
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                           33,202    33,202    33,202
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                  33,292    33,292    33,292



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           30/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities             33,192    33,192    33,192
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                     33,192    33,192    33,192
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                     33,192    33,192    33,192
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                             33,192    33,192    33,192
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry               100       100       100
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                100       100       100
Called Up Share Capital                          100       100       100
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                       100       100       100


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   30/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed         100       100       100
Net Worth                100       100       100
Working Capital       -33102    -33102    -33102
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0      0      0
Current Assets          0      0      0
Current                 0      0      0
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      0      0
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 23,192 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
74150 Management activities of holding companies



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -.77      .45    13.19
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -1.52      .06     7.11
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0     30.7    97.42
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                  0        0    11.35
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        1.33        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .03      .91     2.85
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            -1472.02 46,236.1 131,243.
                                                                   2        1
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  24,994.8 49,686.0 100,861.
                                                          2        4        7
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                         0 46,760.6 190,979.
                                                                   4        1
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  73.71    36.25    18.87



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  8
=        5
Year -1  6
=        5
Year -2  2
=        7
Year -3  6
=        1

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                0/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   0         0         0
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     0         0         0
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      0         0         0
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 100

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2017


                             413 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                              Colonial Farm Credit

                          7104 Mechanicsville Turnpike
                           Mechanicsville,  VA 23111
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (804) 746-4581
FAX: (804) 746-9627
URL: www.colonialfarmcredit.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 175

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Colonial Farm Credit is part of the nationwide Farm Credit System, a
financial cooperative owned by its member-borrowers since 1916. Our primary
function is to provide loans, including:   Farm and country home loans Loans for
land purchase, home construction, and improvements Loans for buildings,
machinery, livestock and equipment Production loans for both full-time and
part-time farmers Loans for ag-related businesses Wood industry loans for
operating capital, timberland acquisition, standing timber   Our cooperative
structure means that a portion of the profits generated from our lending
activity is returned to our borrowers in the form of patronage refunds. These
patronage refunds are based on the proportion of interest earned on an
individual loan. This significantly reduces the cost of borrowing for our
customers.  The team at Farm Credit are financial professionals with the
experience and knowledge to provide the help you need when you need it. And we
know agriculture and country living. We're locally operated by people you know
and trust.  Our combination of competitive rates, personal service and extensive
local knowledge is unmatched in the financial world. Just contact us and see
what we can do for you.  We serve 50 counties in Virginia and Maryland, with
offices conveniently located near you.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 17,500,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             414 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               February 21, 2017

                              AW RAIL SERVICES LTD

                                       1A
                                 PARK FARM ROAD
                          PARK FARM INDUSTRIAL ESTATE
                              FOLKESTONE CT19 5EY


TRADE ADDRESS: 1a Park Farm Road Park Farm Industrial Estate, FOLKESTONE CT19
5EY

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 08316088

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: December 3, 2012
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Ahmet Ongul, Director


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Dormant
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  February 17, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  December 3, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  1,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                              30        30        10
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         0         0
Other Current Assets                              30        30        10
Total Current Assets                              30        30        10
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                      30        30        10



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                30        30        10
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                 30        30        10
Called Up Share Capital                           30        30        10
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed          30        30        10
Net Worth                 30        30        10
Working Capital           30        30        10
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0    200    200
Current Assets          0    200    200
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0    200    200
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  3
=        2
Year -1  3
=        4
Year -2  4
=        9
Year -3  8
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      1         1         1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2017


                             415 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                February 1, 2017

                             UNIT 1 ENTERPRISES LTD

                                   RUSH FARM
                                   STOCKWOOD
                                    REDDITCH
                                REDDITCH B96 6SX


TRADE ADDRESS: Rush Farm Stockwood, REDDITCH B96 6SX

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 07832353

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: November 2, 2011
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  RUSH FARM LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  RUSH FARM LIMITED

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Sebastian David Adrian John Parsons, Manager
     ·    Ms Sophie Elizabeth Dorothy Roseanna Parsons-patrick, Manager
     ·    Ms Tabitha Helena Anne Marie Parsons, Manager


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Financial management
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Company whose shares are traded on the Alternative Investments
Market

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
70221

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: November 30, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: November 30

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  November 30, 2015
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Dormant
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  August 24, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  November 2, 2015
CREDIT LIMIT:  17,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           30/11/201 30/11/201 30/11/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    1         1         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 1         1         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       -         -         1
Other Current Assets                               -         -         1
Total Current Assets                               -         -         1
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                1         1         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                       1         1         1



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           30/11/201 30/11/201 30/11/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 1         1         1
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                  1         1         1
Called Up Share Capital                            1         1         1
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   30/11/201 30/11/201 30/11/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed           1         1         1
Net Worth                  1         1         1
Working Capital            -         -         1
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0      0      0
Current Assets          -      -      -
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      0      0
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 6,456 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
74142 Financial management



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0    22.24    83.47
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0     9.36     50.4
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              1.64       20    64.06
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               43.6   115.45   220.44
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       49.43        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                      1     1.53      3.2
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)              41,424 62,897.4  132,868
                                                                   7
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  24,397.7 36,266.6 77,366.0
                                                          3        7        7
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  59,647.0  113,000 219,166.
                                                          6                 6
Wages / Turnover (%)                                   50.2    30.63    17.51



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  7
=        6
Year -1  7
=        6
Year -2  6
=        4
Year -3  2
=        0

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                0/11/201 30/11/201 30/11/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      1         1         1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2017


                             416 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 8, 2017

                             D.A.READ(FARMS)LIMITED

                                   BARR FARM
                                  LINCOLN ROAD
                                   EDLINGTON
                               HORNCASTLE LN9 5NA


TRADE ADDRESS: Barr Farm Lincoln Road, HORNCASTLE LN9 5NA

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01507578298

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 01059455

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: June 26, 1972
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  A.A. READ (FARMS) LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  A.A. READ (FARMS) LIMITED

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Antony Arthur Read, Director
     ·    Charlotte Jane Louise Read, Farmer


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Mixed farming
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
01500 - Hunting, trapping and game propagation including related service
activities

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  October 11, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  February 28, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  30,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                              419,958   419,958   419,958
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                           419,958   419,958   419,958
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                 233,299   233,299   233,299
Other Current Assets                         233,299   233,299   233,299
Total Current Assets                         233,299   233,299   233,299
Fixed Assets                                 419,958   419,958   419,958
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 653,257   653,257   653,257



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities              4,321     4,321     4,321
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                      4,321     4,321     4,321
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                  250,300   250,300   250,300
Total Current Liabilities                      4,321     4,321     4,321
Total Long Term Liabilities                  250,300   250,300   250,300
TOTAL LIABILITIES                            254,621   254,621   254,621
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry             7,000     7,000     7,000
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                391,636   391,636   391,636
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                            398,636   398,636   398,636
Called Up Share Capital                        7,000     7,000     7,000
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                   648,936   648,936   648,936


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed     648,936   648,936   648,936
Net Worth            398,636   398,636   398,636
Working Capital      228,978   228,978   228,978
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0      0      0
Current Assets          0      0      0
Current                 0      0      0
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      0      0
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 3,013 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
01300 Growing of crops combined with farming of
animals (mixed farming)



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -.98     3.01    12.04
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -.94     2.22     8.47
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -2.08     7.69    21.35
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               8.93    31.41    73.33
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        28.3        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                     .5     1.12     2.98
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -        -        -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  16,517.8 22,101.1 26,218.1
                                                          6        9        4
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  36,428.5 86,421.8 193,261.
                                                          7        8        9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  34.43    19.81    13.56



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  9
=        8
Year -1  9
=        8
Year -2  9
=        9
Year -3  9
=        9

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities               53.99     53.99     53.99
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                 53.99     53.99     53.99
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.61      0.61      0.61
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 648,936

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2017


                             417 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 29, 2017

                     DODDS FARM MANAGEMENT COMPANY LIMITED

                                  4 DODDS FARM
                                PRINCE'S MEADOW
                                    GOSFORTH
                          NEWCASTLE-UPON-TYNE NE3 4SF


TRADE ADDRESS: 4 Dodds Farm Prince's Meadow, NEWCASTLE-UPON-TYNE NE3 4SF

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 04186229

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: March 23, 2001
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Martin Philip Anderson, Project Manager
     ·    John Parkin, Accountant


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    MarkLawson, Electrical Engineer


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Other business support service activities n.e.c.
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited company without share capital::Private Limited
company without share capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
82990

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Dormant
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  April 2, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  March 23, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  15,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       -         -         -
Other Current Assets                               -         -         -
Total Current Assets                               -         -         -
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                       0         0         0



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed           0         0         0
Net Worth                  0         0         0
Working Capital            -         -         -
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0      0      0
Current Assets          -      -      -
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      0      0
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 178,145 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
74849 Other business activities not elsewhere classified



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     9.23    54.84
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0      1.9    32.63
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0      .98    27.13
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              50.95   143.84   367.16
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       26.26        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .79     1.13     2.24
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            28,637.6 53,888.3 72,276.9
                                                          7        2
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  16,835.7 26,753.2 39,868.1
                                                          2        1        3
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  31,518.2 84,193.5 186,740.
                                                          9        5        9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  47.63    27.94    18.75



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  5
=        6
Year -1  5
=        6
Year -2  9
=        2
Year -3  9
=        2

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      -         -         -
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 0         0         0
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               0         0         0
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              0         0         0
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2017


                             418 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 22, 2017

                                 INCLUSIGN LTD.

                             SPREACOMBE LODGE FARM
                             SPREACOMBE LODGE FARM
                                   SPREACOMBE
                              WOOLACOMBE EX34 7HN


TRADE ADDRESS: Spreacombe Lodge Farm Spreacombe Lodge Farm, WOOLACOMBE EX34 7HN

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 08500307

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: April 23, 2013
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 1

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Dr Christopher Wilkinson, Consultant


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Research and experimental development on social sciences
and humanities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
72200 - Software consultancy and supply

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: January 31, 2017
FISCAL YEAR END: January 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  January 31, 2017
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Dormant
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  March 1, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  April 23, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  17,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/01/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                                                   7         6         5
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    1         1         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 1         1         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         -         1
Other Current Assets                               0         -         1
Total Current Assets                               0         -         1
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                1         1         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                       1         1         1



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/01/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                                                   7         6         5
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  0         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          0         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          0         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  0         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 1         1         1
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                  1         1         1
Called Up Share Capital                            1         1         1
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         1         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/01/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                           7         6         5
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed           1         1         1
Net Worth                  1         1         1
Working Capital            0         -         1
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  1         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0      0      0
Current Assets          -   -100   -100
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      0      0
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
-
(year ending
2017)
SIC Code:
73200 Research
and experimental
development on
social sciences
and humanities



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  7
=        1
Year -1  7
=        1
Year -2  8
=
Year -3  8
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/01/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                                                       7         6         5
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            0         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   0         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     0         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      1         1         1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           0         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 1         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               1         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 1

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2017


                             419 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               February 12, 2017

                               WHITEMOOR FARM LTD

                                 WHITEMOOR FARM
                                 BISHOPS TAWTON
                                   BARNSTAPLE
                              BARNSTAPLE EX32 0HY


TRADE ADDRESS: Whitemoor Farm Bishops Tawton, BARNSTAPLE EX32 0HY

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 06997513

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: August 21, 2009
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr James Wright Conchie, Recruitment Consultancy
     ·    Mrs Suzanne Jane Conchie, Housewife


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Other letting and operating of own or leased real estate
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68209

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: August 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: August 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  August 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Dormant
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  January 26, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  August 21, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  14,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/08/201 31/08/201 31/08/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                     100       100       100
Other Current Assets                             100       100       100
Total Current Assets                             100       100       100
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                     100       100       100



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/08/201 31/08/201 31/08/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry               100       100       100
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                100       100       100
Called Up Share Capital                          100       100       100
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/08/201 31/08/201 31/08/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed         100       100       100
Net Worth                100       100       100
Working Capital          100       100       100
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0      0      0
Current Assets          0      0      0
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      0      0
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 17,091 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
85320 Social work activities without accommodation



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -7.33     1.82    18.11
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -5.88     1.25    14.58
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -6.01     1.34    11.07
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               62.5   143.75   262.75
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        10.2        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                      1     1.63     4.76
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            16,349.0 23,238.6 31,623.2
                                                          6        4        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    13,600 19,249.2 25,290.1
                                                                   2
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  22,511.0   34,000   56,000
                                                          4
Wages / Turnover (%)                                     68    55.68    37.28



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  7
=        6
Year -1  7
=        2
Year -2  8
=        9
Year -3  8
=        9

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/08/201 31/08/201 31/08/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      1         1         1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2017


                             420 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 7, 2017

                           BOWRING TRANSPORT LIMITED

                              WINDMILL HOUSE FARM
                                  FOREST ROAD
                                     WARSOP
                               MANSFIELD NG20 0EP


TRADE ADDRESS: Windmill House Farm Forest Road, Warsop, MANSFIELD NG20 0EP

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01623847171
FAX: 01298872497
URL: www.bandbtractors.co.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 01212048

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: May 12, 1975
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 191

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name            Turnover
No.
02783211        MIDLAND LANDFILL        1,048,68
                LIMITED                        3
-               -                              -
-               -                              -
-               -                              -
-               -                              -
-               -                              -
-               -                              -
-               -                              -
-               -                              -
-               -                              -

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr David Harold Bowring, Haulage Contractor
     ·    Gillian Christine Bowring, Secretary
     ·    Miss Victoria Annie Bowring, Farm Worker
     ·    Mr James William Bowring, Farm Machinery Dealer Principal
     ·    Mrs Marie Bowring, Secretary


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Other business support service activities n.e.c.
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated HCO

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
82990
42110

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: May 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: May 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  May 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Group
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  February 17, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  April 23, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  607,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/05/201 31/05/201 31/05/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            6,533,147 5,645,680 4,948,407
Intangible Assets                            104,277   118,195   110,327
Total Fixed Assets                         6,637,424 5,763,875 5,058,734
Stocks                                     8,309,581 8,628,029 8,998,771
Debtors                                    4,884,816 5,237,786 6,600,879
Cash                                         954,069   619,016    52,633
Miscellaneous Current Assets                 423,602   543,066   442,031
Other Current Assets                       1,377,671 1,162,082   494,664
Total Current Assets                       14,572,06 15,027,89 16,094,31
                                                   8         7         4
Fixed Assets                               6,533,147 5,645,680 4,948,407
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               21,209,49 20,791,77 21,153,04
                                                   2         2         8



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/05/201 31/05/201 31/05/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                  6,238,828 6,701,172 8,367,763
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -   226,925
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities          2,535,187 2,956,141 3,437,709
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                     870,239   890,940   769,929
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                  1,664,948 2,065,201 2,667,780
Short Term Loans                             870,239   890,940   996,854
Long Term Loans                              729,437   814,461   721,401
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                      729,437   814,461   721,401
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                  344,857   332,750   281,981
Total Current Liabilities                  8,774,015 9,657,313 12,032,39
                                                                       7
Total Long Term Liabilities                1,074,294 1,147,211 1,003,382
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          9,848,309 10,804,52 13,035,77
                                                             4         9
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry             9,000     9,000     9,000
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve              11,352,18 9,978,248 8,108,269
                                                   3
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                          11,361,18 9,987,248 8,117,269
                                                   3
Called Up Share Capital                        9,000     9,000     9,000
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 12,435,47 11,134,45 9,120,651
                                                   7         9


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/05/201 31/05/201 31/05/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales        38,021,61 37,034,80 38,601,75
                           2         0         0
Cost of Sales      30,928,59 29,689,26 32,394,30
                           0         5         0
Gross Profit       7,093,022 7,345,535 6,207,450
Operating Profit   1,893,340 2,521,876 1,599,603
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income      1,760       630        47
Interest Payable     168,012   168,534   172,798
Pretax Profit      1,727,088 2,353,972 1,426,852
Taxation             353,150   483,993   332,265
Profit After Tax   1,373,938 1,869,979 1,094,587
Dividends Payable          0         0         0
Retained Profits   1,373,938 1,869,979 1,094,587
Value Added        8,701,112 8,961,486 7,680,586
Capital Employed   12,435,47 11,134,45 9,120,651
                           7         9
Net Worth          11,256,90 9,869,053 8,006,942
                           6
Working Capital    5,798,053 5,370,584 4,061,917
Emp. Renumeration  5,460,038 5,262,920 5,053,380
Dir. Renumeration    186,146    96,455    98,433
Audit Fees            20,350    18,350    20,350
Non-audit Fees        31,100    22,600    15,100
Depreciation       1,347,734 1,176,690 1,027,603
Number of                191       187       187
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                               31/05/201 31/05/201 31/05/201
                                                       6         5         4
                                                     GBP       GBP       GBP
Net Cashflow From Operating Activities         2,772,956 3,047,554 1,634,085
Net Cashflow From Return On Investment And       -166252   -168059   -172906
Servicing Of Finance
Net Cashflow Before Financing                  1,398,331 1,629,813   554,555
Net Cashflow From Financing                     -1063278   -836505   -625405
Increase In Cash                                 335,053   793,308    -70850

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                2.66   -1.5  10.09
Pretax             -26.63  21.04 732.82
Total Assets         2.01   0.27   4.07
Current Assets      -3.03  -9.46 -10.28
Current             -9.15 -27.08 -29.97
Liabilities
Capital Employed    11.68  36.34   58.4
Employee Wages       3.75   8.05  20.74
Number of            2.14   2.14  12.35
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 178,145 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
74849 Other business activities not elsewhere classified



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     9.23    54.84
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0      1.9    32.63
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0      .98    27.13
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              50.95   143.84   367.16
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       26.26        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .79     1.13     2.24
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            28,637.6 53,888.3 72,276.9
                                                          7        2
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  16,835.7 26,753.2 39,868.1
                                                          2        1        3
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  31,518.2 84,193.5 186,740.
                                                          9        5        9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  47.63    27.94    18.75



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  9
=        2
Year -1  8
=        9
Year -2  7
=        5
Year -3  7
=        7

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/05/201 31/05/201 31/05/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)               13.89     21.14     15.64
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                          8.14     11.32      6.75
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)              15.2     23.57     17.58
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                           4.54      6.36       3.7
Sales / Total Assets (%)                          179.27    178.12    182.49
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                            5.82      6.56       7.8
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                        15.25      14.5     10.52
Sales / Stocks                                      4.58      4.29      4.29
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )     46.89     51.62     62.41
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.66      1.56      1.34
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.71      0.66      0.59
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                         14.21     17.28     21.46
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.54      0.48      0.38
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                      6.48      8.25      9.01
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                  8.87      6.68      10.8
Current Liabilities / Stocks                        1.06      1.12      1.34
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees     28,586.5 28,143.96 27,023.42
(GBP)                                                  9
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                  14.36     14.21     13.09
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)       9,042.35 12,588.09  7,630.22
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                199,066 198,047.1 206,426.5
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees          65,107.2 59,542.56 48,773.53
                                                       1
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        34,204.9  30,190.8 26,462.07
                                                       6
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        111,044.   111,186 113,117.9
                                                       5
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                    19.85     26.27     18.58
Value Added / Sales (%)                            22.88      24.2      19.9
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)         45,555.5 47,922.39 41,072.65
                                                       6
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                 1.59       1.7      1.52
Sales / Audit Fees                              1,868.38  2,018.25  1,896.89
Total Assets / Audit Fees                       1,042.24  1,133.07  1,039.46
Creditors / Debtors                                 1.28      1.28      1.27
Total Debt / Working Capital                        0.28      0.32      0.42
Total Debt / Total Assets                           0.08      0.08      0.08

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 12,435,477

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Shorts

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2017


                             421 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 16, 2017

                             LAMPITS FARMS LIMITED

                           LAMPITS FARM HESTLEY GREEN
                                    THORNDON
                                      EYE
                                  EYE IP23 7LT


TRADE ADDRESS: Lampits Farm Hestley Green, Thorndon, EYE IP23 7LT

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01379678751

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 05393246

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: March 15, 2005
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Richard Charles Scott, Farm Management
     ·    Derek William Scott, Farm Management
     ·    Jane Helen Scott, Director


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Growing of cereals (except rice), leguminous crops and oil
seeds
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
01110 - Growing of cereals and other crops not elsewhere classified

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  December 23, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  March 15, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  63,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            2,926,570 2,924,687 2,920,816
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                         2,926,570 2,924,687 2,920,816
Stocks                                       305,006   263,319   265,755
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                 206,938   227,541   230,427
Other Current Assets                         206,938   227,541   230,427
Total Current Assets                         511,944   490,860   496,182
Fixed Assets                               2,926,570 2,924,687 2,920,816
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               3,438,514 3,415,547 3,416,998



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            402,622   469,959   415,074
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                    402,622   469,959   415,074
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                              273,169         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                          273,169         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                  342,933   561,944   617,042
Total Current Liabilities                    402,622   469,959   415,074
Total Long Term Liabilities                  616,102   561,944   617,042
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          1,018,724 1,031,903 1,032,116
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry         2,110,074 2,110,074 2,110,074
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                309,716   273,570   274,808
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                          2,419,790 2,383,644 2,384,882
Called Up Share Capital                        5,000     5,000     5,000
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)         2,105,074 2,105,074 2,105,074
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 3,035,892 2,945,588 3,001,924


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed   3,035,892 2,945,588 3,001,924
Net Worth          2,419,790 2,383,644 2,384,882
Working Capital      109,322    20,901    81,108
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets         0.67   0.63   1.25
Current Assets        4.3   3.18  -8.29
Current            -14.33     -3  -19.2
Liabilities
Capital Employed     3.07   1.13   4.76
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 5,024 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
01100 Growing of crops; market gardening; horticulture



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -.04     4.88    15.63
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -.28     3.05     9.52
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -.09     4.05    16.43
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              22.85    87.41   165.91
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       39.54    16.83        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .71     1.47      3.5
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            23,109.5 33,252.4 48,787.0
                                                          8        6        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  15,691.4 21,531.3 28,340.2
                                                          9        5        8
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  46,025.6 102,613. 218,432.
                                                          8        1        6
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  32.41    20.75    10.71



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  8
=        3
Year -1  8
=        7
Year -2  9
=        7
Year -3  8
=        7

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.27      1.04       1.2
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.51      0.48      0.56
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                         11.29         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                    0.7       0.7       0.7
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                     11.29         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                        1.32      1.78      1.56
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                         2.5         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                           0.08         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 3,035,892

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: MA Partners LLP

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2017


                             422 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             June 25, 2009 Thursday

Farm loans surge in livestock area;
Falling demand has had impact on increase in applications.

BYLINE: ART HOVEY Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 763 words


Dry milk exports to Europe are drying up.

That's one of many contributing factors to a faltering livestock economy in
Nebraska. It's also a precursor to what a Federal Reserve economist describes as
the biggest national surge in requests for farm loans from the federal
government in 20 years.

"Demand has fallen off the table," said Brian Briggeman, who is based in Omaha
with the 10th District Federal Reserve Bank. "It's just not there for beef
products, for pork products."

It's the same story for dairy and poultry producers, Briggeman said.

"Corn and soybean farmers in Nebraska - really, they're OK. Things are certainly
uncertain and the times are definitely challenging. But it's not anything like
the livestock sector."

As consumers cut back on meat as a mainstay on their menus, the people at the
other end of the meat supply line are feeling the effects in what meatpackers
will pay them.

At the same time, livestock producers face higher feeding costs and such
curveballs as swine flu and bovine tuberculosis.

Briggeman offered his thoughts this week in the bank's Main Street Economist
analysis and expanded on them in an interview. He said small business owners
also are reporting challenges in getting loans.

Rich Barta said what's happening nationally definitely also is happening in one
of the nation's most prominent livestock states.

Approved applications for direct operating loans had reached almost $65.8
million in Nebraska by mid-June, said Barta, state farm loan chief in Lincoln
for the Farm Service Agency. That's up 72 percent from the same date last year,
although it also reflects an increase in the individual loan cap from $200,000
to $300,000.

Meanwhile, approved applications for farm ownership loans were at almost $33.7
million. That's up 28 percent.

"Our volume has certainly been up this year," he said. "And the economic
downturn last fall has had an impact in the Midwest in that some of the
commercial lenders have sent some of their customers to us for assistance and
substantially increased our loan volume."

Barta said the spurt in loan activity has cut into the agency's available
resources.

"We are experiencing some shortages of funding right now," he said. "But
Congress is working on a supplemental appropriation."

Economist Briggeman said he watches marketing trends to see how they match up
with loan numbers.

"And if you look across the board at livestock, it appears there's a huge
contraction in the livestock sector - culling of herds, downsizing, just trying
to get supply to meet demand."

A recent report by the Nebraska office of the National Agricultural Statistics
Service is a case in point. May placements in cattle feedlots in the state were
the lowest since 1998.

At the same time, Briggeman said, "lenders are going through a tightening,
deleveraging period, and things are just tough all the way around."

Asked whether the government lending numbers suggest some borrowers had fallen
out of favor rather quickly with private sector lenders, Briggeman called that
"a touchy subject."

What the numbers do say, from his view, is that "it's a very difficult time,
because it's not easy telling a borrower no, and it's not easy for a borrower to
come in and take a loan and not really know what's going to happen."

The Farm Service Agency often is referred to as "the lender of last resort"
because it takes on borrowers the private sector doesn't want to finance, either
not at all or at least not alone.

But Barta prefers to call his field staff, which includes offices in Beatrice,
York, Syracuse and 28 locations overall, "the lender of first opportunity."

That takes into account, for example, a new Beginning Farmer Downpayment Loan
program that offers money at 1.5 percent interest for up to 20 years.

"We want to give beginning farmers the first opportunity to get started
farming," he said, "and if an existing farmer is having difficulties, we want to
give him the first opportunity to recover."

He noted that Nebraska led the nation last year in total applications for
operating loans.

George Beattie, president of the Nebraska Bankers Association, said feedback
from his members does not suggest tighter private sector credit to rural
borrowers across the board. But he did acknowledge the possibility Nebraska
banks are looking to lend a bigger share of their money, at least in the
livestock sector, in partnership with the federal government through loan
guarantees.

"That lets the bank still be the lender in that relationship," Beattie said,
"and have a little less risk."

Reach Art Hovey at 473-7223 or ahovey@journalstar.com

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Lincoln Journal Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                             423 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                              May 16, 2016 Monday

Farmer Mac Reports First Quarter Financial Results

LENGTH: 1976 words

DATELINE: New York



 WASHINGTON: The Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation (Farmer Mac; NYSE:
AGM and AGM.A) today announced its results for the fiscal quarter ended March
31, 2016, which included $317 million in net new business volume growth that
brought total outstanding business volume to $16.2 billion as of March 31, 2016.
Farmer Mac's first quarter 2016 core earnings, a non-GAAP measure, were $12.4
million ($1.12 per diluted common share), compared to $13.1 million ($1.17 per
diluted common share) in fourth quarter 2015 and $9.1 million ($0.80 per diluted
common share) in first quarter 2015.


 "Our financial results continue to be strong, and our credit quality remains
good," said President and Chief Executive Officer Tim Buzby. "While certain
segments of agriculture are facing their challenges, the overall business
environment remains favorable for Farmer Mac. Our Institutional Credit business
is growing nicely and we continue to expand our customer base for our AgVantage
funding products, including a new Farm Equity AgVantage customer this quarter
and more in the pipeline. Our Farm & Ranch loan purchase business is also making
good strides, helped by our business development efforts as well as an increase
in the demand for agricultural credit. As the agricultural economy continues to
adjust to lower commodity prices and the West Coast drought, we expect credit
quality to revert to more historic levels for Farmer Mac. However, we believe
that this is a necessary and healthy adjustment for the market and that Farmer
Mac is well positioned to deliver upon its mission as credit becomes somewhat
tighter in agriculture. We believe that our financial outlook is strong and that
we have good opportunities in front of us."


  1




 Earnings
 Farmer Mac's net income attributable to common stockholders for first quarter
2016 was $10.3 million ($0.94 per diluted common share), compared to $1.8
million ($0.16 per diluted common share) for first quarter 2015. The increase in
first quarter 2016 compared to first quarter 2015 was primarily attributable to
the absence in first quarter 2016 of (1) an $8.1 million ($6.2 million
after-tax) loss recorded in first quarter 2015 resulting from the write-off of
deferred issuance costs upon the redemption of the Farmer Mac II LLC Preferred
Stock on March 30, 2015 and (2) $3.5 million after-tax in dividend expense
recorded during first quarter 2015 on the preferred stock. The increase was
partially offset by the effects of unrealized fair value changes on financial
derivatives and hedged assets, which was a $1.9 million after-tax loss in first
quarter 2016, compared to a $0.6 million after-tax loss in first quarter 2015.
 Core earnings in first quarter 2016 were $12.4 million ($1.12 per diluted
common share), compared to $13.1 million ($1.17 per diluted common share) in
fourth quarter 2015, and $9.1 million ($0.80 per diluted common share) in first
quarter 2016. The $0.7 million sequential quarterly decrease in core earnings
was primarily attributable to a $0.4 million after-tax increase in operating
expenses. The increase in operating expenses was driven by higher stock
compensation expense in first quarter 2016 resulting primarily from the annual
vesting of stock-based awards and higher payroll taxes as well as higher general
and administrative expenses driven by higher legal and consulting fees related
to corporate strategic initiatives and general corporate matters. Farmer Mac
also realized an increase in credit-related expenses of $0.1 million after-tax
due to provisions to the allowance for losses in first quarter 2016 compared to
releases in fourth quarter 2015. The year-over-year $3.3 million increase in
core earnings was attributable to a $3.5 million after-tax decrease in preferred
dividend expense resulting from the redemption of all outstanding shares of
Farmer Mac II Preferred Stock in first quarter 2015, a $0.4 million after-tax
increase in net effective spread, and an increase in guarantee fee income of
$0.4 million after-tax. The increase was partially offset by (1) a $0.5 million
after-tax increase in credit-related expenses due to


  2




 provisions to the allowance for losses in first quarter 2016 compared to
releases in first quarter 2015 and (2) a $0.5 million after-tax increase in
operating expenses primarily due to legal fees, consulting fees, and information
services expenses related to corporate strategic initiatives and general
corporate matters.
 See "Non-GAAP Earnings Measures" below for more information about core earnings
and for a reconciliation of Farmer Mac's net income attributable to common
stockholders to core earnings.
 Business Volume Highlights
 During first quarter 2016, Farmer Mac added $1.3 billion of new business
volume, with AgVantage securities and Farm & Ranch loan purchases driving the
volume growth. Specifically, Farmer Mac:











     o



     purchased $927.2 million of AgVantage securities, including $25.2 million
in Farm Equity AgVantage securities;















     o



     purchased $198.5 million of newly originated Farm & Ranch loans;















     o



     purchased $95.3 million of USDA Securities;















     o



     added $68.0 million of Farm & Ranch loans under LTSPCs;















     o



     purchased $9.7 million of Rural Utilities loans; and















     o



     issued $3.6 million of Farmer Mac Guaranteed USDA Securities.




 After $1.0 billion of maturities and principal paydowns on existing business
during first quarter 2016, which included $589.8 million in scheduled maturities
of AgVantage securities, Farmer Mac's outstanding business volume increased by
$316.8 million from December 31, 2015 to $16.2 billion as of March 31, 2016. The
increase in Farmer Mac's outstanding business volume was driven by portfolio
growth in AgVantage securities, including the purchase of $250.0 million in
AgVantage securities from the National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance
Corporation ("CFC") and purchases of $25.2 million under Farm Equity AgVantage
facilities with agricultural real estate investment funds, including $9.7
million with a new counterparty. Farmer Mac's Farm & Ranch loan portfolio also
grew this quarter despite the large amount of repayments resulting from the
January 1 payment date on almost all loans in the portfolio.


  3




 Net Effective Spread
 Farmer Mac's net effective spread was $29.9 million (82 basis points) in first
quarter 2016, compared to $29.9 million (85 basis points) in fourth quarter
2015, and $29.3 million (86 basis points) in first quarter 2015. The decrease in
percentage terms in first quarter 2016 compared to fourth quarter 2015 was
primarily attributable to market increases in short-term LIBOR-based funding
costs and a tighter spread on a large AgVantage security that was refinanced at
a shorter maturity than the original security. In addition to the items
previously mentioned, the decrease in net effective spread in percentage terms
in first quarter 2016 compared to first quarter 2015 was also attributable to a
decline in cash basis interest income received on non-accrual Farm & Ranch
loans. The increase in dollar terms in first quarter 2016 compared to first
quarter 2015 was primarily attributable to growth in outstanding business
volume.
 Credit Quality
 Credit quality remained stable across Farmer Mac's four lines of business. In
the Farm & Ranch portfolio, 90-day delinquencies were $34.7 million (0.61
percent of the Farm & Ranch portfolio) as of March 31, 2016, compared to $32.1
million (0.56 percent) as of December 31, 2015, and $32.1 million (0.60 percent)
as of March 31, 2015. Farmer Mac expects that over time its 90-day delinquency
rate will eventually revert closer to Farmer Mac's historical averages due to
macroeconomic and other potential factors, but Farmer Mac has not yet seen an
impact on its portfolio or a rise in delinquencies related to these factors.
Farmer Mac's average 90-day delinquency rate for the Farm & Ranch line of
business over the last fifteen years has been approximately one percent.
 For Farmer Mac's other lines of business, there are currently no delinquent
AgVantage securities or Rural Utilities loans held or underlying LTSPCs, and
USDA Securities are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States. As
a result, across all of Farmer Mac's lines of business, 90-day delinquencies
represented 0.21 percent of total business volume as of March 31, 2016, compared
to 0.20 percent as of December 31, 2015, and 0.22 percent as of March 31, 2015.


  4




 The western part of the United States, and in particular California, continues
to experience the effects of drought conditions. The persistence of drought
conditions in the western states could have an adverse effect on Farmer Mac's
delinquency rates or loss experience in the future; however, Farmer Mac has not
observed any material effect on its portfolio from the drought through March 31,
2016. Farmer Mac continues to remain informed about the drought and its effects
on the agricultural industries located in the western states and on Farmer Mac's
Farm & Ranch portfolio through regular discussions with its loan servicers that
service loans in drought-stricken areas, as well as customers and other lenders
in the industry.
 Lines of Business
 Farmer Mac's operations consist of four lines of business - Farm & Ranch, USDA
Guarantees, Rural Utilities, and Institutional Credit. Net effective spread by
business segment for first quarter 2016 was $9.5 million (171 basis points) for
Farm & Ranch, $4.3 million (91 basis points) for USDA Guarantees, $2.5 million
(102 basis points) for Rural Utilities, and $11.1 million (80 basis points) for
Institutional Credit.
 Liquidity and Capital
 Farmer Mac's core capital totaled $562.7 million as of March 31, 2016,
exceeding the statutory minimum capital requirement by $84.9 million, or 18
percent, compared to $564.5 million as of December  31, 2015, which was $102.4
million, or 22 percent, above the statutory minimum capital requirement. The
decrease in core capital above the statutory minimum requirement primarily
resulted from an increase in minimum capital required to support the growth of
on-balance sheet assets during the quarter.
 As of March 31, 2016, Farmer Mac's total stockholders' equity was $543.8
million, compared to $553.5 million as of December 31, 2015. The decrease in
total stockholders' equity was primarily attributable to a decrease in
accumulated other comprehensive income due to decreases in fair value of
available-for-sale floating rate AgVantage securities and cash flow hedges. The
decrease in the fair value


  5




 of available-for-sale floating rate AgVantage securities was driven primarily
by a flattening of the yield curve as of March 31, 2016 compared to December 31,
2015. The decrease in the fair value of cash flow hedges was driven primarily by
lower long-term market interest rates as of March 31, 2016 compared to December
31, 2015.
 On September 8, 2015, Farmer Mac's board of directors approved a share
repurchase program, which authorized Farmer Mac to repurchase up to $25 million
of its outstanding Class C non-voting common stock through September 2017. As of
March 31, 2016, Farmer Mac had repurchased approximately 668,000 shares at a
cost of approximately $19.6 million.
 As prescribed by FCA regulations, Farmer Mac is required to maintain a minimum
of 90 days of liquidity. In accordance with the methodology prescribed by those
regulations, Farmer Mac maintained an average of 172 days of liquidity during
first quarter 2016 and had 178 days of liquidity as of March 31, 2016.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             424 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Farm Lenders Bring Credit Plan To Washington;
Wish to Kill Pending Reagan Program, Decrease Interest Rates on Loans

                          February 6, 1985, Wednesday

By ANDREW ALBERT

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The nation's farm lenders are desperately searching for ways to continue lending
while at the same time bailing out themselves and their borrowers, who are about
to enter an expensive spring planting season.

On Tuesday, the Independent Bankers Association of America unveiled its own farm
credit plan - one0tTat is similar to a package devised by the larger American
Bankers Association but will probably draw more opposition.

The independent bankers group, which represents about 3,000 agricultural
lenders, is largely concerned wItv killing the Reagan administration's loan
''forgiveness'' program, which is due to take effect this week.

In order to receive a loan guarantee under the Reagan program, banks must reduce
either a farmer's annual interest chsrges or his debt principal - or a
combination of the two - by at least 10%.

Members of the independent bankers group said at a press conference Tuesday that
they simply can't afford the effects of the administration's forgivenessplan.
''If they ask us to forgive, that means - regardless of the success of that
operator - we've forgiven that loan,'' said Thomas H. Olson, who is president of
the Lisco State Bank, Lisco, Neb. He is also the chairi!w of the IBAA's
agriculture committee.

As an alternative, the small bankers group has endorsed a plan that is based
largely on an arrangement in which the banks and the federal government would
''buy down'' or reduce inde'est rates charged on farm loans. ''It's a way to
make it possible for the farmer and lender to stay involved with the
situation,'' Mr. Olson said.

The IBAA plan calls for:

* Removing the administration's loan-forgiveness features and increasing the
funding for federal loan guarantees to $3 billion from the $650 million already
approved by Congress.

* Establishing a joint private-government buydown program, aimed at reducing the
interest2rate to qualifying farmers by at least 4%. The IBAA estimates that such
a program would cost the federal government about $100 million in order to match
the banks' 2% buydown of rates. The group said it would also encourage farm
states to further reduce rates for farmers located within their borders.

A $100 million outlay program would enable $5 million of farm loans to be
included in the 4% buydown, according to the trade group's calculations.

IBAA members are here this week promoting their plan to lawmakers on Capitol
Hill, Agriculture Department officials, and Federal Reserve Chairman Paul A.
Volcker. Testify before the Congressional Joint Economic Committee on ,uesday,
the Fed chief characterized the agricultural banking problem as an asset
problem, rather than a capital or liquidity shortfall.

Given Washington's prevailing budget-cutting climate, the IBAA's $250 million
plan could get a cool reception at the White House and in Congress. In addition
to the $100 billion federal cost of buying down interest rates, the independent
bankers say the government would need to kick in another $150 million to cover
the costs of guaranteed loans that fail.

With spring planting season only about 60 days away and operating ,ohns in
demand, members of the American Bankers Association fear that the plan
introduced by the independent group couldn't be established quickly, or cheaply,
enough.

''We don't know if that is doable in 1985,'' said Ken§eth Lee, an agricultural
lending specialist with the ABA. He said his group devised its own farm credit
program that is more sensitive to budget-cutting concerns.

Like the independent bankers, the ABA also seeks an increase in loan guarantees
from the Farmers Home Administration, but the similarities between the two trade
group proposals seem to end there.''

The crux of the ABA proposal lies in a five-year period during which banks would
forego earnings on outstanding loans by writing down the interest, principal, or
a combination of both. Under that proposal, the FmHA administration would
guarantee 90% of an operating loan if the credit was written down to the
prevailing rate on FmHA loans, which is now 10.25%.

In addition, loan guarantee fees would not be passed along to the borrower but
would be paid for by the bank. ''The only place the government would share in
the cost of the program is in the event that the guaranteed loan failed,'' said
Mr. Lee of the ABA.

Both the independent bBJkers and the American Bankers Association agree there is
little time to wait. Mr. Olson of the IBAA predicted that 5% to 8% of Nebraska's
farmers will be out of business by the end of this year, ''with or without a
government program.'' And, he said, another 5% to 10% of the state's farmers
will be wiped out without a stronger loan guarantee program.

He pointed out that 22 of the 40 bank failures recorded in the second half of
1984 involved agricq,:ural lenders. ''You have to look at a lot of agricultural
communities that only have one financial institution. And if you permit it to
fail, soon it will be the schools and Main Street that follow,'' Mr. Olson
noted.

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 838 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                             425 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                January 9, 2017

                              R T & A M ELLIS CYF

                               C/O TY NEWYDD FARM
                                 TY NEWYDD FARM
                                 TY NEWYDD FARM
                                    TREFNANT
                                DENBIGH LL16 5UN


TRADE ADDRESS: Ty Newydd Farm Ty Newydd Farm Trefnant, DENBIGH LL16 5UN

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 07111197

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: December 22, 2009
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Angharad Meleri Ellis, Farmer
     ·    Rhodri Tudor Ellis, Farmer


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Raising of dairy cattle
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
01410 - Agricultural service activities

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  April 28, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  December 8, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  20,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                              426,179    84,779    96,437
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                           426,179    84,779    96,437
Stocks                                       405,900   323,350   304,600
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -       214
Miscellaneous Current Assets                 228,780   277,572   230,852
Other Current Assets                         228,780   277,572   231,066
Total Current Assets                         634,680   600,922   535,666
Fixed Assets                                 426,179    84,779    96,437
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               1,060,859   685,701   632,103



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities          1,022,580   615,348   592,093
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                  1,022,580   615,348   592,093
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                   35,532    16,956    19,287
Total Current Liabilities                  1,022,580   615,348   592,093
Total Long Term Liabilities                   35,532    16,956    19,287
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          1,058,112   632,304   611,380
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                20        20        20
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                  2,727    53,377    20,703
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                              2,747    53,397    20,723
Called Up Share Capital                           20        20        20
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                    38,279    70,353    40,010


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed      38,279    70,353    40,010
Net Worth              2,747    53,397    20,723
Working Capital      -387900    -14426    -56427
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3 5 Years
                    Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP     GBP
Sales                   -      -       -
Pretax                  -      -       -
Total Assets        54.71  67.83  110.89
Current Assets       5.62  18.48  129.85
Current             66.18  72.71  103.62
Liabilities
Capital Employed   -45.59  -4.33 4,495.3
                                       2
Employee Wages          -      -       -
Number of               -      -       -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 1,824 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
01210 Farming of cattle, dairy farming



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     2.52      8.7
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                        -.5     2.16     5.78
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0     4.31    13.39
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              16.29    57.48    111.9
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       35.99    19.16        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .59     1.06     2.37
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            33,657.9 40,816.4 68,376.5
                                                          3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  19,411.9 22,330.1 26,632.8
                                                                   4        3
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    93,950 175,892.  291,800
                                                                   8
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  23.08    14.29     6.96



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  5
=        2
Year -1  2
=        6
Year -2  8
=        5
Year -3  7
=        6

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                0.62      0.98       0.9
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.22      0.45      0.39
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      0      0.08      0.03
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                        2.52       1.9      1.94
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 38,279

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Parry Scholes & Co Ltd

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2017


                             426 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                February 9, 2017

                    LONGHAM FARM MANAGEMENT COMPANY LIMITED

                                       2
                               LONGHAM FARM CLOSE
                                    FERNDOWN
                               FERNDOWN BH22 9DE


TRADE ADDRESS: 2 Longham Farm Close, FERNDOWN BH22 9DE

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 08015519

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: April 2, 2012
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Corin Kingsley Fiddaman, Engineer
     ·    Peter Challis, Chartered Surveyor
     ·    Nicole Alexandre Carvill, Retired Civil Servant
     ·    Elaine Anne Morgan, Probation Senior Manager
     ·    Timothy James Ayers, Retired Teacher


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Residents property management
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Normal   Medium sized unquoted company exempt from filing a
turnover figure

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
98000

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: April 30, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: April 30

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  April 30, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  January 22, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  April 2, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  14,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           30/04/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                           3,115     2,366       445
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         0         0
Other Current Assets                           3,115     2,366       445
Total Current Assets                           3,115     2,366       445
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                   3,115     2,366       445



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           30/04/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -       116        13
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -       116        13
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                      122         -        73
Total Current Liabilities                          -       116        13
Total Long Term Liabilities                      122         -        73
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                122       116        86
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry             2,993         5         5
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0     2,245       354
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                              2,993     2,250       359
Called Up Share Capital                            -         5         5
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)             2,993         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -     2,250       432


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   30/04/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed       3,115     2,250       432
Net Worth              2,993     2,250       359
Working Capital        3,115     2,250       432
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3 5 Years
                    Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP     GBP
Sales                   -      -       -
Pretax                  -      -       -
Total Assets        31.66    600  62,200
Current Assets      31.66    600  62,200
Current                 -      -       -
Liabilities
Capital Employed    38.44 621.06 -3523.0
                                       8
Employee Wages          -      -       -
Number of               -      -       -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 7,345 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
01410 Agricultural service activities



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   1.36     16.7    81.91
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0     7.79    42.86
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0      5.8    16.67
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                100    211.2   408.34
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       39.47      8.7        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .47      .93     1.51
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            26,260.5   29,291 37,910.9
                                                          3                 9
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  17,700.4 19,893.3 23,507.4
                                                          3        9
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  51,878.7 78,416.6 164,900.
                                                          9        7        6
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  38.03    26.47    15.61



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  8
=        3
Year -1  8
=        3
Year -2  7
=        1
Year -3  2
=        4

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                0/04/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -      20.4     34.23
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -      20.4     34.23
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.96      0.95      0.81
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2017


                             427 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2012 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               December 11, 2012

                              GUYER FARMS LIMITED

                                NORTHFIELD FARM
                               LYNN ROAD SOUTHERY
                                 DOWNHAM MARKET
                               Thetford IP26 4QX


TRADE ADDRESS: Severalls Road, Thetford IP26 4QX

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01366728502

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 02199876

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: November 30, 1987
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  WALDERSEY FARMS LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  WALDERSEY FARMS LIMITED

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Robert Brian Loxton, Farm Consultant
     ·    Richard Michael Clarke, Director


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    MRROBERT BRIANLOXTON, FARM CONSULTANT


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: LL
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Dissolved company

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
01410 - Agricultural service activities

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2011
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2011
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Small   modified Balance Sheet
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  May 26, 2012
ANNUAL RETURN:  August 2, 2012
CREDIT LIMIT:  Z

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/200 31/12/200
                                                   1         7         6
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    0         0         0
Intangible Assets                                  0         0         0
Total Fixed Assets                                 0         0         0
Stocks                                             0         0         0
Debtors                                            0   379,000   379,000
Cash                                           1,000     1,000     1,000
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         0         0
Other Current Assets                           1,000     1,000     1,000
Total Current Assets                           1,000   380,000   380,000
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        0         0         0
Due From Group, Current                            0         0         0
TOTAL ASSETS                                   1,000   380,000   380,000



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/200 31/12/200
                                                   1         7         6
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          0         0         0
Bank Overdraft                                     0         0         0
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities              1,000         0         0
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              0         0         0
Due To Directors, Current                          0         0         0
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          0         0         0
Due To Directors, Non Current                      0         0         0
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                      1,000         0         0
Total Long Term Liabilities                        0         0         0
TOTAL LIABILITIES                              1,000         0         0
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 0         0         0
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0   380,000   380,000
Revaluation Reserve                                0         0         0
Shareholder Funds                                  0   380,000   380,000
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         0   380,000   380,000


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/201 31/12/200 31/12/200
                           1         7         6
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed           0   380,000   380,000
Net Worth                  0   380,000   380,000
Working Capital            0   380,000   380,000
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             0         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            -   -100   -100
Current Assets          -   -100   -100
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        -   -100   -100
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 3,924 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2011)
SIC Code:
01410 Agricultural service activities



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   0.00    18.59    58.14
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       0.00     7.28    28.50
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              0.00     5.01    22.22
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              77.42   180.95   317.42
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       52.82    14.22     0.00
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   0.53     1.00     1.82
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -        -        -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  17,383.2 22,193.4 29,008.3
                                                          6        5        7
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  34,158.3 81,000.0 187,195.
                                                          3        0        4
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  42.47    25.84    12.16



CREDIT RATING
Year  0         Dissolved or dissolution action
=                                       pending
Year -1           Dormant, non-trading or agent
=
Year -2           Dormant, non-trading or agent
=
Year -3           Dormant, non-trading or agent
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/12/201 31/12/200 31/12/200
                                                       1         7         6
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.00         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  1.00         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.00      1.00      1.00
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -      0.00      0.00
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 0

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Saffery Champness
BANKER: LLOYDS TSB

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2013


                             428 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            April 29, 1982 Thursday

Agriculture failing fast,   brief to Cabinet warns

BYLINE: KEVIN COX; GAM

LENGTH: 649 words


By  KEVIN COX
   Ontario agriculture is failing fast and the province's efforts to save
 it have been inadequate, the head of the Ontario Federation of Agriculture
 says.

In a brief to the provincial Cabinet yesterday, Ralph Barrie said he is
 "disheartened by the rapid decline of agriculture's profitability in
 Ontario.
    "Participants in a once-robust industry now watch as more and more
 parts of it grow feeble because farmers continue to lose equity . . . .
 The economic squeeze is making it difficult - in some cases impossible -
 to farm productively."
    Mr. Barrie did not present any figures on farmers who have left the
 land in the past year as high interest rates and low meat and grain prices
 caused major losses on many farms.

He said 140 Ontario farmers declared bankruptcy last year and "several
 times as many farms are quietly shut down and their owners look for
 another job or take an early retirement."
    Mr. Barrie said things will get worse this year because high operating
 costs and low prices are predicted to reduce farmers' net incomes 23.5 per
 cent in Ontario, from $653-million in 1981 to a projected $500-million in
 1982.

The brief was presented a day after an Economic Council of Canada
 report said most farmers across Canada are making a decent income. One of
 the authors of the report, James Forbes, said in an interview from
 Vancouver that only poor farm managers or people who recently got into
 debt in a time of high interest rates are now faced with bankruptcy.

The OFA brief said farmers were grateful for the $60-million in
 emergency aid given to the beef industry, but was critical of the Ontario
 Farm Assistance Adjustment Program, which offers either loan guarantees or
 a 5 per cent rebate on interest paid on farm operating loans.

The program was set up in December after the recommendations of a
 provincial committee on which Mr. Barrie served. It has offered aid to 300
 farmers and applications are being processed by a three-man committee at
 the rate of 25 to 30 a day, according to Agriculture Minister Dennis
 Timbrell.

But the OFA brief says that "most farmers feel the program's
 inadequacies outweigh any possible benefits" and the program falls short
 of the recommendations made by the provincial action committee in
 December.

The brief objects to the program's not offering interest rebates to
 farmers who get loan guarantees and it asks the Government to make farmers
 eligible for both.

In an interview earlier this week, Mr. Timbrell said the adjustment
 program is designed to help farms that are economically viable survive the
 current period of low prices and high interest rates, but the program will
 not save every farmer in financial trouble.

The OFA brief calls on the province to supply more financial management
 advice to farmers and asks for provincial aid in setting up a market risk
 insurance plan so farmers can set up a price-support system with
 governments.

Some of the farmers in the greatest financial difficulty are Ontario
 beef producers, who are now asking the federal Government for a
 stabilization payment of $40 for every animal they sold last year.

Federal Agriculture Minister Eugene Whelan has said that such a subsidy
 for beef and pork would cost taxpayers close to $600-million to cover
 farmers' losses and he wants farmers to improve their marketing systems
 instead of taking subsidies.

But Tony Noorloos, head of the Ontario Cattlemen's Association, said in
 an interview yesterday that beef herds in the province will be
 dramatically reduced unless there is some government assistance to make up
 for the losses suf fered by beef farmers in 1981.

Such a move would push consumer beef prices down this year, but would
 cause shortages and higher prices in about two years, he said.
    "If there is no money from government this year, the cow-calf man will
 decide to reduce his herds. This is the year that will happen," Mr.
 Noorloos said.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1982 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             429 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The New Nation (Bangladesh)

                           January 19, 2013 Saturday

Bribery for farm loans, Jan. 19

LENGTH: 337 words

DATELINE: Dhaka


Dhaka, Jan. 19 -- ACCORDING to press reports, a section of Krishi Bank officials
is taking bribes in return for providing agricultural loans to poor farmers for
cultivation of their land. Despite the government's directive to ensure
corruption-free disbursement of 'farm loans', farmers are not getting loans in a
fair way. Some bank officials and employees in connivance with middlemen are
collecting their tips of Taka 100 to 200 as 'bribe' for a loan of Tk 1,000 only
as reported. In fact such meagre amount of loans are given only to those who can
satisfy the corrupt section of bank employees. The government's much avowed
agricultural loan is being disbursed by the banks rather whimsically and not
necessarily to the farmers for cultivating their lands. Non-farmers are also
drawing 'farm loans' by giving bribe to the bank employees for doing business as
farmers of a nearby district alleged. As alleged the bank employees even do not
honour the lists given by the 'block supervisor' of the Department of
Agricultural Extension for rice cultivation for disbursement of loans as anyone
can have it provided if one pays bribe money fixed through brokers.

The government as a whole appears not to be serious about proper disbursement of
farm loan among farmers as they being poor usually have to borrow money during
lean seasons for cultivation of different crops including 'Boro' and 'Aman'
paddy. Lack of regular monitoring and supervision by the Central Bank and other
concerned authorities is responsible for creating such loopholes and breeding
corruption in the disbursement of the farm loan. Both public and private
commercial banks operating in the country are lagging in disbursing farm loans
though the Bangladesh Bank asked them to disburse at least 2.5 per cent of their
credit and advances for agriculture. Published by HT Syndication with permission
from The New Nation. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The New Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             430 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2016 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                               September 27, 2016

                         IN MOTION ADVERTISING LIMITED

                               C/O OLIVER JACKSON
                                   POUND FARM
                                     HOUSE
                           POUND FARM LANE ASH GREEN
                               ALDERSHOT GU12 6EQ


TRADE ADDRESS: Pound Farm House Pound Farm Lane Ash Green, ALDERSHOT GU12 6EQ

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 08046499

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: April 26, 2012
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Oliver James Jackson, Property Manager
     ·    Mirco Falconi, Surveyor


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    Oliver JamesJackson


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Renting and leasing of cars and light motor vehicles
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
77110

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Dormant
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  September 21, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  April 26, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  15,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               2         2         2
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         0         0
Other Current Assets                               2         2         2
Total Current Assets                               2         2         2
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                       2         2         2



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         0         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         0         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         0         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         0         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 2         2         2
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                  2         2         2
Called Up Share Capital                            2         2         2
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         2         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed           2         2         2
Net Worth                  2         2         2
Working Capital            2         2         2
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0      0      0
Current Assets          0      0      0
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      0      0
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 1,878 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
71100 Renting of automobiles



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   3.06     9.09    22.13
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                        .56     4.53     9.97
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              1.83     8.02    15.91
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              39.54    61.54   152.14
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       57.77    14.28        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .18      .65     1.34
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            56,517.8   96,685 161,234.
                                                          6                 9
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  21,376.5 27,681.2 35,695.9
                                                          6        4        9
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  133,692. 241,633. 661,230.
                                                          9        3        9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  19.38     10.9     4.75



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  6
=        2
Year -1  6
=        5
Year -2  7
=        2
Year -3  2
=        4

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      1         1         1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         0         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2017


                             431 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 29, 2017

                             WATERLOO FARM LIMITED

                              C/O JOHN RICHARDSON
                                 WATERLOO FARM
                                     HOUSE
                               LEIGHTON ROAD WING
                            LEIGHTON BUZZARD LU7 0PW


TRADE ADDRESS: Waterloo Farm House Leighton Road Wing, LEIGHTON BUZZARD LU7 0PW

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 05870534

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: July 10, 2006
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Renting and operating of own or leased real estate
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68200

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: July 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: July 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  July 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Dormant
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  March 26, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  July 10, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  14,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/07/201 31/07/201 31/07/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                   12        12        12
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                12        12        12
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       -         -         -
Other Current Assets                               -         -         -
Total Current Assets                               -         -         -
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                               12        12        12
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                      12        12        12



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/07/201 31/07/201 31/07/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                12        12        12
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                 12        12        12
Called Up Share Capital                           12        12        12
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/07/201 31/07/201 31/07/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed          12        12        12
Net Worth                 12        12        12
Working Capital            -         -         -
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0      0      0
Current Assets          -      -      -
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      0      0
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 59,273 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
70200 Letting of own property



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     3.03    11.52
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0     2.14     6.41
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0    21.62    61.19
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               4.38     7.69    30.85
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       12.15        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .08       .6     2.26
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            27,864.5 79,369.5 161,438.
                                                          1        9        4
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,800 23,120.3 39,861.1
                                                                   7        1
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    70,000 168,352.  404,200
                                                                   9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  29.98     15.9     8.02



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  7
=        4
Year -1  7
=        4
Year -2  9
=        1
Year -3  9
=        1

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/07/201 31/07/201 31/07/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      1         1         1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2017


                             432 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2011 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               February 22, 2011

                      CORNTHWAITE (FARM EQUIPMENT) LIMITED

                                    ELM FARM
                              STATION LANE NATEBY
                                    PRESTON
                                Ormskirk L40 3SB


TRADE ADDRESS: Hall Lane Bispham, Ormskirk L40 3SB

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01704 822343
URL: www.cornthwaiteag.co.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 01164703

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: March 27, 1974
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 15

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  JOHN CORNTHWAITE (FARM MACHINERY) LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  JOHN CORNTHWAITE (FARM MACHINERY) LIMITED

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    John Cornthwaite, Managing Director


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    CYNTHIA MARGARETWHITESIDE


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: RBS The supply of new and used agricultural machinery.
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Dissolved company

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
51660 - Wholesale of agricultural machinery and accessories and implements,
including tractors
29320 - Manufacture of other agricultural and forestry machinery

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: January 31, 2004
FISCAL YEAR END: January 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  January 31, 2009
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  November 26, 2009
ANNUAL RETURN:  January 2, 2010
CREDIT LIMIT:  Z

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/01/200 31/01/200 31/01/200
                                                   4         3         2
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                              410,000   304,000   294,000
Intangible Assets                                  0         0         0
Total Fixed Assets                           410,000   304,000   294,000
Stocks                                     2,163,000 1,852,000   783,000
Debtors                                      598,000   482,000   299,000
Cash                                               0    78,000     1,000
Miscellaneous Current Assets                 248,000   485,000   560,000
Other Current Assets                         248,000   563,000   561,000
Total Current Assets                       3,009,000 2,897,000 1,643,000
Fixed Assets                                 410,000   304,000   294,000
Intermediate Assets                                0         0         0
Due From Group, Non Current                        0         0         0
Due From Group, Current                       61,000   313,000   560,000
TOTAL ASSETS                               3,419,000 3,201,000 1,937,000



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/01/200 31/01/200 31/01/200
                                                   4         3         2
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                  1,649,000 2,123,000   644,000
Bank Overdraft                               136,000         0   202,000
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            865,000   439,000   577,000
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       0         0         0
Other Short Term Finance                       5,000    14,000     2,000
Due To Group, Current                              0         0         0
Due To Directors, Current                          0         0         0
Other Current Liabilities                    860,000   425,000   575,000
Short Term Loans                             141,000    14,000   204,000
Long Term Loans                                    0     5,000     9,000
Long Term Bank Loan                                0         0         0
Other Long Term Finance                            0     5,000     9,000
Due To Group, Non Current                          0         0         0
Due To Directors, Non Current                      0         0         0
Other Long Term Liabilities                   22,000    11,000     7,000
Total Current Liabilities                  2,650,000 2,562,000 1,423,000
Total Long Term Liabilities                   22,000    16,000    16,000
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          2,672,000 2,578,000 1,439,000
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry            28,000    28,000    28,000
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                657,000   532,000   406,000
Revaluation Reserve                           62,000    63,000    64,000
Shareholder Funds                            747,000   623,000   498,000
Called Up Share Capital                       23,000    23,000    23,000
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)             5,000     5,000     5,000
Contingent Liabilities                       525,000    551000    268000
NET ASSETS                                   769,000   639,000   514,000


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/01/200 31/01/200 31/01/200
                           4         3         2
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit         541,000   520,000   419,000
Operating Profit     170,000   175,000   134,000
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          0         0         0
Interest Payable       9,000    15,000    14,000
Pretax Profit        161,000   160,000   120,000
Taxation              36,000    35,000    32,000
Profit After Tax     125,000   125,000    88,000
Dividends Payable          0         0         0
Retained Profits     125,000   125,000    88,000
Value Added          476,376   418,216   356,032
Capital Employed     769,000   639,000   514,000
Net Worth            747,000   623,000   498,000
Working Capital      359,000   335,000   220,000
Emp. Renumeration    244,000   204,000   183,000
Dir. Renumeration          -         -     4,000
Audit Fees             4,000     7,000     7,000
Non-audit Fees             0         0         0
Depreciation          37,000    18,000    20,000
Number of                 15        14        14
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                               31/01/200 31/01/200 31/01/200
                                                       4         3         2
                                                     GBP       GBP       GBP
Net Cashflow From Operating Activities             3,000   284,000    -43000
Net Cashflow From Return On Investment And         -9000    -13000    -14000
Servicing Of Finance
Net Cashflow Before Financing                    -108000   248,000    -71000
Net Cashflow From Financing                      -107000    31,000    -33000
Increase In Cash                                 -215000   279,000   -104000

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  1     34      -
Total Assets            7     77    110
Current Assets          4     83    126
Current                 3     86    114
Liabilities
Capital Employed       20     50     96
Employee Wages         20     33     31
Number of               7      7      0
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 526 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2004)
SIC Code:
51660 Wholesale of agricultural machinery and
accessories and implements, including tractors



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   6.56    13.83    34.65
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       1.18     4.89    10.79
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              0.39     2.28     6.21
Sales / Total Assets (%)                             169.45   231.95   316.71
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       58.02    37.30    22.10
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   0.98     1.24     1.73
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -        -        -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  17,399.3 21,160.9 26,616.2
                                                          5        7        4
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  170,825. 230,669. 424,563.
                                                          1        3        4
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  13.55     9.35     6.17



CREDIT RATING
Year  0         Dissolved or dissolution action
=                                       pending
Year -1           Dormant, non-trading or agent
=
Year -2           Dormant, non-trading or agent
=
Year -3           Dormant, non-trading or agent
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/01/200 31/01/200 31/01/200
                                                       4         3         2
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)               20.94     25.04     23.35
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                          4.71      5.00      6.20
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)             21.55     25.68     24.10
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.14      1.13      1.15
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.32      0.41      0.60
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                         18.88      3.05     42.77
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.22      0.19      0.26
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                     18.88      3.05     42.77
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                  5.29      8.57     10.45
Current Liabilities / Stocks                        1.23      1.38      1.82
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees     16,266.6 14,571.43 13,071.43
(GBP)                                                  7
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)       10,733.3 11,428.57  8,571.43
                                                       3
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees          51,266.6 45,642.86 36,714.29
                                                       7
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        27,333.3 21,714.29 21,000.00
                                                       3
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        227,933. 228,642.8 138,357.1
                                                       3
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                    33.80     38.26     33.70
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)         31,758.4 29,872.57 25,430.86
                                                       0
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                 1.95      2.05      1.95
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                         854.75    457.29    276.71
Creditors / Debtors                                 2.76      4.40      2.15
Total Debt / Working Capital                        0.39      0.06      0.97
Total Debt / Total Assets                           0.04      0.01      0.11

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 769,000

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Lonsdale & Partners
BANKER: ROYAL BANK OF SCOTLAND

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2013


                             433 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                            December 6, 2015 Sunday
                             NC Wilmington Edition

BYLINE: NC McGrath Gareth; Associated Press

SECTION: 4,D; GateHouse Media GM9; Pg. 50

LENGTH: 572 words

ABSTRACT

Farm aid

FULL TEXT

WICHITA, Kan.   The nation s net farm income is the lowest since 2002, and with
another year of low commodity prices, demand for agriculture loans is surging as
farmers struggle to make ends meet.

Today s grain prices will bring in enough to pay for basic operating costs like
fertilizer, seed and land rent, said Troy Soukup, the past president of Kansas
Bankers Association s Ag Bankers Division. Yet, crop prices are not high enough
for farmers to make payments on equipment loans   or even to get paid for their
own labor.

Agricultural lenders say they are seeing people who had operating loans
requesting larger ones, and some who had operated with cash are borrowing money.
But it s unlikely the current run on loans will be anything like the farm credit
crisis of the 1980s, when those who survived the significant year-to-year losses
were without large debts to repay.

Farmer Tom Giessel had to borrow just to finish out this season at his western
Kansas farm where he grows wheat, corn and sorghum. Not so long ago, commodity
prices were so high that Giessel didn t have to borrow any money for the farm
between 2012 and 2014.

Everybody is kind of taking a step backward with these low commodity prices,  he
said.  In fact, it might be more than a step   it might be kind of a tumble
backward.

U.S. farm debt is forecast to increase 6.3 percent in 2015, a recent U.S.
Agriculture Department s Economic Research Service report showed. At the same
time, net income has plummeted by a staggering 55 percent since 2013 and is
forecast to be $55.9 billion this year   the lowest since 2002. The report cites
depressed crop and cattle prices as the main reasons for the decline.

It s the latest in a boom-and-bust cycle as old as farming. A widespread drought
that began in 2010 in the south and spread across the Midwest before peaking in
2012 diminished stockpiles of grain, but was followed by a renaissance fueled by
a rare combination of high crop yields and prices. As more grain crops were
grown, the resulting glut caused a sharp fall in prices these past two years,
aggravated by weak exports.

Most of what we are hearing out there is that farmers and the banks are in good
shape to be able to weather any potential downturn,  said Steve Apodaca, vice
president of the Washington, D.C.-based American Bankers Association s Center
for Agricultural and Rural Banking.

The USDA s Farm Service Agency saw demand for loans across the nation soar from
nearly $4 billion in 2013 to more than $5.6 billion in 2015. Delinquency rates
nationwide were around 1 percent, according to FSA data.

USDA provides farmers  a strong safety net to support them during challenging
times,  FSA administrator Val Dolcini said in an emailed statement.

Lenders credit the low delinquency rates in part to banks, government lenders
and some agricultural programs that help stretch out repayment periods until
prices come up again. Some lenders also are restructuring payments on some older
loans for equipment or land to give farmers more flexibility, according to
Soukup, who s also a banker.

But the longer commodity prices stay at this level, the more difficult it will
be to do that long-term.

Giessel is now trying to decide whether he should plant much, if any, corn next
year due to the cost of seed:  I guess what you will end up choosing is what you
will lose the least amount of money on, if you are going to put a crop out.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             434 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 29, 2017

                      AVON FARM MANAGEMENT COMPANY LIMITED

                                 THE OLD DAIRY
                             5 AVON FARM BUILDINGS
                         STRATFORD SUB CASTLE SALISBURY
                               SALISBURY SP4 6AE


TRADE ADDRESS: The Old Dairy 5 Avon Farm Buildings, SALISBURY SP4 6AE

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 04701027

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: March 18, 2003
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Christopher John Twonsend Dixon, Retired
     ·    Jennifer Frances Bankes, Retired
     ·    Carol Paul, None
     ·    Philip James Simmonds, Estate Manager
     ·    Mr James Gordon Tru Dewar, Retired


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    PeterBankes


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Other accommodation
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited company without share capital::Private Limited
company without share capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
55900

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: July 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: July 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  July 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Dormant
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  March 27, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  March 9, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  15,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/07/201 31/07/201 31/07/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       -         -         -
Other Current Assets                               -         -         -
Total Current Assets                               -         -         -
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                       0         0         0



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/07/201 31/07/201 31/07/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/07/201 31/07/201 31/07/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed           0         0         0
Net Worth                  0         0         0
Working Capital            -         -         -
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0      0      0
Current Assets          -      -      -
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      0      0
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 4,550 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
55239 Other tourist or short stay accommodation



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -.48     1.15       20
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -.62      .61    12.29
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                -1     1.89    21.69
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              20.88    62.58    170.8
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x           0        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .17        1     2.57
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            18,976.0 25,046.1 37,335.2
                                                          1                 1
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  10,548.0 15,937.1   21,000
                                                          8
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  25,607.9 36,656.2 66,833.3
                                                          6        5        3
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  52.25     38.5    21.26



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  5
=        8
Year -1  5
=        8
Year -2  9
=        8
Year -3  9
=        8

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/07/201 31/07/201 31/07/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      -         -         -
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 0         0         0
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               0         0         0
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              0         0         0
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2017


                             435 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

6

                          February 13, 1986, Thursday


In an appeal for government assistance to farm lenders, a joint task force of
the Independent Bankers Association of America and the American Bankers
Association drew up a list of recommendations and presented them last week to
Rep. Ed Jones, D-Tenn., chairman of the House Agriculture subcommittee on
conservation, credit, and rural development. The recommendations were tendered
on behalf of the task force by Bud Gerhart, chairman of the agriculture-rural
committee of the IBAA, and Randall Killebrew, vice chairman of the government
relations council of the ABA. Below is the text of the task force's
recommendations.

THE BANKING INDUSTRY CONsiders it essential that steps be taken early in 1986 to
assist commercial banks and their agricultural borrowers in coping with the
accumulation of problem farm debt. The Independent Bankers Association of
America and the American Bankers Association met jointly in Dallas on Jan.
15-16, and, based on that meeting, will seek measures that can help to stabilize
the capital structure of agricultural banks and to assist individual
agricultural borrowers in managing their debt during this critical period.
Recognizing that agricultural banking can return to profitability only when the
agricultural economy is again profitable, the fundamental premise of these
proposed measures is that agriculture is experiencing massive change and bankers
and their agricultural borrowers need a reasonable period of time to adapt.

We will seek to implement such measures through regulatory action to the extent
that they can be carried out under existing law, and we will seek legislation
where existing law is inadequate. Our associations will pursue a plan of action
involving three main elements: 1) stabilization of bank capital; 2)
stabilization of agricultural borrowers; and 3) stabilization of farm real
estate values.  Stabilization of Bank Capital

The most immediate problem confronting agricultural banks is the impact on bank
capital of sudden and massive agricultural loan losses. In 1984, agricultural
production loan losses charged off by commercial banks totaled $900 million - an
increase from $436 million in 1983. Such charge offs for the first two quarters
of 1985 were $520 million, almost double the $280 million charged off in the
first two quarters of 1984.

These extraordinary chargeoffs are eroding the capital structure of many
agricultural banks as the loan losses are deducted from the banks' available
capital. As a bank's capital is reduced, both the total capacity of the bank to
extend credit and the size of individual loans that the bank can make are
correspondingly reduced. If a bank's capital falls below the minimum required by
the regulatory agencies, the bank is subject to enforcement actions which may
lead to closure.

The Farm Credit Act Amendments of 1985 (PL 99-205), signed by the President on
Dec. 23, 1985, was Congress' response to a similar problem in the Farm Credit
System. Faced with mounting agricultural loan losses, the Farm Credit System
requested federal backing to guarantee its continued access to capital in the
credit market. Congress and the administration responded to the Farm Credit
System's request for assistance with PL 99-205.

To keep agricultural banks open and to maintain their capacity to extend credit
to borrowers, we recommend that special measures be implemented to preserve the
capital structure of agricultural banks. Agricultural banks traditionally have
been well capitalized, but the persistent downturn in the farm economy since
1981 is severely pressuring the capital structure of hundreds of agricultural
banks. The farm economy will recover in time, providing a basis for greater
earnings and replenishment of the capital structure of agricultural banks. In
the meantime, we need special measures to prevent banks' capital from being
precipitously eroded by requirements that banks offset problem farm loan assets
whose market value has been reduced.

Our first priority as a means of preserving banks' capital is to change
regulatory accounting procedures and enable prudently managed banks to amortize
their loan losses over a multi-year period. Such a procedure is relatively
simple to administer, would assist a broad segment of banks and their borrowers,
and would entail no direct government cost.

Two other options that warrant considerations as ways to assist banks in
maintaining adequate capital during this stressed period in agriculture are:

* Regulator-assisted injections of capital into certain troubled banks.  (For
example, a qualifying agricultural bank might acquire additional capital from
the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. in the form of debt or equity.)

* Unfunded capital certificates similar to net worth or income capital
certificates currently used for certain thrift institutions.

Because of the potential impact on banks' capital, we shall also focus careful
attention on proposed changes to the Internal Revenue Code. For example, banks
can currently carry net operating losses back 10 years and obtain refunds for
taxes paid in those years, thereby increasing capital.  Proposed tax reform
legislation would change the carryback period to three years and any excess
losses would be carried forward. If this change were to become law, agricultural
banks now incurring net operating losses would lose some of their ability to
maintain an adequate level of capital.

We will work with the administration, the bank regulatory agencies, and the
Congress to obtain action early this year to relieve pressure on agricultural
banks' capital structure.

Stabilization of Borrowers' Debt

While we need action early this year to stem the erosion of agricultural banks'
capital accounts, we also need stabilization of agricultural borrowers' debt
situations and ability to cash-flow their debt. For that purpose, we recommend
further expansion of the Farmers Home Administration agricultural loan guarantee
programs and authority. In the current budgetary situation, the FmHA loan
guarantee program is the least costly means of stabilizing and extending
agricultural debt. In addition, expansion of the $490 million interest rate
buydown program included in the 1985 farm bill would provide major cash flow
assistance to agricultural borrowers at minimal direct cost.  We also need
clarification this year of the FmHA's preparedness to provide direct loans to
qualifying farmers who cannot be financed in full by commercial lenders.

Stabilization of Farm Real Estate Values

We seek the development of an institutional secondary market for longer-term
real estate loans originated by commercial banks. A secondary market would
provide access to additional funds and diversify the risks and returns from farm
lending. One option is to pool FmHA-guaranteed loans for resale as
mortgaged-backed securities to investors.

Proposals for warehousing of problem agricultural loans and/or acquired assets
also merit continued examination. Permitting banks to hold real estate assets
for a longer period of time also merits consideration. Stabilizing land values
is necessary to restoring health to the agricultural economy.

SECTION: RECOMMENDATIONS OF AGRICULTURAL CREDIT TASK FORCE; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1199 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1986 American Banker, Inc.


                             436 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    Hutchinson Herald (Menno, South Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 10, 2010

FSA seeks increased interest in farm loan programs

BYLINE: Hutchinson Herald staff

LENGTH: 451  words


Craig Schaunaman, State Executive Director of USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA)
in South Dakota announced today that the South Dakota FSA Farm Loan Program
Division has approved 1,385 loans to South Dakota family farmers and ranchers
for a total of $160.5 million in fiscal year 2010 beginning on October 1, 2009.

"FSA is pleased to report that 780 of the 1,385 total loans went to beginning
farmers and socially disadvantaged applicants for a total of

$60.9 million," said Schaunaman. This represents a 7.4 percent increase in total
loan volume and 16.4 percent increase in beginning farmer and socially
disadvantaged loan volume from fiscal year 2009. "The South Dakota FSA farm loan
staff has made a concerted effort to educate farmers and ranchers about the
benefits of FSA Farm Loan Programs." ' {

FSA provides direct and guaranteed loans to beginnMg8"rarMers and ranchers who
are unable to obtain financing from commercial credit sources. Each fiscal year,
the Agency targets a portion of its direct and guaranteed farm ownership (FO)
and operating loan (OL) funds to beginning farmers and ranchers. FSA also helps
established farmers who have suffered financial setbacks from natural disasters,
or whose resources are too limited to maintain profitable farming operations.

A beginning farmer or rancher1 rs an individual or entity who (1) has not
operated a farm or ranch for more than 10 years; (2) meets the loan eligibility
requirements of the program to which he/she is applying; (3) substantially
participates in the operation; and (4) for FO loan purposes, does not own a farm
greater than 30 percent of the median size farm in the county. (Note: all
applicants for direct FO loans must have participated in business-operation of a
farm for at least 3; years.) If the applicant is an entity,; all members must be
related by'

blood or marriage, and all stockholders in a corporation must be eligible
beginning farmers.

A socially disadvantaged (SDA) farmer, rancher, or agricultural producer is one
of a group whose members have been subjected to racial, ethnic, or gender
prejudice because of his or her identity as a member of the group without regard
to his or her individual qualities. SDA groups are women, African Americans,
American Indians, Alaskan Natives, Hispanics, Asian

Americans and Pacific Islanders.

Applications for all FSA direct loan programs are made through FSA local offices
and USDA Service Centers. Guaranteed loan applications are made with the lender.
In cases where a lender is not known to an applicant, local office personnel
will assist the applicant.

Additional information about FSA's Farm Loan Programs or any other FSA programs
may be found on the web at www.fsa.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HUT

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2010 Hutchinson Herald


                             437 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               February 12, 2017

                          BANERJEE ANESTHETIC LIMITED

                             FLEMINGS FARM COTTAGES
                               FLEMINGS FARM ROAD
                                  LEIGH-ON-SEA
                              LEIGH-ON-SEA SS9 5QT


TRADE ADDRESS: Flemings Farm Cottage S Flemings Farm Road, LEIGH-ON-SEA SS9 5QT

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 07853969

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: November 21, 2011
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Dr Arnab Banerjee, Medical Doctor


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Specialists medical practice activities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
86220

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: November 30, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: November 30

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  November 30, 2015
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  November 26, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  November 21, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  5,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           30/11/201 30/11/201 30/11/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                1,182         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                             1,182         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                         111,914    66,022         1
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         0         0
Other Current Assets                         111,914    66,022         1
Total Current Assets                         111,914    66,022         1
Fixed Assets                                   1,182         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 113,096    66,022         1



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           30/11/201 30/11/201 30/11/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities             13,487    10,523         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                     13,487    10,523         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                   29,906    28,454         -
Total Current Liabilities                     13,487    10,523         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                   29,906    28,454         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                             43,393    38,977         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 1         1         1
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                 69,702    27,044         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                             69,703    27,045         1
Called Up Share Capital                            1         1         1
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                    99,609    55,499         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   30/11/201 30/11/201 30/11/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed      99,609    55,499         1
Net Worth             69,703    27,045         1
Working Capital       98,427    55,499         1
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2   3 Years   5 Years
                    Years
                      GBP       GBP       GBP
Sales                   -         -         -
Pretax                  -         -         -
Total Assets         71.3 11,309,50 11,309,50
                                  0         0
Current Assets      69.51 11,191,30 11,191,30
                                  0         0
Current             28.17         -         -
Liabilities
Capital Employed    79.48 9,960,800 9,960,800
Employee Wages          -         -         -
Number of               -         -         -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 59,025 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
85100 Human health activities



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -2.76     9.78    72.91
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -3.69     6.88    55.73
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -3.38     8.13    29.82
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              69.68    162.5      350
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       15.46        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .83     1.25     2.67
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            16,395.8 22,331.0 30,883.9
                                                          2        7        1
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  12,712.1 16,193.3 22,333.3
                                                          2        3        3
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  22,617.8 32,446.4   53,400
                                                                   3
Wages / Turnover (%)                                   61.4    51.31       32



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  2
=        3
Year -1  7
=        2
Year -2  6
=        8
Year -3  8
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                0/11/201 30/11/201 30/11/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                 8.3      6.27         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                   8.3      6.27         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.62      0.41         1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 99,609

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2017


                             438 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                January 17, 2017

                  ICKHAM COURT FARM MANAGEMENT COMPANY LIMITED

                                 THE PARSONAGE
                              7 ICKHAM COURT FARM
                               ICKHAM CANTERBURY
                               CANTERBURY CT3 1QQ


TRADE ADDRESS: The Parsonage 7 Ickham Court Farm, CANTERBURY CT3 1QQ

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 04637035

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: January 14, 2003
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Jennifer Frances Hampshire, Travel Agent
     ·    Mrs Angela Louise Rush, Housewife
     ·    Mr Gary Stephen Rush, It Manager


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Management of real estate on a fee or contract basis
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited company without share capital::Private Limited
company without share capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68320

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: January 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: January 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  January 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Dormant
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  October 1, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  January 14, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  12,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/01/201 31/01/201 31/01/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       -         -         -
Other Current Assets                               -         -         -
Total Current Assets                               -         -         -
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                       0         0         0



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/01/201 31/01/201 31/01/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/01/201 31/01/201 31/01/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed           0         0         0
Net Worth                  0         0         0
Working Capital            -         -         -
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0      0      0
Current Assets          -      -      -
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      0      0
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 27,873 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
70320 Management of real estate on a fee or contract
basis



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     6.52       25
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0      .55    16.22
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0     1.98       20
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              44.56    89.16   165.42
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       52.87        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                     .8     1.13     2.81
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            27,964.2 51,071.8   86,397
                                                          7        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  15,348.8 25,915.8 41,333.3
                                                          9        1        3
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                     8,000   31,000 107,634.
                                                                            8
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  47.43    31.17    12.92



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  5
=        4
Year -1  5
=        4
Year -2  9
=        7
Year -3  9
=        7

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/01/201 31/01/201 31/01/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      -         -         -
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 0         0         0
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               0         0         0
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              0         0         0
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2017


                             439 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                January 10, 2017

                            VESTBROWN (ESPL) LIMITED

                                    THE FARM
                                     HOUSE
                       HEDLEY HILL FARM CORNSAY COLLIERY
                                 DURHAM DH7 9EX


TRADE ADDRESS: The Farm House Hedley Hill Farm Cornsay Collier, DURHAM DH7 9EX

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 07821858

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: October 25, 2011
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name              Turnove
No.                                             r
08324354        ESH SPACE LAND LIMITED          0
06099215        ESH SPACE THE PARK              0
                LIMITED
-               -                               -
-               -                               -
-               -                               -
-               -                               -
-               -                               -
-               -                               -
-               -                               -
-               -                               -

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Michael Francis Hogan, Director
     ·    Mrs Mary Rita Hogan, Director
     ·    Mr Michael Christopher Hogan, Company Director
     ·    Marie Elizabeth Mcquaid, Company Director


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    Marie ElizabethMcquaid


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Development of building projects
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
41100

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  August 11, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  October 25, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  18,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                  225       225       225
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                               225       225       225
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                 780,200   373,500         -
Other Current Assets                         780,200   373,500         -
Total Current Assets                         780,200   373,500         -
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                              225       225       225
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 780,425   373,725       225



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                 83        83        83
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                         83        83        83
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                         83        83        83
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                 83        83        83
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry               142       142       142
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                780,200   373,500         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                            780,342   373,642       142
Called Up Share Capital                          142       142       142
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                   780,342   373,642       142


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed     780,342   373,642       142
Net Worth            780,342   373,642       142
Working Capital      780,117   373,417       -83
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2  3 Years  5 Years
                    Years
                      GBP      GBP      GBP
Sales                   -        -        -
Pretax                  -        -        -
Total Assets       108.82 346,755. 549,495.
                                 6        1
Current Assets     108.89        -        -
Current                 0        0        -
Liabilities
Capital Employed   108.85 549,436. 549,436.
                                 6        6
Employee Wages          -        -        -
Number of               -        -        -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 38,858 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
70110 Development and selling of real estate



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     3.62    16.84
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -.82     1.38     8.35
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0    19.97    97.01
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               2.09    11.14    86.17
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       57.29     1.87        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .49     1.02     2.33
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            36,804.6 93,639.4 252,786.
                                                          1        9        4
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    20,650 33,331.4   54,600
                                                                   9
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                       500   14,000 320,104.
                                                                            1
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  24.27    10.59     5.03



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  8
=        8
Year -1  5
=        8
Year -2  9
=        8
Year -3  9
=        7

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities               9,400     4,500         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                 9,400     4,500         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      1         1      0.63
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 780,342

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2017


                             440 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 7, 2017

                               DALE FARM LIMITED

                                DALE FARM HOUSE
                                 15 DARGAN ROAD
                                    BELFAST
                                BELFAST BT3 9LS


TRADE ADDRESS: Dale Farm House, BELFAST BT3 9LS

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 02890372200
FAX: 02890372222
URL: www.utdni.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: NI025356

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: March 14, 1991
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 793

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  UNITED DAIRY FARMERS LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  UNITED DAIRY FARMERS LIMITED



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name                      Turnover
No.
SC219391        ROWAN GLEN DAIRY PRODUCTS        1,477,000
                LIMITED
NI626182        FIVEMILETOWN CREAMERY LIMITED            0
NI626181        FIVEMILETOWN CHEESE LIMITED              0
NI048022        HALIB FOODS LIMITED                      0
NI042476        DALE FARM DAIRY GROUP LIMITED            0
NI042473        DROMONA QUALITY FOODS LIMITED            0
NI042464        DALE FARM FOODS LIMITED                  0
NI042407        DALE FARM DAIRY PRODUCTS LIMITED    96,130
NI039269        DALE FARM DAIRIES LIMITED        60,447,47
                                                         4
NI035602        DALE FARM ICE CREAM LIMITED      5,561,000

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mnr Stephen Leigh Kingon, Accountant
     ·    Mr John Herbert Scott Dunlop, Farmer
     ·    Miss Helen Kirkpatrick, Chartered Accountant
     ·    Mr Fred Allen, Farmer


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    MrMichael AnthonyDawson


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: 938319 Liquid milk and cream production
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated HCO

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
10511
10512
10519

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Group
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  December 6, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  February 8, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  6,720,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            57,637,00 60,339,00 61,641,00
                                                   0         0         0
Intangible Assets                          4,709,000 5,402,000 5,411,000
Total Fixed Assets                         62,346,00 65,741,00 67,052,00
                                                   0         0         0
Stocks                                     50,182,00 51,113,00 53,537,00
                                                   0         0         0
Debtors                                    44,892,00 48,134,00 39,981,00
                                                   0         0         0
Cash                                       5,086,000 1,998,000 1,766,000
Miscellaneous Current Assets               16,505,00 2,680,000   919,000
                                                   0
Other Current Assets                       21,591,00 4,678,000 2,685,000
                                                   0
Total Current Assets                       116,665,0 103,925,0 96,203,00
                                                  00        00         0
Fixed Assets                               57,637,00 60,339,00 61,641,00
                                                   0         0         0
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                    15,240,00   142,000   181,000
                                                   0
TOTAL ASSETS                               179,011,0 169,666,0 163,255,0
                                                  00        00        00



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                  21,544,00 35,482,00 21,336,00
                                                   0         0         0
Bank Overdraft                             51,938,00 54,197,00 25,905,00
                                                   0         0         0
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities          30,753,00 7,778,000 40,652,00
                                                   0                   0
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                   24,659,00    15,000 33,229,00
                                                   0                   0
Due To Group, Current                      24,644,00         - 33,199,00
                                                   0                   0
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                  6,094,000 7,763,000 7,423,000
Short Term Loans                           76,597,00 54,212,00 59,134,00
                                                   0         0         0
Long Term Loans                            31,442,00 32,179,00 32,624,00
                                                   0         0         0
Long Term Bank Loan                        17,442,00 18,179,00 18,603,00
                                                   0         0         0
Other Long Term Finance                    14,000,00 14,000,00 14,021,00
                                                   0         0         0
Due To Group, Non Current                  14,000,00 14,000,00 14,000,00
                                                   0         0         0
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                7,442,000 3,170,000 10,448,00
                                                                       0
Total Current Liabilities                  104,235,0 97,457,00 87,893,00
                                                  00         0         0
Total Long Term Liabilities                38,884,00 35,349,00 43,072,00
                                                   0         0         0
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          143,119,0 132,806,0 130,965,0
                                                  00        00        00
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry         1,000,000 5,895,000 1,000,000
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve              34,892,00 30,965,00 31,290,00
                                                   0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                          35,892,00 36,860,00 32,290,00
                                                   0         0         0
Called Up Share Capital                    1,000,000 1,000,000 1,000,000
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 - 4,895,000         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -  82000000  63000000
NET ASSETS                                 74,776,00 72,209,00 75,362,00
                                                   0         0         0


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/2016 31/03/2015 31/03/2014
                          GBP        GBP        GBP
Total Sales        303,697,00 320,067,00 292,835,00
                            0          0          0
Cost of Sales      269,981,00 294,261,00 265,058,00
                            0          0          0
Gross Profit       33,716,000 25,806,000 27,777,000
Operating Profit    7,618,000  2,152,000  5,207,000
Export                      -          -          -
Nontrading Income      77,000      -4000      -8000
Interest Payable    2,144,000  1,687,000  1,048,000
Pretax Profit       5,273,000     10,000  4,007,000
Taxation              988,000    292,000    250,000
Profit After Tax    4,285,000    -282000  3,757,000
Dividends Payable           0          0          0
Retained Profits    4,285,000    -282000  3,757,000
Value Added        35,941,000 28,963,000 27,976,000
Capital Employed   74,776,000 72,209,000 75,362,000
Net Worth          31,183,000 31,458,000 26,879,000
Working Capital    12,430,000  6,468,000  8,310,000
Emp. Renumeration  22,417,000 20,995,000 18,096,000
Dir. Renumeration      23,000     23,000     23,000
Audit Fees             30,000     55,000     47,000
Non-audit Fees          3,000     50,000     15,000
Depreciation        5,906,000  5,816,000  4,673,000
Number of                 793        701        657
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales               -5.11   3.71  33.37
Pretax             52,630  31.59 369.96
Total Assets         5.51   9.65  57.18
Current Assets      12.26  21.27  98.95
Current              6.95  18.59  96.44
Liabilities
Capital Employed     3.55  -0.78  22.92
Employee Wages       6.77  23.88  28.45
Number of           13.12   20.7  32.61
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 1,233 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
51390 Non specialised wholesale of food, beverages and
tobacco



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   5.25    14.16    28.12
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       2.29     6.25    12.62
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                .8     2.15     4.05
Sales / Total Assets (%)                             212.72   294.56   398.71
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       47.65    31.45    15.38
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .93     1.22     1.89
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            28,654.7 38,619.2 57,135.6
                                                          8        1        5
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  19,497.4 25,333.3 31,636.3
                                                          4        3        6
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  203,045. 334,143. 720,483.
                                                          2        2        2
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  11.38     7.19     3.42



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  56
=
Year -1  56
=
Year -2  76
=
Year -3  10
=         0

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                7.05      0.01      5.32
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                          2.95      0.01      2.45
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)             14.69      0.03     12.41
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                           1.74         0      1.37
Sales / Total Assets (%)                          169.65    188.65    179.37
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                            5.27       5.3      4.75
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                         4.09      2.02      2.84
Sales / Stocks                                      6.05      6.26      5.47
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )     53.95     54.89     49.83
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.12      1.07      1.09
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.64      0.54      0.49
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                        346.47    274.62    341.37
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                    0.2      0.22       0.2
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                    100.83    102.29    121.37
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                 31.47     99.53     22.93
Current Liabilities / Stocks                        2.08      1.91      1.64
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees     28,268.6 29,950.07 27,543.38
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                   7.38      6.56      6.18
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)       6,649.43     14.27  6,098.93
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)               382,972. 456,586.3 445,715.4
                                                       3
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees          94,295.0 103,008.6 114,706.2
                                                       8
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        72,682.2 86,075.61 93,821.92
                                                       2
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)         225,739 242,034.2 248,485.5
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                    14.67      0.03     14.32
Value Added / Sales (%)                            11.83      9.05      9.55
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)         45,322.8 41,316.69 42,581.43
                                                       2
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                  1.6      1.38      1.55
Sales / Audit Fees                              10,123.2   5,819.4  6,230.53
                                                       3
Total Assets / Audit Fees                       5,967.03  3,084.84  3,473.51
Creditors / Debtors                                 0.48      0.74      0.53
Total Debt / Working Capital                        8.69     13.36     11.04
Total Debt / Total Assets                            0.6      0.51      0.56

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 74,776,000

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Ernst & Young LLP

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2017


                             441 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                January 20, 2017

                           BOUGHTON FISHERIES LIMITED

                              BOUGHTON BOTTOM FARM
                                     HOUSE
                                LOWER FARM ROAD
                               MAIDSTONE ME17 4DD


TRADE ADDRESS: Boughton Bottom Farm Lower Farm Road, MAIDSTONE ME17 4DD

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01622743344

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 07455909

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: December 1, 2010
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Nigel Gough, Director


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Fishing
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
03100

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  February 17, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  December 1, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  16,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               1         1         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         0         1
Other Current Assets                               1         1         1
Total Current Assets                               1         1         1
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                       1         1         1



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 1         1         1
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                  1         1         1
Called Up Share Capital                            1         1         1
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed           1         1         1
Net Worth                  1         1         1
Working Capital            1         1         1
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0      0      0
Current Assets          0      0      0
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      0      0
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 2,046 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
05000 Fishing, operation of fish hatcheries and fish
farms; service activities incidental to fishing



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0    17.78    71.67
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                         -1    13.01    74.23
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0    19.48       75
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              30.77      100   221.57
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x           0        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .32        1     2.46
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -        -        -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  16,607.1 26,639.3   35,750
                                                          4        5
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    28,500 69,319.6 250,345.
                                                                   7        8
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  47.32    26.13     9.47



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  7
=        7
Year -1  7
=        7
Year -2  8
=        0
Year -3  7
=        6

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      1         1         1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: A4G LLP

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2017


                             442 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The New Nation (Bangladesh)

                             May 29, 2013 Wednesday

Bribery for farm loans, May 29

LENGTH: 337 words

DATELINE: Dhaka


Dhaka, May 29 -- ACCORDING to press reports, a section of Krishi Bank officials
is taking bribes in return for providing agricultural loans to poor farmers for
cultivation of their land. Despite the government's directive to ensure
corruption-free disbursement of 'farm loans', farmers are not getting loans in a
fair way. Some bank officials and employees in connivance with middlemen are
collecting their tips of Taka 100 to 200 as 'bribe' for a loan of Tk 1,000 only
as reported. In fact, such meagre amount of loans are given only to those who
can satisfy the corrupt section of bank employees.

The government's much avowed agricultural loan is being disbursed by the banks
rather whimsically and not necessarily to the farmers for cultivating their
lands. Non-farmers are also drawing 'farm loans' by giving bribe to the bank
employees for doing business as farmers of a nearby district alleged. As alleged
the bank employees even do not honour the lists given by the 'block supervisor'
of the Department of Agricultural Extension for rice cultivation for
disbursement of loans as any one can have it provided if one pays bribe money
fixed through brokers.

The government as a whole appears not to be serious about proper disbursement of
farm loan among farmers as they being poor usually have to borrow money during
lean seasons for cultivation of different crops including 'Boro' and 'Aman'
paddy. Lack of regular monitoring and supervision by the central bank and other
concerned authorities is

responsible for creating such loopholes and breeding corruption in the
disbursement of the farm loan. Both public and private commercial banks
operating in the country are lagging in disbursing farm loans though the
Bangladesh Bank asked them to disburse at least 2.5 per cent of their credit and
advances for agriculture. Published by HT Syndication with permission from The
New Nation. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The New Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             443 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               February 16, 2017

                              SMALL WASTE LIMITED

                               ULTING GROVE FARM
                               ASHFIELD FARM ROAD
                                     ULTING
                                 MALDON CM9 6QP


TRADE ADDRESS: Ulting Grove Farm Ashfield Farm, MALDON CM9 6QP

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01621772442
URL: www.smallwaste.co.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 07615499

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: April 27, 2011
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Robert Smith, Director


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Combined office administrative service activities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
82110

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: April 30, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: April 30

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  April 30, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Dormant
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  January 12, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  April 27, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  15,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           30/04/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       1         1         1
Other Current Assets                               1         1         1
Total Current Assets                               1         1         1
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                       1         1         1



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           30/04/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 1         1         1
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                  1         1         1
Called Up Share Capital                            1         1         1
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   30/04/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed           1         1         1
Net Worth                  1         1         1
Working Capital            1         1         1
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0      0      0
Current Assets          0      0      0
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      0      0
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 5,947 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
74830 Secretarial and translation activities



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0    14.45    78.87
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0     4.81    31.64
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0     4.34    21.66
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              78.03   170.42   350.27
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       32.56        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .77     1.07        2
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            29,873.4 49,967.8 80,283.5
                                                          7        7        6
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  19,819.3 32,688.2 53,702.7
                                                          1        6
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  45,528.8 86,932.8 159,424.
                                                          5        9        2
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  53.78    41.39    23.54



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  6
=        6
Year -1  6
=        6
Year -2  7
=        1
Year -3  7
=        1

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                0/04/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      1         1         1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2017


                             444 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2016 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               December 29, 2016

                          SOUTH WESTERN ENERGY LIMITED

                                    UNIT 13
                              51 VILLAGE FARM ROAD
                      VILLAGE FARM INDUSTRIAL ESTATE,PYLE
                               BRIDGEND CF33 6BL


TRADE ADDRESS: Unit 13 51 Village Farm Road Village Farm Industrial Estate,p,
BRIDGEND CF33 6BL

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01656743800

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 08019159

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: April 4, 2012
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  TRANSGAS LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  TRANSGAS LIMITED

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Gerwyn Llewellyn Williams, Consultant Engineer


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    Shelagh RoseWilliams


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 30, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: December 30

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 30, 2015
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  December 19, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  April 4, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           30/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               1         1         1
Miscellaneous Current Assets                     570       520         0
Other Current Assets                             571       521         1
Total Current Assets                             571       521         1
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                     571       521         1



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           30/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities             11,074     9,137         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                     11,074     9,137         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -        13
Total Current Liabilities                     11,074     9,137         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -        13
TOTAL LIABILITIES                             11,074     9,137        13
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 1         1         1
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                 -10504     -8617       -13
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                             -10503     -8616       -12
Called Up Share Capital                            1         1         1
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                    -10503     -8616         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   30/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed      -10503     -8616         1
Net Worth             -10503     -8616       -12
Working Capital       -10503     -8616         1
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2 3 Years 5 Years
                    Years
                      GBP     GBP     GBP
Sales                   -       -       -
Pretax                  -       -       -
Total Assets          9.6  57,000  57,000
Current Assets        9.6  57,000  57,000
Current              21.2       -       -
Liabilities
Capital Employed     21.9 -105040 -105040
                                0       0
Employee Wages          -       -       -
Number of               -       -       -
Employees



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  1
=        5
Year -1  3
=        0
Year -2  5
=        6
Year -3  8
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                0/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                0.05      0.06         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.05      0.06         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                 -18.39    -16.54       -12
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP -10503

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2017


                             445 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Idaho Business Review (Boise, ID)

                            March 26, 2014 Wednesday

Good farming years bring stability to farm banks in Idaho

BYLINE: Brad Iverson-Long

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 838  words


Farm banks in Idaho, like those across the U.S., had a strong 2013 and expect to
fare well in 2014.

The 2013 Farm Bank Performance Report from the American Bankers Association
showed that farm banks across the country provided almost $150 billion in loans
last year, with banks' lending, asset quality and employment all increasing.
Farm banks in the 11 western states increased farm loans by 10 percent and saw
profits rise by 0.44 percentage points to a 7.95 percent median return on
equity.

The ABA definition of farm banks includes any banks with farm lending that tops
14.4 percent of a bank's total loans. Idaho has six such banks, most of which
are headquartered in southern or southeast Boise, from Farmers National Bank in
Buhl to Ireland Bank in Malad City. D.L. Evans Bank, based in Burley, has
locations in southwest Idaho, and Panhandle State Bank has branches in northern
Idaho, as well as the Treasure Valley and Magic Valley.

D.L. Evans President John Evans, Jr. said farm banks' success is due in large
part to the fact that Idaho farmers have had a run of good years.

"If you could get your crop out and you had adequate water, most of the farmers
made good money the past few years," he said.

The success in agriculture and other areas is helping D.L. Evans grow. D.L.
Evans has finished its new headquarters in Burley and Evans said the bank will
soon announce plans for new branches, likely in the Treasure Valley and eastern
Idaho.

In recent years, Idaho farmers have seen solid prices for many of the state's
crops, including dairy, cattle, sugar beets and potatoes, as well as sufficient
water and a lack of widespread natural disasters or crop disease. The water
outlook for 2014, after several late-winter storms that added to projected water
levels, is looking good for farmers and their lenders.

"In talking with our farmers this year, we were worried about water, but it
looks like we're going to squeak through," said Park Price, president and CEO of
Bank of Idaho in Idaho Falls. He added that more rainfall would always be nice.
"We'd like more because we're not recharging the aquifer like we'd like. "

Prices are also expected to remain strong for dairy, which has grown in recent
years. Idaho is now one of the top four dairy producing states.

"2014 dairy looks better than in a long time," said John Blanchfield, a senior
vice president for the ABA who runs its Center for Agricultural and Rural
Banking. He said feed prices for dairy cows are projected to be low, while
demand, both from Idaho milk processors and international buyers, remains
strong.

"Idaho dairies, I think, are positioned to enjoy a very good year," he said.

The good years for agriculture have freed some farmers from the need for bank
loans to finance their regular farm production. Mike Hamilton, president of
Farmers National Bank, said that's led to lower loan volumes.

"The farmers are profitable and they're operating on their own money," he said.
"We're happy that farmers have had profitable years for the last five or six
years. "

Banks can survive the softened demand.

"It's okay for us. The goal for us is to be a resource for farmers to their
budget needs," Price said. "It's healthy for them and we'll be fine in the long
run. "

Blanchfield said that nationally loans have increased, though the good
conditions for farmers have weakened loan demand. He said that demand could come
back if farmers have a down year soon, especially because farmers may be paying
off loans on long-term assets that they could refinance if they run into
cashflow issues.

"Farmers and small business people tend to mismatch their credit with what
they're acquiring," he said. "They're very debt-adverse, so they tend to finance
short ... A lot of short-term operating-type credit has probably been used to
finance assets that probably should be financed over the long term. "

Blanchfield said farm banks, in the midst of several strong years, can take a
number of strategic steps, including D.L. Evans' expansion plan. He also said
that staff who specialize in agricultural lending are becoming a hot commodity
for banks.

"Experienced ag lenders are at a premium. There's a lot of inter-bank poaching
going on, with people trying to find the best ag lenders," he said. "There are a
lot of banks looking high and wide for them. "

He also said that banks can look to provide other financial services to farmers,
including trust and estate planning.

"To a certain extent, agricultural loans by a bank are a gateway to the other
products that the bank has," he said.

Price said the farmers he's talked to know that good years won't last forever
and are planning for lean years that will eventually come.

"At some point, we're not going to be this lucky," Price said. He also said
farmers are being smarter about their long-term planning. "They're all being a
little more cautious, which I think is a great thing. "

http://www.idahobusinessreview.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more
from this resource.

© 2014 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             446 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 8, 2017

                           PENYCOED FARMS LEISURE LTD

                         PENYCOED FARM, LLANGYNIN ROAD
                                   ST. CLEARS
                                   CARMARTHEN
                              CARMARTHEN SA33 4JR


TRADE ADDRESS: Penycoed Farm, Llangynin Road St. Clears, CARMARTHEN SA33 4JR

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01994231516

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 05772619

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: April 6, 2006
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  PENYCOED FARMS LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  PENYCOED FARMS LIMITED

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Dyfrig John Davies, Farmer
     ·    Mrs Gwawr Sioned Davies, Hotelier
     ·    Mrs Elizabeth Ruth Davies, Housewife Farmer


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Fitness facilities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
93130

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: April 30, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: April 30

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  April 30, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  August 12, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  April 6, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  34,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           30/04/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                              504,376   513,262   519,627
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                           504,376   513,262   519,627
Stocks                                           200       200       200
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                          13,071    10,513    15,263
Miscellaneous Current Assets                   2,190     4,340     4,980
Other Current Assets                          15,261    14,853    20,243
Total Current Assets                          15,461    15,053    20,443
Fixed Assets                                 504,376   513,262   519,627
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 519,837   528,315   540,070



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           30/04/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities             50,896    14,278    16,937
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                     50,896    14,278    16,937
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                  380,030   438,031   471,758
Total Current Liabilities                     50,896    14,278    16,937
Total Long Term Liabilities                  380,030   438,031   471,758
TOTAL LIABILITIES                            430,926   452,309   488,695
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 2         2         2
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                 88,909    76,004    51,373
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                             88,911    76,006    51,375
Called Up Share Capital                            2         2         2
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                   468,941   514,037   523,133


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   30/04/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed     468,941   514,037   523,133
Net Worth             88,911    76,006    51,375
Working Capital       -35435       775     3,506
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets         -1.6  -3.75   -3.3
Current Assets       2.71 -24.37  25.16
Current            256.46  200.5 562.45
Liabilities
Capital Employed    -8.77 -10.36 -11.51
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 15,375 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
92629 Other sporting activities not elsewhere
classified



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -1.26     4.05    21.21
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -2.79     2.04    13.38
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -3.01     2.23    15.13
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              48.68    105.7   255.56
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        8.32        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .31        1     1.81
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            22,385.2 37,485.7 68,194.5
                                                          5                 3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  11,340.2 20,173.9 43,253.1
                                                          1        1        6
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  26,207.1 52,902.0 121,853.
                                                          4        6        5
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  55.02       40    26.66



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  9
=        6
Year -1  9
=        5
Year -2  8
=        3
Year -3  9
=        1

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                0/04/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                 0.3      1.05      1.21
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                   0.3      1.04       1.2
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.17      0.14       0.1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                      254.48     71.39     84.69
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 468,941

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2017


                             447 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2016 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               December 24, 2016

                           BIRCH FARM COMPLEX LIMITED

                                   BIRCH FARM
                                   HINTLESHAM
                                    IPSWICH
                                IPSWICH IP8 3NJ


TRADE ADDRESS: Birch Farm Hintlesham, IPSWICH IP8 3NJ

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01473652249
URL: www.birchfarm.co.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 06453327

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: December 14, 2007
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  BIRCH FARM (HOLDINGS) LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  BIRCH FARM (HOLDINGS) LIMITED

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Darren Paul Shakespeare, Company Director
     ·    Mrs Mini Marie Dawn Shakespeare, Company Director


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Primary education
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
85200 - Veterinary activities

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  December 12, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  December 14, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  17,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                               28,884    32,227    37,256
Intangible Assets                            193,875   210,375   226,875
Total Fixed Assets                           222,759   242,602   264,131
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                          18,132     2,735         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                  72,661    55,854    30,619
Other Current Assets                          90,793    58,589    30,619
Total Current Assets                          90,793    58,589    30,619
Fixed Assets                                  28,884    32,227    37,256
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 313,552   301,191   294,750



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            227,710   193,414   250,836
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                    227,710   193,414   250,836
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                   61,424    85,359    12,718
Total Current Liabilities                    227,710   193,414   250,836
Total Long Term Liabilities                   61,424    85,359    12,718
TOTAL LIABILITIES                            289,134   278,773   263,554
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry               100       100       100
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                 24,318    22,318    31,096
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                             24,418    22,418    31,196
Called Up Share Capital                          100       100       100
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                    85,842   107,777    43,914


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed      85,842   107,777    43,914
Net Worth            -169457   -187957   -195679
Working Capital      -136917   -134825   -220217
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets          4.1   6.38 -14.58
Current Assets      54.97 196.53  13.89
Current             17.73  -9.22 137.56
Liabilities
Capital Employed   -20.35  95.48 -68.35
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 7,568 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
80100 Primary education



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -.62     5.29    23.92
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                         -1     4.25    17.44
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -1.54     4.76     14.3
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              56.19    95.96   183.11
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x         3.1        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .62     1.41     3.13
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            26,420.6 32,539.8 46,504.5
                                                          8        9        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  15,585.7 22,666.6 26,253.7
                                                          1        7        3
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  25,937.5 43,098.4 58,565.8
                                                                   8        4
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  65.02    56.13    46.61



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  7
=        9
Year -1  8
=        3
Year -2  7
=        4
Year -3  7
=        4

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                 0.4       0.3      0.12
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                   0.4       0.3      0.12
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.08      0.07      0.11
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 85,842

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Richard Edwards Group LLP

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2016


                             448 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             March 4, 1999 Thursday

BYLINE: John MacDonald

LENGTH: 564 words


FARGO (AP) -- At the First State Bank of Arthur, vice president Brian Strommen
hasn't relied on a farmer's equipment or land as collateral for an operating
loan since the 1980s. That changed this year. At the Goose River Bank 40 miles
away in Hillsboro, branch president Curt Kaufman also is letting farmers put up
tractors or tracts of land as collateral for farm loans -- again for the first
time in more than a decade. ""We've taken the approach that we're going to work
with our borrowers as much as possible to get through what we hope is a
short-term problem,'' Kaufman said. ""For many, an equity loan like this has
become the only option.'' With no rebound in sight for small grain prices, a
growing number of farmers cannot show lenders they will make money this year.

Without a projected positive cash flow, most lenders -- even the federal Farm
Service Agency -- can't approve traditional operating loans, which rely on the
income made from the crop to repay the loan. It has led bankers like Kaufman and
Strommen to revisit ""equity-based'' loans, where farmers agree to put up the
equity they have in land or machinery for additional cash to operate another
year. Last year, Strommen didn't have a single such loan out with a farmer. This
year, he estimates equity loans make up half his lending portfolio with farmers.
In Hillsboro, Kaufman said about one-third of his loans to farmers this year
involve collateral up front. Farm equity loans have a bitter history in the
Midwest. They were commonplace in the 1980s, but both banks and farmers paid
dearly when the loans went bad. Inflated land values at the time the loans were
taken out plummeted by the time banks came collecting. By then, the land they
held as collateral was virtually worthless. But lenders today say the conditions
that led to those problems are gone, and they are comfortable issuing equity
loans again -- but only as a short-term solution. ""As long as you look at this
as temporary, then it doesn't necessarily concern me,'' Kaufman said. ""I think
everyone recognizes that positive cash flows simply aren't going to be there for
a lot of farmers this year, and they need another temporary option for loans.''
""In the 1980s, we were in a period of significant inflation, the value of real
estate was out of line,'' added Strommen, who also is chairman of the North
Dakota Bankers Association's agriculture committee. ""Today, that's not the
case, and I think lenders and farmers realize that.'' Equity loans, Strommen
said, are an option his bank extends to producers who believe they have enough
capital to survive in the long term, even if they can't show a positive cash
flow for the coming year. ""When we sit down and do the loan interview, we look
at where the farmers are at today financially, what the obligations are going to
be for the coming year and then we lay out the options,'' Strommen said. ""For
some, an equity loan is an option.'' Roger Monson, president of Citizen State
Bank of Finley and president of the state Bankers Association, said he, too, is
approving equity loans to some farmers this year. ""We're comfortable with it,''
he said. ""This time around, lenders and borrowers both are very aware of the
risks of collateral lending, or equity lending. We all view it probably more as
a stopgap measure and recognize that this is not something we can do
indefinitely.''

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1999 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             449 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             March 4, 1999 Thursday

BYLINE: John MacDonald

LENGTH: 564 words


FARGO (AP) -- At the First State Bank of Arthur, vice president Brian Strommen
hasn't relied on a farmer's equipment or land as collateral for an operating
loan since the 1980s. That changed this year. At the Goose River Bank 40 miles
away in Hillsboro, branch president Curt Kaufman also is letting farmers put up
tractors or tracts of land as collateral for farm loans -- again for the first
time in more than a decade. ""We've taken the approach that we're going to work
with our borrowers as much as possible to get through what we hope is a
short-term problem,'' Kaufman said. ""For many, an equity loan like this has
become the only option.'' With no rebound in sight for small grain prices, a
growing number of farmers cannot show lenders they will make money this year.

Without a projected positive cash flow, most lenders -- even the federal Farm
Service Agency -- can't approve traditional operating loans, which rely on the
income made from the crop to repay the loan. It has led bankers like Kaufman and
Strommen to revisit ""equity-based'' loans, where farmers agree to put up the
equity they have in land or machinery for additional cash to operate another
year. Last year, Strommen didn't have a single such loan out with a farmer. This
year, he estimates equity loans make up half his lending portfolio with farmers.
In Hillsboro, Kaufman said about one-third of his loans to farmers this year
involve collateral up front. Farm equity loans have a bitter history in the
Midwest. They were commonplace in the 1980s, but both banks and farmers paid
dearly when the loans went bad. Inflated land values at the time the loans were
taken out plummeted by the time banks came collecting. By then, the land they
held as collateral was virtually worthless. But lenders today say the conditions
that led to those problems are gone, and they are comfortable issuing equity
loans again -- but only as a short-term solution. ""As long as you look at this
as temporary, then it doesn't necessarily concern me,'' Kaufman said. ""I think
everyone recognizes that positive cash flows simply aren't going to be there for
a lot of farmers this year, and they need another temporary option for loans.''
""In the 1980s, we were in a period of significant inflation, the value of real
estate was out of line,'' added Strommen, who also is chairman of the North
Dakota Bankers Association's agriculture committee. ""Today, that's not the
case, and I think lenders and farmers realize that.'' Equity loans, Strommen
said, are an option his bank extends to producers who believe they have enough
capital to survive in the long term, even if they can't show a positive cash
flow for the coming year. ""When we sit down and do the loan interview, we look
at where the farmers are at today financially, what the obligations are going to
be for the coming year and then we lay out the options,'' Strommen said. ""For
some, an equity loan is an option.'' Roger Monson, president of Citizen State
Bank of Finley and president of the state Bankers Association, said he, too, is
approving equity loans to some farmers this year. ""We're comfortable with it,''
he said. ""This time around, lenders and borrowers both are very aware of the
risks of collateral lending, or equity lending. We all view it probably more as
a stopgap measure and recognize that this is not something we can do
indefinitely.''

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1999 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             450 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                The Pocahontas Times (Marlinton, West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 12, 2009

USDA provides $16.8 million in loans to state farmers

BYLINE: The Pocahontas Times staff

LENGTH: 302  words


Dale S Dugan Jr, Farm Loan Manager for USDA/Farm Service Agency (FSA) in
Lewisburg recently announced that the Agency provided $16.8 million in direct
and guaranteed loans to 395 family farmers in West Virginia during FY 2009. This
has been a record setting year for number of loans made and dollars loaned. The
Lewisburg office made a total of 57 loans totaling $4.2 million.

This funding included more than $1.18 million in direct loans for 64 Socially
Disadvantaged (SDA) borrowers and $5.7 million in loans for 126 beginning
farmers. For purposes of this program, socially disadvantaged groups include
women, African Americans, American Indians, Alaskan Natives, Hispanics, Asian
Americans and Pacific Islanders. Beginning farmers include those that have
farmed less than 10 years. Remaining $10 million loaned to non-beginning/sda
farmers.

FSA makes loans to purchase and operate family size farms. Loans funds can be
used to finance livestock, farm equipment, annual operating expenses and most
other farm related expense. Interest rates vary from 1.5% to 4.875% depending on
loan type. Applicants must meet eligibility requirements which are outlined on
the Agency website at www.fsa.usda.gov. Anyone having questions may contact the
local FSA office at 304-645-6172 ext 2 to obtain information or to schedule an
appointment with a loan officer or ask your local bank about the guarantee loan
program.

"Applicants may want to make plans for the New Year and make their requests
early as money is available on a first come first served basis," Dugan said.

USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer and lender. To file a complaint
of discrimination, write: USDA, Director, Office of Civil Rights, 1400
Independence Avenue, SW, Washington, DC 20250-9410 or call 800-795-3272(voice),
or (202) 720-6382 (TDD)

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PCH

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2009 The Pocahontas Times


                             451 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                January 12, 2017

                            FM SPORTS HORSES LIMITED

                                  LOCHEND FARM
                                  LOCHEND FARM
                                    COYLTON
                                  AYR KA6 6JS


TRADE ADDRESS: Lochend Farm Lochend Farm Coylton, AYR KA6 6JS

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: SC426898

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: June 25, 2012
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Miss Fiona Macintyre, Director


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Other service activities n.e.c.
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
96090

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  December 30, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  June 25, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  4,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                           8,113     1,932       559
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         0         0
Other Current Assets                           8,113     1,932       559
Total Current Assets                           8,113     1,932       559
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                   8,113     1,932       559



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities              7,589     2,142       762
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -     2,142       762
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                      7,589         0         0
Short Term Loans                                   -     2,142       762
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                      7,589     2,142       762
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                              7,589     2,142       762
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 2         2         2
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                    522      -212      -205
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                524      -210      -203
Called Up Share Capital                            2         2         2
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                       524      -210      -203


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed         524      -210      -203
Net Worth                524      -210      -203
Working Capital          524      -210      -203
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2 3 Years      5
                    Years          Years
                      GBP     GBP    GBP
Sales                   -       -      -
Pretax                  -       -      -
Total Assets       319.93 1,351.3 456.45
                                4
Current Assets     319.93 1,351.3 456.45
                                4
Current             254.3  895.93 403.25
Liabilities
Capital Employed   -349.5 -358.13  -1148
                        2
Employee Wages          -       -      -
Number of               -       -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 51,512 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
93050 Other service activities not elsewhere classified



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -1.56    14.73    63.04
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -.57     7.63    38.84
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -.22     5.64    25.86
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              68.27   159.04   304.62
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       11.65        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .55     1.03     1.97
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            21,440.2 36,861.8 54,174.9
                                                          7        5        7
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  11,128.6 18,062.5 24,493.5
                                                          9                 2
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  23,586.9 34,835.7 86,283.0
                                                          6        1        2
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  69.44     47.7       25



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  1
=        6
Year -1  2
=        5
Year -2  4
=        9
Year -3  1
=        4

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.07       0.9      0.73
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  1.07       0.9      0.73
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -     -1020   -375.37
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.06     -0.11     -0.36
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -     -10.2     -3.75
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -      1.11      1.36

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 524

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Stewart Gilmour & Co

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2017


                             452 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 28, 2017

                                 CRICKETER FARM

                                THE FARM OFFICES
                                 ST HELENS FARM
                                  SEATON ROSS
                               BRIDGWATER TA5 1LL


TRADE ADDRESS: Nether Stowey, BRIDGWATER TA5 1LL

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
FAX: 01278-733131

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 01360621

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: March 30, 1978
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 41

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  OAK FARMING
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  OAK FARMING

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Angus Alexander Wielkopolski, Farmer Director
     ·    Mrs Kathleen Mary Wielkopolska, Director
     ·    Mrs Suzanne Patrick, Accountant


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Other retail sale of food in specialised stores
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Unlimited with share capital::Private Unlimited with
share capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Conv. to INDPROVSOC

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
47290
10512

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2003
FISCAL YEAR END: May 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2003
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Medium   no turnover filed
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  August 8, 2003
ANNUAL RETURN:  December 18, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  70,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/200 31/03/200 31/03/200
                                                   3         2         1
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            2,258,552 1,101,544   882,758
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                         2,258,552 1,101,544   882,758
Stocks                                     4,425,696 2,993,775 2,027,478
Debtors                                      397,898   357,554   329,313
Cash                                           5,455     4,113   531,920
Miscellaneous Current Assets                 378,715   136,861   210,435
Other Current Assets                         384,170   140,974   742,355
Total Current Assets                       5,207,764 3,492,303 3,099,146
Fixed Assets                               2,258,552 1,101,544   871,833
Intermediate Assets                                -         -    10,925
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -    50,526         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               7,466,316 4,593,847 3,981,904



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/200 31/03/200 31/03/200
                                                   3         2         1
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                    637,499   585,083   234,823
Bank Overdraft                             2,144,846   499,498    55,492
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            495,787    31,370    26,754
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                    495,787    31,370    26,754
Short Term Loans                           2,144,846   499,498    55,492
Long Term Loans                            1,010,593   490,657   566,801
Long Term Bank Loan                        1,010,593   490,657   566,801
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                  272,009   272,009   274,809
Total Current Liabilities                  3,278,132 1,115,951   317,069
Total Long Term Liabilities                1,282,602   762,666   841,610
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          4,560,734 1,878,617 1,158,679
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry           960,000   960,000   960,000
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve              1,945,582 2,027,239 2,135,234
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                          2,905,582 2,987,239 3,095,234
Called Up Share Capital                      960,000   960,000   960,000
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 4,188,184 3,477,896 3,664,835


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/200 31/03/200 31/03/200
                           3         2         1
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit         403,353   255,258   283,344
Operating Profit      42,606    -19293    29,180
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          0     5,311    16,403
Interest Payable      45,433    35,107    46,570
Pretax Profit          -2827    -49089      -987
Taxation                   -     -2794     -2941
Profit After Tax       -2827    -46295     1,954
Dividends Payable     78,830    61,700         0
Retained Profits      -81657   -107995     1,954
Value Added          933,898   730,576   664,149
Capital Employed   4,188,184 3,477,896 3,664,835
Net Worth          2,905,582 2,987,239 3,095,234
Working Capital    1,929,632 2,376,352 2,782,077
Emp. Renumeration    793,440   687,237   562,540
Dir. Renumeration     14,924    36,309   108,742
Audit Fees             5,000     5,000     5,000
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation          97,852    62,632    72,429
Number of                 41        41        33
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                               31/03/200 31/03/200 31/03/200
                                                       3         2         1
                                                     GBP       GBP       GBP
Net Cashflow From Operating Activities           -802544   -534674   285,344
Net Cashflow From Return On Investment And       -124263   -170326   -108997
Servicing Of Finance
Net Cashflow Before Financing                   -2163942   -895669   169,732
Net Cashflow From Financing                      887,811    -62162    -50691
Increase In Cash                                -1276131   -957831   119,041

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax             -94.24 186.42 -103.8
                                      5
Total Assets        62.53  87.51  81.79
Current Assets      49.12  68.04  61.21
Current            193.75 933.89 731.03
Liabilities
Capital Employed    20.42  14.28  12.81
Employee Wages      15.45  41.05 -10.17
Number of               0  24.24   5.13
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 1,510 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2003)
SIC Code:
52270 Other retail sale of food, beverages and tobacco
in specialised stores



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   5.49     53.4   153.85
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                     -10.51    10.34    41.82
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -3.35     3.21    12.01
Sales / Total Assets (%)                             193.38   339.55   611.07
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        4.09        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .29      .77     1.17
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            13,202.9 20,051.4 24,360.5
                                                          6        9        6
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)     5,000 7,455.88 12,594.2
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    26,500 49,714.2 77,193.7
                                                                   9        5
Wages / Turnover (%)                                   27.8    18.33    10.88



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  7
=        9
Year -1  1
=        2
Year -2  2
=        6
Year -3  5
=        6

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/200 31/03/200 31/03/200
                                                       3         2         1
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)               -0.07     -1.41     -0.03
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                         -0.04     -1.07     -0.02
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)              -0.1     -1.64     -0.03
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.59      3.13      9.77
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.24      0.45      3.38
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                         108.6     33.15      20.1
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.39      0.65      0.78
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                     34.78     16.43     18.31
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                106.64   -251.09    102.17
Current Liabilities / Stocks                        0.74      0.37      0.16
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees     19,352.2 16,761.88 17,046.67
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)         -68.95  -1197.29    -29.91
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees          102,150. 84,826.73 111,055.6
                                                       8
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        55,086.6 26,866.93 26,419.18
                                                       3
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        182,105. 112,045.1 120,663.8
                                                       3
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                     -0.3     -6.72     -0.15
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)           22,778 17,818.93 20,125.73
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                 1.18      1.06      1.18
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                       1,493.26    918.77    796.38
Creditors / Debtors                                  1.6      1.64      0.71
Total Debt / Working Capital                        1.64      0.42      0.22
Total Debt / Total Assets                           0.42      0.22      0.16

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 4,188,184

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Bradbury & Co (Accountants) Ltd

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2017


                             453 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 16, 2017

                             CLAY LAKE FARM,LIMITED

                               FULNEY FARM CENTRE
                            RANGELL GATE LOW FULNEY
                                    SPALDING
                               SPALDING PE12 6EW


TRADE ADDRESS: Fulney Farm Centre Rangell Gate Low Fulney, SPALDING PE12 6EW

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01775711663
FAX: 01775-711388

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 00390289

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: October 9, 1944
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  JL FARMS LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  JL FARMS LIMITED

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr John Lucas Van Geest, Director


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    MrPaul JamesGray


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Growing of non-perennial crops
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
01100 - Growing of crops; market gardening; horticulture

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: February 26, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: February 28

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  February 26, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  November 9, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  March 12, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  30,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           26/02/201 27/02/201 28/02/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                              407,136   410,175   413,011
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                           407,136   410,175   413,011
Stocks                                       125,026   106,057    79,425
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                           2,614     1,631       722
Miscellaneous Current Assets                   6,852       393       538
Other Current Assets                           9,466     2,024     1,260
Total Current Assets                         134,492   108,081    80,685
Fixed Assets                                 407,136   410,175   413,011
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 541,628   518,256   493,696



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           26/02/201 27/02/201 28/02/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            415,262   382,236   354,723
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                    415,262   382,236   354,723
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                    415,262   382,236   354,723
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                            415,262   382,236   354,723
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry            12,000    12,000    12,000
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                114,366   124,020   126,973
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                            126,366   136,020   138,973
Called Up Share Capital                       12,000    12,000    12,000
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                   126,366   136,020   138,973


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   26/02/201 27/02/201 28/02/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed     126,366   136,020   138,973
Net Worth            126,366   136,020   138,973
Working Capital      -280770   -274155   -274038
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets         4.51   9.71   8.44
Current Assets      24.44  66.69  61.33
Current              8.64  17.07  12.63
Liabilities
Capital Employed     -7.1  -9.07  -3.37
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 5,024 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
01100 Growing of crops; market gardening; horticulture



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -.04     4.88    15.63
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -.28     3.05     9.52
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -.09     4.05    16.43
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              22.85    87.41   165.91
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       39.54    16.83        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .71     1.47      3.5
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            23,109.5 33,252.4 48,787.0
                                                          8        6        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  15,691.4 21,531.3 28,340.2
                                                          9        5        8
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  46,025.6 102,613. 218,432.
                                                          8        1        6
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  32.41    20.75    10.71



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  9
=        5
Year -1  9
=        8
Year -2  9
=        2
Year -3  9
=        2

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                6/02/201 27/02/201 28/02/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                0.32      0.28      0.23
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.02      0.01         0
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.23      0.26      0.28
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                        3.32       3.6      4.47
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 126,366

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Wright Vigar Ltd

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2017


                             454 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 21, 2017

                              NORTH FARM STUD LTD

                                NORTH FARM STUD
                                  NORTH FAWLEY
                                    WANTAGE
                                WANTAGE OX12 9NJ


TRADE ADDRESS: North Farm, WANTAGE OX12 9NJ

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01488638243
FAX: 01488-638504
URL: www.northfarmstud.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 03512280

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: February 17, 1998
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  NORTH FARM ESTATES LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  NORTH FARM ESTATES LIMITED

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Agnes Muir, Farmer
     ·    Grace Ellzabeth Muir


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Animal production
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
01400 - Agricultural and animal husbandry service activities, except veterinary
activities

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  August 2, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  February 17, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  13,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                              530,866   531,151   536,993
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                           530,866   531,151   536,993
Stocks                                        61,029    76,783    75,616
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                             414       513    40,847
Miscellaneous Current Assets                 117,863   144,711   119,028
Other Current Assets                         118,277   145,224   159,875
Total Current Assets                         179,306   222,007   235,491
Fixed Assets                                 530,866   531,151   536,993
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 710,172   753,158   772,484



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities          1,456,454   780,969   703,619
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                  1,456,454   780,969   703,619
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                  125,304   247,294   255,800
Total Current Liabilities                  1,456,454   780,969   703,619
Total Long Term Liabilities                  125,304   247,294   255,800
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          1,581,758 1,028,263   959,419
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry               100       100       100
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                -871686   -275205   -187035
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                            -871586   -275105   -186935
Called Up Share Capital                          100       100       100
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                   -746282    -27811    68,865


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed     -746282    -27811    68,865
Net Worth            -871586   -275105   -186935
Working Capital     -1277148   -558962   -468128
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts   2 Years 3 Years      5
                                    Years
                       GBP     GBP    GBP
Sales                    -       -      -
Pretax                   -       -      -
Total Assets         -5.71   -8.07  -5.36
Current Assets      -19.23  -23.86  -8.78
Current              86.49  106.99 319.56
Liabilities
Capital Employed   2,583.4 -1183.6 -285.0
                         1       9      6
Employee Wages           -       -      -
Number of                -       -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 4,303 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
01200 Farming of animals



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     8.39    26.67
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -.85     3.73    15.05
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0     1.38     9.35
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              33.37      100    333.9
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       26.55        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .47        1     2.13
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            31,330.8 47,440.0 66,986.6
                                                          8        8        7
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  18,132.9 22,434.1 27,057.8
                                                          4        7        6
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  93,325.5  194,000 350,580.
                                                          8                 6
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  23.08    11.74     6.33



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  3
=        9
Year -1  4
=        4
Year -2  4
=        2
Year -3  6
=        0

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                0.12      0.28      0.33
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.08      0.19      0.23
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                  -1.23     -0.37     -0.24
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                       23.86     10.17      9.31
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP -746282

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Banks BHG, Chartered Accountants

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2017


                             455 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 18, 2017

                              WYCHELM FARM LIMITED

                               2 WYCHEL FARM ROAD
                                    MAYPOLE
                                   BIRMINGHAM
                               BIRMINGHAM B14 4PG


TRADE ADDRESS: 2 Wychel Farm Road Maypole, BIRMINGHAM B14 4PG

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 04179089

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: March 14, 2001
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Jacqueline Ann Skillett, Administrator


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Renting and operating of own or leased real estate
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68200

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Dormant
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  October 25, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  March 14, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  14,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    4         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 4         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         4         4
Other Current Assets                               0         4         4
Total Current Assets                               0         4         4
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                4         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                       4         4         4



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  0         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          0         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          0         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  0         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 4         4         4
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                  4         4         4
Called Up Share Capital                            4         4         4
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         4         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed           4         4         4
Net Worth                  4         4         4
Working Capital            0         4         4
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0      0      0
Current Assets       -100   -100   -100
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      0      0
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 59,273 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
70200 Letting of own property



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     3.03    11.52
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0     2.14     6.41
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0    21.62    61.19
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               4.38     7.69    30.85
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       12.15        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .08       .6     2.26
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            27,864.5 79,369.5 161,438.
                                                          1        9        4
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,800 23,120.3 39,861.1
                                                                   7        1
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    70,000 168,352.  404,200
                                                                   9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  29.98     15.9     8.02



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  7
=        1
Year -1  7
=        1
Year -2  8
=        5
Year -3  8
=        5

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            0         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   0         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     0         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      1         1         1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           0         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 4

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2017


                             456 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                 March 3, 2017

               WHOWELLS FARM PROPERTY MANAGEMENT COMPANY LIMITED

                             OWLSBARN WHOWELLS FARM
                               OFF BROADHEAD ROAD
                                     TURTON
                                 BOLTON BL7 0JJ


TRADE ADDRESS: Owlsbarn Whowells Farm Off Broadhead Road, BOLTON BL7 0JJ

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 07260494

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: May 20, 2010
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Phillip James Haslam, Production Director
     ·    Ms Rachael Sara Lee, Company Director
     ·    Mr Albery Jack Johnson, Vet


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    MrPhillip JamesHaslam


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Other letting and operating of own or leased real estate
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68209

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: May 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: May 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  May 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Dormant
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  February 27, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  May 20, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  12,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/05/201 31/05/201 31/05/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               3         1         1
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         0         0
Other Current Assets                               3         1         1
Total Current Assets                               3         1         1
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                       3         1         1



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/05/201 31/05/201 31/05/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 3         1         1
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                  3         1         1
Called Up Share Capital                            3         1         1
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/05/201 31/05/201 31/05/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed           3         1         1
Net Worth                  3         1         1
Working Capital            3         1         1
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets          200    200    200
Current Assets        200    200    200
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed      200    200    200
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 59,273 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
70200 Letting of own property



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     3.03    11.52
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0     2.14     6.41
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0    21.62    61.19
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               4.38     7.69    30.85
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       12.15        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .08       .6     2.26
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            27,864.5 79,369.5 161,438.
                                                          1        9        4
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,800 23,120.3 39,861.1
                                                                   7        1
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    70,000 168,352.  404,200
                                                                   9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  29.98     15.9     8.02



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  5
=        9
Year -1  2
=        3
Year -2  7
=        5
Year -3  7
=        5

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/05/201 31/05/201 31/05/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      1         1         1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2017


                             457 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    January 14, 1983, Friday, Final Edition

Rural Housing Aid Faces Big Cuts in New Budget

BYLINE: By Ward Sinclair, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A5

LENGTH: 495 words


Operating loans to hard-pressed farmers would increase, but more than $1 billion
would be cut from housing aid for low-income and elderly rural residents under
President Reagan's fiscal 1984 budget.

Administration budget documents made available to The Washington Post indicate
that total spending by the Farmers Home Administration (FmHA), an arm of the
Department of Agriculture, would be cut by about $2.6 billion.

These cuts would be achieved in part by killing at least half-a-dozen FmHA rural
programs, including business and industrial loans, a variety of
water-development loans, low-income home repair and rental grants and fuel
alcohol plant loans.

But the largest reductions would occur in the housing area, which accounts for
$3.4 billion in FmHA activity this year. The proposed budget would slash the
housing account to $1.2 billion--with $850 million of that to be sent to the
states as block grants to operate their own programs.

Home ownership loans, which currently come to $2.3 billion, would fall to $280
million under the budget that Reagan is scheduled to send to Congress later this
month. That would provide for about 3,000 housing units, compared with the
90,000 under this year's budget.

In other major cuts, rural rental housing aid would drop from $940 million to
$16 million; rental assistance contracts, from $123.7 million to $62 million;
low-income repair loans, from $24 million to $1 million; repair grants, from
$12.5 million to zero; farm labor housing loans, from $19 million to $3 million.

The whopping cuts and the block-grant idea are certain to stir controversy on
Capitol Hill, where a similar block-grant plan offered in 1982 by then-Sen.
Harrison H. Schmitt (R-N.M.) drew strong bipartisan resistance and finally died.

Sens. Thad Cochran (R-Miss.), chairman of the Appropriations subcommittee that
oversees FmHA, and Alan Cranston (D-Calif.) lined up more than 40 co-sponsors of
an amendment to stop Schmitt. They contended the block grants, with their vastly
reduced funding, would wreck long-established and successful rural housing
programs.

An early reaction to the new proposals came from Robert A. Rapoza of the
National Rural Housing Coalition, who called them "a double-whammy for rural
America, where about 10 million people live in about 2 million substandard
units."

"Not only do we have the huge budget cuts; we now will force people to deal with
state governments, which don't have the same housing expertise as FmHA," Rapoza
added. "Obviously, it's hard to kill a bad idea. The block-grant idea is bad;
the budget cutting is bad. Yet this thing lives on."

According to the documents, the only FmHA increase in 1984 would occur in the
farm operating loans, which would climb from this year's $1.5 billion to $1.860
billion. The FmHA has been under intense congressional pressure to provide more
of these funds for farmers who cannot get year-to-year operating money from
commercial lenders.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1983 The Washington Post


                             458 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 3, 2015 Tuesday

Farm Credit System Reports Net Income of $4.724 Billion for 2014

LENGTH: 837  words

DATELINE: Missouri


Scottrade has issued the following Press release:

The Farm Credit System today reported combined net income of $4.724 billion for
the year ended December 31, 2014, as compared with $4.640 billion for the prior
year. The System also reported combined net income of $1.155 billion for the
fourth quarter of 2014, as compared with $1.141 billion for the fourth quarter
of 2013.

"Credit quality indicators remained strong reflecting the sustained period of
favorable economic conditions in agriculture during the past several years,"
remarked Tracey McCabe, President and CEO of the Federal Farm Credit Banks
Funding Corporation. "The System continued to build capital to withstand adverse
changes that may arise in the future as general and agricultural economic
conditions change."

2014 Results of Operations

Combined net income increased $84 million or 1.8% for the year ended December
31, 2014, as compared with the prior year. The increase resulted primarily from
increases in net interest income of $130 million and noninterest income of $79
million, partially offset by a provision for loan losses of $40 million, as
compared with a loan loss reversal of $31 million for 2013, and an increase in
noninterest expense of $54 million.

Net interest income increased $130 million or 1.9% to $6.804 billion for 2014,
as compared with $6.674 billion for the prior year. The increase in net interest
income resulted primarily from a higher level of average earning assets, driven
largely by increased loan volume and, to a lesser extent, growth in the
investment portfolio. Average earning assets grew $17.151 billion or 7.1% to
$257.386 billion for 2014, as compared with the prior year.

Net interest margin decreased 14 basis points to 2.64% for 2014, as compared
with 2.78% for 2013. The decline in the net interest margin was due to a
decrease in the net interest spread of 14 basis points to 2.50% for 2014, as
compared with 2.64% for 2013. The decline in the net interest spread resulted
primarily from lower lending spreads due to competitive pressures, greater
average loan volume in lower spread lines of business and a lesser amount of
debt being called. The Banks called debt totaling $19.0 billion for 2014, as
compared with $24.3 billion for 2013.

The System recognized a provision for loan losses of $40 million for 2014, as
compared with a loan loss reversal of $31 million for the prior year. The
provision for loan losses for 2014 consisted of $105 million of provisions for
loan losses recorded by certain System institutions, partially offset by $65
million of loan loss reversals recorded by other System institutions. Included
in the 2014 provision for loan losses was a $47 million provision recorded by
one Association, with assets totaling just over $1 billion, related to its
investigation of a sudden significant increase in delinquencies in a discrete
portion of its loan portfolio. In addition, the provision for loan losses
recognized in 2014 was also due to specific credit challenges for a limited
number of customers. The loan loss reversals in 2014 and 2013 were reflective of
the overall favorable credit quality of the loan portfolio.

Noninterest income increased $79 million or 12.7% to $700 million for 2014, as
compared with $621 million for 2013. The increase was largely due to increases
in mineral income of $26 million, fees for financially related services
(primarily crop insurance) of $22 million and net gains on sales of investments
and other assets of $16 million. The increase in mineral income resulted from
strong demand for exploration rights and production activities as oil prices
remained relatively high for most of the year. The recent decline in oil prices
and the oversupply of crude oil may negatively impact mineral income in future
periods. Partially offsetting these increases in noninterest income was a
decrease in loan-related fee income of $13 million.

Noninterest expense increased $54 million or 2.2% to $2.519 billion for 2014, as
compared with $2.465 billion for 2013 primarily due to increases in salaries and
employee benefits and other operating expense. Salaries and employee benefits
increased $35 million to $1.637 billion for 2014 primarily due to annual merit
and performance-based compensation increases and, to a lesser extent, higher
staffing levels at certain System institutions offset, in part, by a decrease in
pension expense. Other operating expense increased $35 million for 2014, as
compared with 2013, primarily due to increases in various administrative
expenses. Partially offsetting the increase in noninterest expense were net
gains on other property owned of $19 million for 2014, as compared to net losses
on other property owned of $28 million for 2013.

The System recorded a provision for income taxes of $221 million for both 2014
and 2013. The effective tax rate remained unchanged at 4.5% for 2014 as compared
to 2013.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             459 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 24, 2017

                                TALLY UP LIMITED

                                    THE FARM
                                     HOUSE
                              LOBB FARM TETSWORTH
                                 THAME OX9 7BE


TRADE ADDRESS: The Farm House Lobb Farm Tetsworth, THAME OX9 7BE

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 07986701

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: March 12, 2012
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mrs Tanya Anne Nixey, Accountant


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Accounting and auditing activities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
69201

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  September 12, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  March 12, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  15,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -       119       238
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -       119       238
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                          24,233    32,058    23,212
Miscellaneous Current Assets                   4,015       488     6,005
Other Current Assets                          28,248    32,546    29,217
Total Current Assets                          28,248    32,546    29,217
Fixed Assets                                       -       119       238
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                  28,248    32,665    29,455



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities             21,733    17,914    15,643
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                     21,733    17,914    15,643
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                     21,733    17,914    15,643
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                             21,733    17,914    15,643
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry               100       100       100
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                  6,415    14,651    13,712
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                              6,515    14,751    13,812
Called Up Share Capital                          100       100       100
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                     6,515    14,751    13,812


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed       6,515    14,751    13,812
Net Worth              6,515    14,751    13,812
Working Capital        6,515    14,632    13,574
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets       -13.52   -4.1  69.18
Current Assets     -13.21  -3.32  69.18
Current             21.32  38.93  74.46
Liabilities
Capital Employed   -55.83 -52.83  53.66
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 21,664 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
74121 Accounting and auditing activities



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                   Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                4.03    49.59    153.1
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       0       30    77.78
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                           1.68    21.97    43.03
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              80      165      356
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x     55.2        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                 .91     1.23     2.29
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -        -        -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)      -        -        -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  40,00 70,747.0 103,718.
                                                       0        2        8
Wages / Turnover (%)                               61.96    40.94    37.33



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  6
=        4
Year -1  5
=        7
Year -2  5
=        0
Year -3  1
=        3

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                 1.3      1.82      1.87
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                   1.3      1.82      1.87
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.23      0.45      0.47
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 6,515

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Martin & Co

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2017


                             460 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               February 23, 2017

                              JHE DEVELOPMENTS LTD

                                  SMITHS FARM
                                   FARM LANE
                               DONINGTON LE HEATH
                               COALVILLE LE67 2FQ


TRADE ADDRESS: Smiths Farm Farm Lane, Donington Le Heath, COALVILLE LE67 2FQ

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 07799319

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: October 6, 2011
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Peter Elliott, Director
     ·    Mrs Joanne Elliott, Director


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Development of building projects
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
41100

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: October 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: October 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  October 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Dormant
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  February 21, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  October 6, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  12,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/10/201 31/10/201 31/10/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               2         2         2
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         0         0
Other Current Assets                               2         2         2
Total Current Assets                               2         2         2
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                       2         2         2



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/10/201 31/10/201 31/10/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         0         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         0         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         0         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         0         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 2         2         2
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                  2         2         2
Called Up Share Capital                            2         2         2
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         2         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/10/201 31/10/201 31/10/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed           2         2         2
Net Worth                  2         2         2
Working Capital            2         2         2
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0      0      0
Current Assets          0      0      0
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      0      0
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 38,858 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
70110 Development and selling of real estate



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     3.62    16.84
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -.82     1.38     8.35
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0    19.97    97.01
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               2.09    11.14    86.17
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       57.29     1.87        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .49     1.02     2.33
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            36,804.6 93,639.4 252,786.
                                                          1        9        4
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    20,650 33,331.4   54,600
                                                                   9
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                       500   14,000 320,104.
                                                                            1
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  24.27    10.59     5.03



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  6
=        6
Year -1  6
=        6
Year -2  8
=        9
Year -3  8
=        9

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/10/201 31/10/201 31/10/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      1         1         1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         0         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                             461 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               February 19, 2017

                              PLANET LOCAL C.I.C.

                           13 ST. JULIAN'S FARM ROAD
                            13 ST. JULIANS FARM ROAD
                                     LONDON
                                LONDON SE27 0JJ


TRADE ADDRESS: 13 St. Julian's Farm Road 13 St. Julians Farm Road, LONDON SE27
0JJ

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 07704845

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: July 14, 2011
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Ms Paola Pagliarin, Director


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Web portals
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Company whose shares are traded on the Alternative Investments
Market

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
63120 - Storage and warehousing

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: July 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: July 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  July 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Total Exemption Full
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  June 9, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  July 14, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  15,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/07/201 31/07/201 31/07/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -     1,000     1,000
Miscellaneous Current Assets                   5,310         0         0
Other Current Assets                           5,310     1,000     1,000
Total Current Assets                           5,310     1,000     1,000
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                   5,310     1,000     1,000



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/07/201 31/07/201 31/07/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities              7,222         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                      7,222         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                      7,222         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                              7,222         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry             -1912     1,000     1,000
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                              -1912     1,000     1,000
Called Up Share Capital                            -     1,000     1,000
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)             -1912         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                     -1912         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/07/201 31/07/201 31/07/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales            5,310         -         -
Cost of Sales              0         -         -
Gross Profit           5,310         -         -
Operating Profit       -1912         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          0         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit          -1912         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax       -1912         -         -
Dividends Payable          0         -         -
Retained Profits       -1912         -         -
Value Added            -1912         -         -
Capital Employed       -1912     1,000     1,000
Net Worth              -1912     1,000     1,000
Working Capital        -1912     1,000     1,000
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          0         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets          431    431    431
Current Assets        431    431    431
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed   -291.2 -291.2 -291.2
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 10,758 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
50100 Sale of motor vehicles



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   4.88    11.71    25.01
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                        1.9     4.91     9.42
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                               .61     1.63     3.07
Sales / Total Assets (%)                             202.67   311.16   469.57
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       15.05     6.53     2.09
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .82     1.12     1.94
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            29,437.1 36,462.8 44,929.2
                                                          7        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  20,868.4 25,185.7 28,846.1
                                                          2        1        5
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  291,464. 406,391.  543,300
                                                          2        3
Wages / Turnover (%)                                   7.81     5.97     4.54



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  6
=        7
Year -1  6
=        7
Year -2  5
=        6
Year -3  5
=        6

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/07/201 31/07/201 31/07/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                 100         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                        -36.01         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)               100         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                         -36.01         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                             100         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                       -36.01         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                0.74         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.74         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                  -0.36         1         1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                      100         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                           -36.01         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP -1912

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2017


                             462 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2016 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               September 30, 2016

                      BLACK HILL WIND FARM HOLDCO LIMITED

                          BEAUFORT COURT EGG FARM LANE
                                OFF STATION ROAD
                                 KINGS LANGLEY
                             King'S Langley WD4 8LR


TRADE ADDRESS: Beaufort Court Egg Farm Lane Off Station Road, King'S Langley WD4
8LR

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 08193114

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: August 28, 2012
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  BLACK HILL WIND FARM TOPCO LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  BIIF L.P.



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name                Turnover
No.
04493876        BLACK HILL WIND FARM        6,938,00
                LIMITED                            0
-               -                                  -
-               -                                  -
-               -                                  -
-               -                                  -
-               -                                  -
-               -                                  -
-               -                                  -
-               -                                  -
-               -                                  -

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr John Ivor Cavill, Company Director
     ·    Bryan Michael Acutt, Company Director


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    DOMINIC JAMESHEARTH


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Small unquoted company filing only a modified balance sheet

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
40101 - Electricity generation

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Full Accounts
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  July 21, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  August 28, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            37,622,00 37,622,00 37,622,00
                                                   0         0         0
Intangible Assets                                  0         0         0
Total Fixed Assets                         37,622,00 37,622,00 37,622,00
                                                   0         0         0
Stocks                                             0         0         0
Debtors                                            0         0         0
Cash                                       2,435,000 2,392,000 1,960,000
Miscellaneous Current Assets               6,617,000 11,118,00 15,115,00
                                                             0         0
Other Current Assets                       9,052,000 13,510,00 17,075,00
                                                             0         0
Total Current Assets                       9,052,000 13,510,00 17,075,00
                                                             0         0
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        0         0         0
Due From Group, Current                    6,597,000         0 15,115,00
                                                                       0
TOTAL ASSETS                               46,674,00 51,132,00 54,697,00
                                                   0         0         0



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          0         0         0
Bank Overdraft                                     0         0         0
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities          29,206,00 29,211,00 28,909,00
                                                   0         0         0
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                      27,030,00 27,443,00 27,381,00
                                                   0         0         0
Due To Directors, Current                          0         0         0
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          0         0         0
Due To Directors, Non Current                      0         0         0
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                  29,206,00 29,211,00 28,909,00
                                                   0         0         0
Total Long Term Liabilities                17,727,00 19,470,00 21,081,00
                                                   0         0         0
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          46,933,00 48,681,00 49,990,00
                                                   0         0         0
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 0     1,000     1,000
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                -259000 2,450,000 4,706,000
Revaluation Reserve                                0         0         0
Shareholder Funds                            -259000 2,451,000 4,707,000
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 17,468,00 21,921,00 25,788,00
                                                   0         0         0


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         0         0
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit       -2620000  -2256000  -2069000
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed   17,468,00 21,921,00 25,788,00
                           0         0         0
Net Worth            -259000 2,451,000 4,707,000
Working Capital    -20154000 -15701000 -11834000
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             0         0         0
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            -     -9    -15
Current Assets          -    -33    -47
Current                 -      0      1
Liabilities
Capital Employed        -    -20    -32
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 3,704 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
40101 Electricity generation



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -3.02     0.33     9.13
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -6.11    -0.37     4.12
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                            -23.11     5.38    32.92
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               0.40    11.93    26.88
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       32.89     1.67     0.00
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   0.14     0.76     2.15
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -        -        -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  32,905.9 42,666.6 61,752.0
                                                          8        7        7
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  73,350.8 252,710. 899,917.
                                                          8        5        0
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  40.39    11.56     3.96



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  6
=        2
Year -1  7
=        3
Year -2  7
=        3
Year -3  4
=        5

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)              -15.00    -10.29     -8.02
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                         -5.61     -4.41     -3.78
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -    -92.04    -43.96
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -      0.00      0.00
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                0.31      0.46      0.59
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.31      0.46      0.59
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      -      0.05      0.09
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 17,468,000

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016


                             463 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                January 20, 2017

                   LOWER MAWFIELD FARM MANAGEMENT COMPANY LTD

                               THE OLD FARMHOUSE
                              LOWER MAWFIELD FARM
                                   ALLENSMORE
                                HEREFORD HR2 9BQ


TRADE ADDRESS: The Old Farmhouse Lower Mawfield Farm, HEREFORD HR2 9BQ

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 06255429

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: May 22, 2007
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Howard Alan Gardner, Retired
     ·    Mrs Janet Clare Richardson, Retired
     ·    Mrs Helen Gillian Sykes, Retired
     ·    Mrs Susan Dill, Retired
     ·    Mrs Vivienne Rosalind Negus, Homemaker


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    MrsSusanDill


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Management of real estate on a fee or contract basis
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68320

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: November 22, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: November 22

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  November 22, 2015
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  August 8, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  May 22, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  8,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           22/11/201 22/11/201 22/11/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    5         5         5
Intangible Assets                                  0         0         0
Total Fixed Assets                                 5         5         5
Stocks                                             0         0         0
Debtors                                            0         0         0
Cash                                           1,740       977     1,449
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0        53         0
Other Current Assets                           1,740     1,030     1,449
Total Current Assets                           1,740     1,030     1,449
Fixed Assets                                       0         0         0
Intermediate Assets                                5         5         5
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            0         0         0
TOTAL ASSETS                                   1,745     1,035     1,454



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           22/11/201 22/11/201 22/11/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          0         0         0
Bank Overdraft                                     0         0         0
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities              1,740     1,030     1,449
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           0         0         0
Due To Group, Current                              0         0         0
Due To Directors, Current                          0         0         0
Other Current Liabilities                      1,740     1,030     1,449
Short Term Loans                                   0         0         0
Long Term Loans                                    0         0         0
Long Term Bank Loan                                0         0         0
Other Long Term Finance                            0         0         0
Due To Group, Non Current                          0         0         0
Due To Directors, Non Current                      0         0         0
Other Long Term Liabilities                        0         0         0
Total Current Liabilities                      1,740     1,030     1,449
Total Long Term Liabilities                        0         0         0
TOTAL LIABILITIES                              1,740     1,030     1,449
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 5         5         5
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                0         0         0
Shareholder Funds                                  5         5         5
Called Up Share Capital                            5         5         5
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 0         0         0
Contingent Liabilities                             0         0         0
NET ASSETS                                         5         5         5


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   22/11/201 22/11/201 22/11/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                0         0         0
Cost of Sales              0         0         0
Gross Profit               0         0         0
Operating Profit           0         0         0
Export                     0         0         0
Nontrading Income          0         0         0
Interest Payable           0         0         0
Pretax Profit              0         0         0
Taxation                   0         0         0
Profit After Tax           0         0         0
Dividends Payable          0         0         0
Retained Profits           0         0         0
Value Added                0         0         0
Capital Employed           5         5         5
Net Worth                  5         5         5
Working Capital            0         0         0
Emp. Renumeration          0         0         0
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 0         0         0
Non-audit Fees             0         0         0
Depreciation               0         0         0
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                               22/11/201 22/11/201 22/11/201
                                                       5         4         3
                                                     GBP       GBP       GBP
Net Cashflow From Operating Activities                 0         0         0
Net Cashflow From Return On Investment And             0         0         0
Servicing Of Finance
Net Cashflow Before Financing                          0         0         0
Net Cashflow From Financing                            0         0         0
Increase In Cash                                       0         0         0

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   0      0      0
Pretax                  0      0      0
Total Assets         68.6  20.01 -33.06
Current Assets      68.93  20.08 -33.26
Current             68.93  20.08 -33.13
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      0      0
Employee Wages          0      0      0
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 27,873 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
70320 Management of real estate on a fee or contract
basis



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     6.52       25
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0      .55    16.22
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0     1.98       20
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              44.56    89.16   165.42
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       52.87        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                     .8     1.13     2.81
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            27,964.2 51,071.8   86,397
                                                          7        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  15,348.8 25,915.8 41,333.3
                                                          9        1        3
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                     8,000   31,000 107,634.
                                                                            8
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  47.43    31.17    12.92



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  3
=        6
Year -1  3
=        6
Year -2  8
=        0
Year -3  8
=        0

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                2/11/201 22/11/201 22/11/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   0         0         0
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             0         0         0
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 0         0         0
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              0         0         0
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               0         0         0
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               0         0         0
Export / Sales (%)                                     0         0         0
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            0         0         0
Sales / Stocks                                         0         0         0
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         0         0         0
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   1         1         1
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     1         1         1
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             0         0         0
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      0         0         0
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         0         0         0
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     0         0         0
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            0         0         0
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      0         0         0
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              0         0         0
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      0         0         0
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               0         0         0
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        0         0         0
Value Added / Sales (%)                                0         0         0
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                0         0         0
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    0         0         0
Sales / Audit Fees                                     0         0         0
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    0         0         0
Total Debt / Working Capital                           0         0         0
Total Debt / Total Assets                              0         0         0

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 5

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2017


                             464 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Pioneer Press, St. Paul, Minn.

                            August 3, 2004, Tuesday

About $ 7.8 billion in farm loans may be transferred from Minnesota lender

BYLINE: By Lee Egerstrom

LENGTH: 340 words



A proposed sale of an Omaha, Neb.-based farm credit association to Rabobank, a
Dutch banking cooperative, could transfer up to $ 7.8 billion in Great Plains
farm loans from St. Paul's AgriBank.

Bill Collins, president and chief executive of AgriBank, said Monday that Farm
Credit Services of America, which serves 57,000 farmers in Iowa, Nebraska,
Wyoming and South Dakota, would most likely transfer its loans out of AgriBank's
asset portfolio if federal regulators approve the Rabobank deal.

The deal might also cause other cooperative lending banks and associations to
reconsider their participation in the nation's Farm Credit System, Collins said.

"I think this is another indication of how rapidly agriculture is changing,"
Collins said.

AgriBank is the nation's largest agricultural lender with assets of more than $
31 billion, the majority of which are farm mortgages and farm operating loans
written to member borrowers.

FCSAmerica's transfer to Rabobank would drop AgriBank's total assets to about $
23 billion, although it wouldn't have much impact on employment or operations at
St. Paul headquarters.

Rabobank and FCSAmerica announced late Friday that they agreed for the lending
association to sell its assets to Rabobank for $ 600 million. Rabobank is owned
by 32 cooperative banks in the Netherlands but has more than $ 500 billion in
total assets from banking activities in 35 countries.

The farm credit system is a cooperative business, like a credit union, that is
owned by its member-borrowers through a system of regional farm banks and their
credit associations.

Despite this cooperative ownership, the farm credit system is allowed raise farm
loan capital on the bond markets at favorable rates. This has been a sore spot
with commercial bankers throughout the 88 years of the system, who charge its
actions distort the market for agriculture credit.



-----

To see more of the Pioneer Press, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.twincities.com.


LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: SP-FARM-LOANS-20040803

JOURNAL-CODE: SP

               Copyright 2004 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                 Copyright 2004 Pioneer Press, St. Paul, Minn.


                             465 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 9, 2017

                  BLANKSTONES FARM MANAGEMENT COMPANY LIMITED

                                       5
                                BLANKSTONES FARM
                           39 ACRE END STREET EYNSHAM
                                WITNEY OX29 4PF


TRADE ADDRESS: 5 Blankstones Farm 39 Acre End Street Eynsham, WITNEY OX29 4PF

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 07540117

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: February 23, 2011
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Marshall Orde Leopold, Company Director
     ·    Mr Richard John Hume, Company Director
     ·    Colin William Mcmaster, Journalist
     ·    James Keith Paulin, Software Engineer
     ·    Eileen Jones, None
     ·    Susanna Mary Walker-robson, Consultant
     ·    Annette Barbara Vowles, None
     ·    Mr David Alan Haynes, Chemical Engineer


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Residents property management
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
98000

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: February 29, 2016

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  February 29, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Dormant
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  November 8, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  February 23, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  12,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           29/02/201 28/02/201 28/02/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               8         8         8
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         0         0
Other Current Assets                               8         8         8
Total Current Assets                               8         8         8
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                       8         8         8



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           29/02/201 28/02/201 28/02/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 8         8         8
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                  8         8         8
Called Up Share Capital                            8         8         8
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   29/02/201 28/02/201 28/02/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed           8         8         8
Net Worth                  8         8         8
Working Capital            8         8         8
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0      0    300
Current Assets          0      0    300
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      0    300
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 27,873 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
70320 Management of real estate on a fee or contract
basis



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     6.52       25
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0      .55    16.22
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0     1.98       20
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              44.56    89.16   165.42
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       52.87        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                     .8     1.13     2.81
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            27,964.2 51,071.8   86,397
                                                          7        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  15,348.8 25,915.8 41,333.3
                                                          9        1        3
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                     8,000   31,000 107,634.
                                                                            8
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  47.43    31.17    12.92



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  6
=        2
Year -1  6
=        2
Year -2  8
=        6
Year -3  8
=        9

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                9/02/201 28/02/201 28/02/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      1         1         1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2017


                             466 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               February 27, 2017

                           SOUTH WALES ENERGY LIMITED

                        UNIT 13 VILLAGE FARM IND ESTATE
                              51 VILLAGE FARM ROAD
                                      PYLE
                               BRIDGEND CF33 6BL


TRADE ADDRESS: Unit 13 Village Farm Ind Estate 51 Village Farm Road, BRIDGEND
CF33 6BL

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01656859776
URL: www.southwalesenergy.co.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 07948427

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: February 14, 2012
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  UK ONSHORE GAS LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  UK ONSHORE GAS LIMITED

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Gerwyn Llewellyn Williams, Consultant Engineer


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    Shelagh RoseWilliams


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 30, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: December 30

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 30, 2015
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  December 19, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  February 14, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           30/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               1         1         1
Miscellaneous Current Assets                     297       198         0
Other Current Assets                             298       199         1
Total Current Assets                             298       199         1
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                     298       199         1



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           30/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities              6,364     5,729        13
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                      6,364     5,729        13
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                      6,364     5,729        13
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                              6,364     5,729        13
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 1         1         1
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                  -6067     -5531       -13
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                              -6066     -5530       -12
Called Up Share Capital                            1         1         1
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                     -6066     -5530       -12


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   30/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed       -6066     -5530       -12
Net Worth              -6066     -5530       -12
Working Capital        -6066     -5530       -12
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2  3 Years      5
                    Years           Years
                      GBP      GBP    GBP
Sales                   -        -      -
Pretax                  -        -      -
Total Assets        49.75   29,700 29,700
Current Assets      49.75   29,700 29,700
Current             11.08 48,853.8      -
Liabilities                      5
Capital Employed     9.69   50,450 -60670
                                        0
Employee Wages          -        -      -
Number of               -        -      -
Employees



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  1
=        5
Year -1  2
=        4
Year -2  1
=        8
Year -3  8
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                0/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                0.05      0.03      0.08
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.05      0.03      0.08
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                 -20.36    -27.79       -12
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP -6066

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2017


                             467 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                               February 16, 2017

                               R & A MCKINLEY LTD

                                    THE FARM
                                     HOUSE
                                 KIRKLAND FARM
                               THORNHILL DG3 5AD


TRADE ADDRESS: The Farm House Kirkland Farm, THORNHILL DG3 5AD

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: SC416949

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: February 13, 2012
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Raynor Mckinley, Farmer
     ·    Andrew Mckinley, Farmer


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Mixed farming
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
01500 - Hunting, trapping and game propagation including related service
activities

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: June 30, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: June 30

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  June 30, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  February 8, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  February 13, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  30,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           30/06/201 30/06/201 30/06/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                               76,897    66,057         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                            76,897    66,057         -
Stocks                                       237,632   307,772         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                           9,252       855         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                  86,220    74,087   313,034
Other Current Assets                          95,472    74,942   313,034
Total Current Assets                         333,104   382,714   313,034
Fixed Assets                                  76,897    66,057         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 410,001   448,771   313,034



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           30/06/201 30/06/201 30/06/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            224,638   229,822    43,971
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                    224,638   229,822    43,971
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                               20,000         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                           20,000         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                    6,926     6,902         -
Total Current Liabilities                    224,638   229,822    43,971
Total Long Term Liabilities                   26,926     6,902         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                            251,564   236,724    43,971
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry               100       100        30
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                158,337   211,947   269,033
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                            158,437   212,047   269,063
Called Up Share Capital                          100       100        30
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                   185,363   218,949   269,063


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   30/06/201 30/06/201 30/06/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed     185,363   218,949   269,063
Net Worth            158,437   212,047   269,063
Working Capital      108,466   152,892   269,063
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets        -8.64  30.98 240.18
Current Assets     -12.96   6.41 176.38
Current             -2.26 410.88  773.5
Liabilities
Capital Employed   -15.34 -31.11  95.51
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 3,013 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
01300 Growing of crops combined with farming of
animals (mixed farming)



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -.98     3.01    12.04
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -.94     2.22     8.47
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -2.08     7.69    21.35
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               8.93    31.41    73.33
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        28.3        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                     .5     1.12     2.98
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -        -        -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  16,517.8 22,101.1 26,218.1
                                                          6        9        4
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  36,428.5 86,421.8 193,261.
                                                          7        8        9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  34.43    19.81    13.56



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  8
=        7
Year -1  9
=        4
Year -2  9
=        3
Year -3  -
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                0/06/201 30/06/201 30/06/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.48      1.67      7.12
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.43      0.33      7.12
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                         12.62         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.39      0.47      0.86
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                     12.62         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                        0.95      0.75         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                        0.18         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                           0.05         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 185,363

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2017


                             468 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

          Dwight Coleman, Lester Crowsheart, Sharon Crowsheart, Russel
            Folmer, Anna Mae Folmer, George Hatfield, June Hatfield,
             Donald McCabe, Diane McCabe, Gary Barrett, Rosemary K.
             Barrett, Richard L. Harmon, Betty J.  Harmon, Larry L.
           Robertson, Nancy K. Robertson, Ross Wade and Maureen Wade,
             on behalf of themselves and others similarly situated,
            Plaintiffs, v. John R. Block, Secretary of Agriculture,
              Charles W. Shuman, Administrator of the Farmers Home
          Administration, Ralph W. Leet, State Director of the Farmers
          Home Administration, Harold T. Aasmundstad, Glen W. Binegar,
            Allen G.  Drege, Dennis W. Larson, Odell O. Ottmar, and
           Joseph J. Schneider, as District Directors of the Farmers
            Home Administration for North Dakota, and Samuel Delvo,
            Lorace Hakanson, Larry Leier, Charles Schaefer and James
                Well, as County Supervisors of the Farmers Home
                   Administration in North Dakota, Defendants

                               Civil No. A1-83-47

             UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE DISTRICT OF NORTH
                         DAKOTA, SOUTHWESTERN DIVISION

                 632 F. Supp. 997; 1986 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 28670


                                 March 3, 1986

CORE TERMS: farm, borrower, operating expenses, crop, security interest,
injunction, declaration, county supervisor, chattel, modification, projected,
notice, planned, process protections, property interest, termination,
injunctive, allowance, modify, farmer, decree, authorize, injunctive relief,
loan program, family living, farm income, justifying, enjoined, contest, informs

COUNSEL:  [**1]  Robert Vogel, Grand Forks, North Dakota, William R. King,
Atlanta, Georgia, Burt Newborne, American Civil Liberties Union, New York, New
York, Alan Kanner, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, William, Reesman & Tate,
Booneville, Missouri, Martha A. Miller, Atlanta, Georgia, James T. Massey, Lynn
A. Hayes, Minneapolis, Minnesota, for Plaintiff.

Arthur R. Goldberg, Dept. of Justice, Civil Div. Washington, District of
Columbia, Gary Annear, Ass't U.S. Attorney, Fargo, North Dakota, for Defendant.

JUDGES:  Van Sickle

OPINION BY: VAN SICKLE

OPINION

 [*998]  MEMORANDUM AND ORDER

Plaintiffs move to amend and modify this court's final injunctive order of
February 17, 1984 by striking the following underscored language:


     The defendants, their agents, subordinates, and employees are enjoined
     from proceeding to liquidate, or to terminate the living and operating
     allowance previously determined in the administration of any existing
     loan unless [prescribed notice and hearing requirements are followed],


and by substituting for the underscored phrase:
     language which makes it clear that all farmer-borrowers have a
     statutory and regulatory entitlement to reasonable family living [**2]
     and farm operating allowances and that those allowances cannot be
     terminated until the borrower has been provided the due process
     protections listed under Paragraph B of the Court's February 17, 1984
     Order.



 [*999]  Plaintiffs' motion follows this court's denial of a motion to find
contempt filed by Joe Nelson and Louise Nelson. In an order filed in the
contempt action on June 17, 1985, this court held that the injunction's language
("previously determined in the administration of any existing loan") was
directed only to existing farm and home plans. Plaintiffs contend that that
interpretation of the final injunction allows FmHA to effectively "starve out"
borrowers without providing due process protections.

FACTS

The facts supporting the Nelson motion for contempt are summarized as follows.
The Nelsons borrowed $40,000.00 for operating expenses from FmHA in 1983. In
conjunction with that loan, they and the FmHA county supervisor developed and
signed a farm and home plan for the period from April 6, 1983 through December
21, 1983. In September, 1983, the Nelsons borrowed an additional $22,000.00 to
finance planting an additional 500 acres of 1984 winter wheat. Proceeds from
[**3]  sale of the 1984 wheat were to be applied to the $22,000.00 loan. Because
the yield on the 1984 crop was lower than expected, sale of the crop netted only
approximately $16,000.00.  The FmHA county supervisor insisted that all the
proceeds be applied to the $22,000.00 loan, and thus refused to release any of
the proceeds for living or operating expenses. FmHA denied further financing to
the Nelsons on April 6, 1984. A proposed farm and home plan was submitted in
conjunction with the application for another loan, but was not approved by FmHA
officials.

Plaintiffs submitted written declarations of several FmHA borrowers in support
of their motion. Robert Smith, of Murdoch, Minnesota, stated that he did not
have a current farm and home plan approved by an FmHA official, that he had
received no operating loans from FmHA during the current production cycle, and
that if FmHA refuses to release farm production income for living and operating
expenses, his family cannot continue to operate the farm. Robert Hansen, of
Belgrade, Minnesota, stated that he did not have a current farm and home plan
approved by an FmHA official, that he had received no operating loans from FmHA
during the current [**4]  production cycle, and that if FmHA refuses to release
farm production income for living and operating expenses, his family cannot
continue to operate the farm. Dwight Coleman, of Dunseith, North Dakota, filed a
declaration making statements virtually identical to those made by Hansen and
Smith.

FmHA farmer-borrower Betty Puckett, of Lecompte, Louisiana, stated that when she
applied for a 1984 FmHA operating loan, she signed a blank farm and home plan at
FmHA's request and that the county supervisor later completed and signed that
form. Puckett's request for a 1984 operating loan was denied. Puckett states
that the county supervisor then refused to authorize releases from proceeds of a
1983 soybean crop for living and operating expenses. Puckett received a written
response from the state FmHA office indicating it would not make the requested
releases because the farm and home plan prepared in conjunction with the 1984
loan application stated the crop proceeds would be applied to the debt to FmHA.
Puckett states further that if FmHA continues to refuse to authorize release of
farm production income for living and operating expenses, continued operation of
the farm will be jeopardized.

[**5]  FmHA farmer-borrower Gloria Ridenhour, of Delaware, Oklahoma, filed a
declaration stating that she is currently indebted to FmHA, but does not have a
current farm and home plan because the county supervisor, in 1984, suggested a
quiet liquidation of the farming operation. She stated further that FmHA had
subordinated its security interest in a wheat crop to a local bank, and that
though the bank had agreed to release a portion of those crop proceeds to pay
living and operating expenses, FmHA has refused to authorize that release under
the subordination agreement.  [*1000]  Ridenhour states finally that if FmHA
continues to refuse to authorize releases of farm production income for living
and operating expenses, the family cannot continue to operate the farm.

Paul Menzies, of East Prairie, Missouri, filed a declaration stating that he
received a 1984 FmHA operating loan and that the proceeds from that loan, as
well as all income from sale of the 1984 crop, were placed in a bank account
over which FmHA had control. Menzies further stated that FmHA has refused to
release proceeds from sale of the 1984 crop to pay living and operating
expenses, that his request for a 1985 FmHA operating [**6]  loan was denied, and
that he has never received a notice of acceleration from FmHA.

In addition to the declarations of FmHA borrowers, Plaintiffs filed an affidavit
of Thomas A. Dickson, an attorney who has represented FmHA borrowers. He states
that an FmHA county supervisor told him it was the policy of his county office
to not release farm production income until a crop lien for the following
growing season was signed, regardless of FmHA's extension of operating loans.

Finally, Plaintiffs submitted a declaration of Larry G. Smith, a farm credit
counselor for the State of North Dakota. He stated that at least two FmHA
borrowers had told him that FmHA officials had requested the borrowers'
signatures on 1986 crop security agreements prior to releasing funds from 1985
crop proceeds covered by FmHA security agreements.  Attached to Smith's
declaration was a copy of a letter Smith believed was sent to all FmHA borrowers
in at least one North Dakota county. The letter states that 1986 crop security
agreements must be signed before releases are made on 1985 farm proceeds and
outlines priorities for release:


     1. Chattel and crop subordinations,

     2. Operating expenses according [**7]  to farm and home plan,

     3. FmHA annual installments,

     4. Real estate payments and real estate taxes,

     5. Planned secured debts,

     6. Delinquencies on secured debts and delinquent taxes,

     7. Unsecured debts.



Defendants submitted declarations of several FmHA officials. Bernie E.  Kyllo,
Chief of Farmer Programs for the North Dakota state FmHA office, stated that
FmHA employees in North Dakota have been instructed "to release proceeds from
the sale of chattel security normally sold in the operation of the farm based on
a prior year's plan regardless of whether the plan has expired or not." Further,
Kyllo responded to Coleman's declaration by stating that Coleman had a farm and
home plan approved for 1985, that on March 7, 1985 FmHA released proceeds from
Coleman's sale of his 1984 grain crop for operating expenses, that FmHA believes
Coleman has sold livestock on which FmHA holds a security interest without
reporting receipt of the sale proceeds to FmHA, and that Coleman had requested
no releases of crop proceeds during the years 1982 through 1984. James P. Moen,
Chief of Farmer Programs for the Minnesota state FmHA office, stated that FmHA
employees in Minnesota [**8]  had been instructed "to release proceeds from the
sale of chattel security normally sold in the course of operating the farm in
accordance with the most recent farm and home plan even if that plan has
expired." Moen responded to Hansen's declaration; he stated that Hansen's most
recently approved farm and home plan was for 1983, that FmHA had not received
the payments which it was projected to receive in the 1983 plan, that the only
money FmHA had received from Hansen from 1983 through September 30, 1985 was
small amounts for use of cash collateral as ordered by a bankruptcy court, and
that FmHA has not refused any requests for release of farm proceeds to Hansen
during 1984 or 1985. Moen also responded to Smith's declaration; he stated
Smith's most recent farm and home plan was for 1984, that Smith's proposed 1985
plan was not approved because FmHA felt projected income and operating expenses
[*1001]  were unrealistically high, that FmHA approved Smith's January 1, 1985
request for release of proceeds, and that FmHA has not refused to release
proceeds from the sale of chattel security to Smith.

Glenn J. Hertzler, Jr., Acting Assistant Administrator for Farmer Programs for
the [**9]  national FmHA office, stated that a current year's farm and home
plan, if one exists, forms the basis for FmHA's decisions on release of chattel
proceeds. He stated that FmHA does not require an annual farm and home plan
unless a borrower is receiving an FmHA loan or other FmHA assistance, provided a
borrower is not making major changes in farm operation. Hertzler stated further
that when there is no current farm and home plan, "releases may be made based on
the County Supervisor's knowledge of the borrower's current operations, plus
inquiry and verification of the facts about the borrower's current operation in
the running case record (§ 1962.17(d)(2)). The release decision is an informal
one that is made when the borrower reports the disposition of normal income
security, or asks the County Supervisor to endorse a check received as proceeds
from a sale."

DISCUSSION

Plaintiffs argue that the injunction, as presently worded and interpreted,
allows FmHA to effectively force borrowers to liquidate or terminate farming
operations without affording mandated procedural due process. Many members of
the Plaintiff class, as a condition for receiving loans from FmHA, have granted
FmHA a [**10]  security interest in all farm proceeds, i.e., livestock, crops,
milk production. Many members of the Plaintiff class depend on FmHA's release of
its security interest in those proceeds to pay essential family living and farm
operating expenses. Many members of the Plaintiff class do not have current farm
and home plans, even though FmHA continues to hold a security interest in their
farm production income. Plaintiffs do not allege FmHA has refused to grant
releases incorporated into a farm and home plan. Rather, they challenge FmHA's
refusal to release proceeds for living and operating expenses when a borrower,
who has no current farm and home plan, has unexpected living expenses or when a
borrower's income is less than projected.

FmHA regulations in effect prior to November 1, 1985 established priorities for
the use of farm production proceeds when income was lower than projected. The
first priority was for payment of family living and farm operating expenses and
the second priority was for payments on debts to FmHA:


     Distribution of income from normal income security. On finding that
     the amount of income originally planned for the year will not be
     received, the County [**11]  Supervisor will determine, in
     consultation with the borrower, how to use the income that is
     available during the remainder of the planned year as shown on Form
     FmHA 431-2 or FmHA 431-4. . . . Priorities in distributing the income
     that will be available are as follows:

     (i) Pay necessary farm, home, and other expenses planned for payment
     by cash as incurred.

     (ii) Prorate repayments or credit advance for necessary farm, home,
     and other operating expenses to FmHA and other creditors.

     (iii) Make planned payments on other debts as shown on Table K of Form
     431-2 [Farm and Home Plan] or Part I of Form FmHA 431-3. . . .


7 C.F.R. § 1962.17(c) (1985). See also 7 C.F.R. § 1924.57(c)(4) (1985).

Plaintiffs argue that FmHA borrowers have a constitutionally protected property
interest in the release of farm production income which arises from FmHA's
regulations and from FmHA loan agreements, and which exists without regard to
whether a current farm and home plan exists. They argue their position is
consistent with the social welfare goals of the FmHA loan program. Plaintiffs
argue also that a borrower's agreement to apply farm proceeds to an FmHA debt
(such as on "Schedule K" of [**12]  the standard FmHA farm and home  [*1002]
plan) cannot be considered a knowing and voluntary waiver of the right to due
process protections should actual farm production income fall below projected
farm production income.

Defendants raise several arguments in opposition to the motion to modify the
injunction. They argue that Plaintiffs have demonstrated no actual injuries
justifying the relief they seek, that Plaintiffs have demonstrated no "changed
circumstances" or failure of the final injunction's purpose justifying
modification of the injunction, and that Plaintiffs should not now be allowed to
raise matters they could have raised initially. Further, they argue Plaintiffs'
waiver analysis is irrelevant, because a borrower and FmHA are actually
negotiating a contractual agreement for the release of farm production income in
negotiating a farm and home plan. Finally, they argue FmHA's new regulations,
adopted November 1, 1985, require agreement between a borrower and FmHA on
release of farm production income regardless of whether there is a current farm
and home plan and that the new regulations would prevent termination of release
of those proceeds without notice and a hearing.

[**13]  This court will first address Defendants' assertion that Plaintiffs have
not demonstrated changed circumstances justifying modification of the
injunction. A district court has inherent power to modify a permanent injunction
when warranted by changed circumstances.  U.S. v. Swift & Co., 286 U.S. 106,
114, 52 S. Ct. 460, 462, 76 L. Ed. 999 (1932). Where modification is sought by
the party in whose favor the injunctive relief was granted, the standard for
determining whether modification is appropriate is whether the purposes of the
litigation as incorporated into the injunctive decree have been fully achieved.
See U.S. v. United Shoe Machinery Corp., 391 U.S. 244, 248, 88 S. Ct. 1496,
1499, 20 L. Ed. 2d 562 (1968); see also U.S. v. City of Chicago, 663 F.2d 1354,
1360 (7th Cir. 1981). This court concludes that Plaintiffs have shown facts
sufficient to allow this court to consider whether a modification of the
injunction to fully effectuate its purposes is necessary.

In their extensive briefs on this motion, both parties discussed the November 1,
1985 regulations, though Plaintiffs took the position that those regulations are
not relevant to this motion. This court recently [**14]  granted Plaintiffs'
motion to file a supplemental complaint to raise allegations concerning those
new regulations. The instant motion will be decided without regard to those
regulations.

FmHA distinguishes between "termination" of releases of farm production income
and "refusals to release" farm production income. "Termination" occurs when all
releases of farm production income are frozen at the time a borrower's farming
operation is liquidated; FmHA asserts this practice has not been followed since
this court's injunction of November 14, 1983. A "refusal to release" is made
during the course of loan servicing when FmHA denies a borrower's individual
request for release.

A decision on the instant motion requires an analysis of the nature of an FmHA
borrower's constitutionally protected interest. In its order issuing a
preliminary injunction on Plaintiffs' principal complaint, this court observed:



     The defendants argue that the plaintiffs' interest in continuing their
     participation in the farmer loan program is not a legitimate property
     interest. They argue that this interest is merely an abstract need or
     desire and under the holding of Board of Regents v. Roth, 408 U.S.
     564,  [**15]  577, 92 S. Ct. 2701, 33 L. Ed. 2d 548 (1972) does not
     qualify as a property right. However, this court finds otherwise. When
     a borrower begins a loan program he has a strong expectation that it
     will continue to its scheduled date of completion. Further, when he
     makes up his Farm and Home Plan with the FmHA the borrower has a
     strong expectation he will receive the necessary living and operating
     expenses called for in the plan. That the borrower's  [*1003]  plan
     may be terminated for default does not defeat these expectations
     anymore than such possible termination for ineligibility would defeat
     the expectation of persons receiving social assistance and food
     stamps. Just so, the Supreme Court has recognized that welfare
     recipients have a legitimate expectation that their benefits will
     continue.  Goldberg v. Kelly, 397 U.S. 254, 261-62, 90 S. Ct. 1011,
     1016-1017, 25 L. Ed. 2d 287 (1970). (Emphasis in original).


 Coleman v. Block, 562 F. Supp. 1353, 1364 (D.N.D. 1983). In that same order, as
well as in the later order for permanent injunctive relief, Defendants were
enjoined from "repossessing chattels of the plaintiffs or in any way proceeding
against or depriving  [**16]   the plaintiffs of property in which the
defendants have a security interest," id. at 1367, unless specified due process
protections are provided. See also Coleman v. Block, 580 F. Supp. 194, 211
(D.N.D. 1984). In its order granting permanent injunctive relief, this court
wrote:
     Eldridge [Mathews v. Eldridge, 424 U.S. 319 [47 L. Ed. 2d 18, 96 S.
     Ct. 893] (1976)] suggests that a threshold problem is still whether
     the interest is protected by due process, i.e., whether there exists
     in the mortgaged chattels a property interest protected by the Fifth
     Amendment. [Citation omitted.] Whether such a threshold problem is
     advisable or not, a property interest clearly exists in a chattel
     mortgage. The distinction between a possessory interest and a security
     interest, and the relative rights attendant to each interest need not
     be elaborated here. See, e.g., U.C.C. § 9-501. And even if a property
     interest is not found, FmHA is obligated to set up a meaningful appeal
     process. Anything less would be contrary to the Constitution as well
     as the administrator's legal authority.


 Coleman, 580 F. Supp. at 207.

Also relevant is the principle, which this court [**17]  has recognized in
earlier orders, that the fruits of a person's labor are entitled to certain
protections from creditors:


     There is deeply embedded in the law . . . a distinction between farm
     products on the one hand, and equipment and inventory on the other
     hand.  This difference, although not precise, is important because it
     points us towards a fundamental element of our social thinking, i.e.,
     the biblical injunction that "a laborer is worthy of his [or her]
     hire."


 Id. at 203.

FmHA borrowers have a strong expectation that releases of FmHA's security
interests in farm production income for necessary living and operating expenses
will be made, whether or not a current farm and home plan exists; their interest
in those releases is protected by the due process clause of the fifth amendment.
That interest arises from the special protections afforded farm income as a form
of wages, as well as from FmHA's regulations. A farm and home plan based on
projected farm income which is higher than actual farm income cannot be
considered a borrower's agreement to FmHA's later refusal to release its
security interest when income is less than expected. Though not basing [**18]
its decision on this provision, this court notes the protection for "normal
income security" afforded by the Food Security Act of 1985, Pub. L. No. 99-447
(1985), which amended 7 U.S.C. § 1985.

This court concludes that the language of the permanent injunction is inadequate
to insure FmHA borrowers' rights in "normal income security" or farm production
income are protected as guaranteed by the due process clause of the fifth
amendment. Because of that inadequacy, the purposes of the litigation as
incorporated into the injunctive decree have not been fully achieved and
modification of that decree is in order.

Modification of the decree will not take the form of deleting a phrase and
inserting another as suggested by Plaintiffs; rather it will take the form of
adding  [*1004]  a paragraph addressed solely to those situations where FmHA
holds a security interest in a borrower's "normal income security" or farm
production income, the borrower does not have a current farm and home plan
approved by an FmHA official, and FmHA denies a request for release of FmHA's
security interest for purposes of paying living and operating expenses. While a
borrower is entitled to an opportunity to [**19]  request a hearing to contest a
refusal to release FmHA's security interest, a borrower is not entitled to such
a hearing prior to FmHA's denial decision. The procedural protections to which a
borrower is entitled must be tailored so as to be practical. See Goss v. Lopez,
419 U.S. 565, 95 S. Ct. 729, 42 L. Ed. 2d 725 (1975). The decisions at issue are
a part of the daily operation of the FmHA county offices. The decisions can be
made only after borrowers request releases. FmHA cannot, as a practical matter,
be compelled to hold a hearing prior to making a decision to deny the requested
release. However, the borrower must be given a written notice outlining the
right to a hearing to be held at the earliest date practicable, and in no event
more than twenty days after the denial of the requested release. That hearing,
like the hearings required under the present language of the injunction, may be
informal; notes of the hearing, as distinguished from a verbatim record, must be
preserved by FmHA.

In reaching this decision, as in its earlier orders, this court does not pass
judgment on the wisdom of FmHA's decisions in the cases of individual borrowers.
This order is addressed only [**20]  to Plaintiffs' rights to notice of, and an
opportunity to contest, FmHA's decisions.

CONCLUSION

For the foregoing reasons, IT IS ORDERED:


     1). Plaintiffs' motion to amend and modify this court's final
     injunctive order of February 17, 1984 is granted.

     2). This court's order of February 17, 1984 is amended by adding the
     following paragraph F:

     Where FmHA holds a security interest in a borrower's "normal income
     security" or farm production income and a borrower does not have a
     current farm and home plan approved by an FmHA official, defendants
     are enjoined from refusing to release FmHA's security interest to
     provide an allowance for necessary living and operating expenses
     unless:

     1. Defendants give any plaintiff as to whom a requested release for
     necessary living and operating expenses is refused a notice:


          a. That informs the borrower of the right to a hearing,
          within twenty days, to contest the refusal and to establish
          eligibility for loan deferral pursuant to 7 U.S.C. § 1981a;

          b. That provides the borrower with a statement that gives
          the reasons for the refusal to grant the requested release;

          c. That informs the borrower of the factors [**21]  that
          determine eligibility for loan deferral;

          d. That informs the borrower of the official who would
          preside at the hearing. The official designated shall not
          have been actively involved in the initial decision to deny
          the requested release.



     2. The official presiding at any hearing shall present his or her
     decision in writing, giving the reasons therefor. The written decision
     shall be furnished to the borrower.




                             469 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                May 28, 1981, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Farm Loan Unit Raises Its Rates

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 12, Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 153 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, May 27


The Farmers Home Administration said today that it was raising the interest
rates on most of its loans by one-quarter to one and three-quarters points,
effective Saturday.

''The higher rates were necessary because interest rates are increasing and it's
our intent to keep our rates as close as possible with the cost of money to the
U.S. Treasury,'' said Dwight Calhoun, the agency's acting administrator.

The agency's new rates will be as follows: 14 1/2 percent on farm operating
loans, 15 percent on emergency disaster loans, 14 3/4 percent on economic
emergency loans, 13 1/4 percent on single-family rural home loans and 13 1/4
percent on multiple-family housing loans.

Interest rates will remain at 7 percent for very-low-income farm production
loans and 5 percent for very-low-income farm real estate loans.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             470 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            August 22, 2009 Saturday
                            WESTERN NEW YORK EDITION

LOCAL NEWS BRIEFS

SECTION: LOCAL; Local News Briefs; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 310 words


Farm agency offers loans for tornado damage

Family farmers in Erie County have been declared eligible for disaster emergency
loan assistance from the Farm Service Agency for damage and losses caused by the
tornado that struck July 25 in neighboring Genesee County.

Under the program, farmers may be eligible for physical loss loans of up to 100
percent of their actual losses, the operating loan amount needed to continue
business, or a maximum principal balance outstanding of $500,000, whichever is
less.

Farmers must be unable to obtain credit from private commercial lenders to
receive the loans. The interest rate on the emergency loans is 3.75 percent.

Applications will be accepted until April 7. The FSA office is located at 3542
Turner Road, Jamestown. For more information call 664-2351.

***

Downtown Fredonia hosts Farm Festival

FREDONIA -- The Fredonia Farm Festival is this weekend at Barker Commons.

Today's events include a farmers' market and craft, art and food vendors, a
children's pet show at 10 a.m. and a '50s sock hop, including a hula hoop
contest at noon at the park gazebo. At 5 p.m. there will be a pie contest, pie
auction, youth cookie contest and youth cookie auction. Music in the gazebo gets
under way at 7 p.m.

On Sunday, vendors will be on hand at the farmers' market and throughout the
park, with a parade getting under way at 1 p.m.

At 4 p.m. there will be a concert by country musician Sean Patrick McGraw.

***

Pfeiffer Center to hold events on insects, owls

PORTVILLE -- The Pfeiffer Nature Center, at 1974 Lillibridge Road, is host to
two events this month that are open to the public.

"Interesting Insects," with Bill Shelp, is scheduled from 10 a.m. to noon today.

"Owl Prowl," with Hawk Hideaway is planned for 7 to 9 p.m. Aug. 29. There is a
$5 fee.

To register, call (716) 933-0187. For information, visit
www.pfeiffernaturecenter.org.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             471 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               February 23, 2017

                  LITTLE COURT FARM RESIDENTS COMPANY LIMITED

                              3, LITTLE COURT FARM
                                  JACKASS LANE
                                   TANDRIDGE
                                 OXTED RH8 9NH


TRADE ADDRESS: 3, Little Court Farm Jackass Lane, OXTED RH8 9NH

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 03954723

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: March 23, 2000
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Miss Louise Hallett, Administrator
     ·    Mr Neil Anthony Mesher, Sales Director
     ·    Mr Bruce Connelly, Manager


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    MissLouise HelenaHallett


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Renting and operating of own or leased real estate
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68200

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: August 30, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: August 30

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  August 30, 2015
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Dormant
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  May 19, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  April 20, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  14,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           30/08/201 30/08/201 30/08/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                              60        60        60
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         0         0
Other Current Assets                              60        60        60
Total Current Assets                              60        60        60
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                      60        60        60



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           30/08/201 30/08/201 30/08/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                60        60        60
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                 60        60        60
Called Up Share Capital                           60        60        60
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   30/08/201 30/08/201 30/08/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed          60        60        60
Net Worth                 60        60        60
Working Capital           60        60        60
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0      0      0
Current Assets          0      0      0
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      0      0
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 59,273 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
70200 Letting of own property



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     3.03    11.52
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0     2.14     6.41
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0    21.62    61.19
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               4.38     7.69    30.85
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       12.15        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .08       .6     2.26
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            27,864.5 79,369.5 161,438.
                                                          1        9        4
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,800 23,120.3 39,861.1
                                                                   7        1
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    70,000 168,352.  404,200
                                                                   9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  29.98     15.9     8.02



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  7
=        2
Year -1  7
=        2
Year -2  8
=        6
Year -3  8
=        3

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                0/08/201 30/08/201 30/08/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      1         1         1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                             472 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The New Nation (Bangladesh)

                             June 2, 2011 Thursday

Bribery for farm loans

LENGTH: 337 words

DATELINE: Dhaka


Dhaka, June 2 -- ACCORDING to press reports, a section of Krishi Bank officials
is taking bribes in return for providing agricultural loans to poor farmers for
cultivation of their land. Despite the government's directive to ensure
corruption-free disbursement of 'farm loans', farmers are not getting loans in a
fair way. Some bank officials and employees in connivance with middlemen are
collecting their tips of Taka 100 to 200 as 'bribe' for a loan of Tk 1,000 only
as reported.

In fact such meagre amount of loans are given only to those who can satisfy the
corrupt section of bank employees. The government's much avowed agricultural
loan is being disbursed by the banks rather whimsically and not necessarily to
the farmers for cultivating their lands. Non-farmers are also drawing 'farm
loans' by giving bribe to the bank employees for doing business as farmers of a
nearby district alleged. As alleged the bank employees even do not honour the
lists given by the 'block supervisor' of the Department of Agricultural
Extension for rice cultivation for disbursement of loans as any one can have it
provided if one pays bribe money fixed through brokers. The government as a
whole appears not to be serious about proper disbursement of farm loan among
farmers as they being poor usually have to borrow money during lean seasons for
cultivation of different crops including 'Boro' and 'Aman' paddy. Lack of
regular monitoring and supervision by the central bank and other concerned
authorities is responsible for creating such loopholes and breeding corruption
in the disbursement of the farm loan. Both public and private commercial banks
operating in the country are lagging in disbursing farm loans though the
Bangladesh Bank asked them to disburse at least 2.5 per cent of their credit and
advances for agriculture. Published by HT Syndication with permission from The
New Nation. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2011 The New Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             473 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               February 20, 2017

                               GORES WINDFARM LTD

                                   GROVE FARM
                                     OFFICE
                        GROVE FARM OFFICE ABBOTS RIPTON
                              HUNTINGDON PE28 2PE


TRADE ADDRESS: Grove Farm Office Grove Farm Office Abbots Ripton, HUNTINGDON
PE28 2PE

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 07599659

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: April 11, 2011
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mrs Susan Sadler, Director
     ·    Mrs Vannessa Featherstone, Director
     ·    Mrs Victoria Blake, Director


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Production of electricity
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
35110 - Building and repairing of ships

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: April 30, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: April 30

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  April 30, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Dormant
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  February 15, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  April 11, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  21,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           30/04/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               3         3         3
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         0         0
Other Current Assets                               3         3         3
Total Current Assets                               3         3         3
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                       3         3         3



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           30/04/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 3         3         3
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                  3         3         3
Called Up Share Capital                            3         3         3
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   30/04/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed           3         3         3
Net Worth                  3         3         3
Working Capital            3         3         3
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0      0      0
Current Assets          0      0      0
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      0      0
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 2,789 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
40101 Electricity generation



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -2.33     1.11    12.05
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -5.03     -.25     4.91
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                            -22.58     6.98    34.18
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                .66    13.03    28.51
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       32.07     1.34        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .13      .75     2.09
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            -10256.2 88,611.1 226,557.
                                                                   7        8
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  30,977.1   39,750 55,110.2
                                                          8                 2
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    74,000 238,766.  860,000
                                                                   1
Wages / Turnover (%)                                   37.4    10.98     4.73



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  6
=        9
Year -1  6
=        9
Year -2  6
=        8
Year -3  6
=        8

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                0/04/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      1         1         1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2017


                             474 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                               February 17, 2017

                         MOORSIDE FARM SUPPLIES LIMITED

                                 MOORSIDE FARM
                                   MOORSHOLM
                                    SALTBURN
                          SALTBURN-BY-THE-SEA TS12 3LP


TRADE ADDRESS: Moorside Farm Moorsholm, SALTBURN-BY-THE-SEA TS12 3LP

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01287660630
FAX: 01287-660560

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 03590075

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: June 30, 1998
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Peter Reginald Shaw, Supplier Of Farm Products
     ·    Mr Luke Matthew Shaw, Salesman


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    AlisonWilkie


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Support activities for animal production (other than farm
animal boarding and ca
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
01629

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: August 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: August 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  August 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  December 2, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  June 30, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  47,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/08/201 31/08/201 31/08/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                              327,506   306,551   261,235
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                           327,506   306,551   261,235
Stocks                                        18,725    19,925    18,975
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                         144,258   166,752   166,608
Miscellaneous Current Assets                 296,781   234,551   248,626
Other Current Assets                         441,039   401,303   415,234
Total Current Assets                         459,764   421,228   434,209
Fixed Assets                                 327,506   306,551   261,235
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 787,270   727,779   695,444



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/08/201 31/08/201 31/08/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            225,340   223,538   205,010
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                    225,340   223,538   205,010
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                   29,369    25,178    36,116
Total Current Liabilities                    225,340   223,538   205,010
Total Long Term Liabilities                   29,369    25,178    36,116
TOTAL LIABILITIES                            254,709   248,716   241,126
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry               100       100       100
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                532,461   478,963   454,218
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                            532,561   479,063   454,318
Called Up Share Capital                          100       100       100
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                   561,930   504,241   490,434


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/08/201 31/08/201 31/08/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed     561,930   504,241   490,434
Net Worth            532,561   479,063   454,318
Working Capital      234,424   197,690   229,199
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets         8.17   13.2  33.64
Current Assets       9.15   5.89  19.17
Current              0.81   9.92   31.2
Liabilities
Capital Employed    11.44  14.58  34.64
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 1,089 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
01429 Animal husbandry service activities, except
veterinary activities, not elsewhere classified



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                   Lowe Media Upper
                                                      r     n
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  0 18.75 80.77
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                    .09 11.61 32.71
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                           .32  9.56 29.46
Sales / Total Assets (%)                           40.0 106.3 224.6
                                                      1     4     8
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x    60.5     0     0
365                                                   1
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                 .6   1.1  2.02
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -     -     -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)     -     -     -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                     -     -     -
Wages / Turnover (%)                               41.0 25.91 14.86
                                                      7



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  9
=        1
Year -1  8
=        6
Year -2  9
=        0
Year -3  8
=        1

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/08/201 31/08/201 31/08/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                2.04      1.88      2.12
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  1.96       1.8      2.03
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.68      0.66      0.65
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                       12.03     11.22      10.8
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 561,930

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Wasley Chapman LLP

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2017


                             475 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                January 5, 2017

                     JONATHAN KENWRIGHT CONSULTING LIMITED

                                FOLLY FARM HOUSE
                                   FOLLY FARM
                                    NOTGROVE
                              CHELTENHAM GL54 3BY


TRADE ADDRESS: Folly Farm House Folly Farm Notgrove, CHELTENHAM GL54 3BY

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 07900753

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: January 6, 2012
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Jonathan Paul Kenwright, Solicitor


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    MrsSarah AnneKenwright


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Solicitors
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
69102

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  November 29, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  January 3, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  12,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                  174       218         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                               174       218         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                           3,475       190       272
Miscellaneous Current Assets                     800    10,800     4,800
Other Current Assets                           4,275    10,990     5,072
Total Current Assets                           4,275    10,990     5,072
Fixed Assets                                     174       218         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                   4,449    11,208     5,072



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities              4,351    10,623     4,975
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                      4,351    10,623     4,975
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                       35        44         -
Total Current Liabilities                      4,351    10,623     4,975
Total Long Term Liabilities                       35        44         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                              4,386    10,667     4,975
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                10        10        10
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                     53       531        87
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                 63       541        97
Called Up Share Capital                           10        10        10
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                        98       585        97


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed          98       585        97
Net Worth                 63       541        97
Working Capital          -76       367        97
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets       -60.31 -12.28  -18.8
Current Assets      -61.1 -15.71 -21.97
Current            -59.04 -12.54 -16.82
Liabilities
Capital Employed   -83.25   1.03 -60.48
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 7,841 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
74119 Legal activities not elsewhere classified



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     29.9    79.31
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0    11.98    44.11
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0     8.16    28.22
Sales / Total Assets (%)                             120.13   158.82   226.33
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x      118.71    47.61        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .87     1.21     2.22
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            40,992.2 64,169.7 115,893.
                                                          7        4        6
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  24,677.8 33,115.1 57,539.6
                                                          9        8        8
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  56,662.0 88,345.6 154,543.
                                                          4        8        2
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  54.66    38.72    32.08



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  4
=        4
Year -1  3
=        9
Year -2  5
=        2
Year -3  2
=        4

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                0.98      1.03      1.02
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.98      1.03      1.02
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.01      0.05      0.02
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 98

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Westell Accountants

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2017


                             476 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2016 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               December 22, 2016

                             HALBEATH FARM LIMITED

                                 HALBEATH FARM
                                  DUNFERMLINE
                              DUNFERMLINE KY12 0TY


TRADE ADDRESS: Halbeath Farm, DUNFERMLINE KY12 0TY

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01383729329
FAX: 01383729329

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: SC067449

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: March 26, 1979
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  HALBEATH FARM (HOLDINGS) LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  HALBEATH FARM (HOLDINGS) LIMITED

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Robin John King Orr, Farmer


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    Nancy Agnes Selkirk MuirOrr, Farmer


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Mixed farming
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
01500 - Hunting, trapping and game propagation including related service
activities
01400 - Agricultural and animal husbandry service activities, except veterinary
activities

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: May 28, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: May 28

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  May 28, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  December 9, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  May 23, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  30,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           28/05/201 28/05/201 28/05/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                              513,435   555,787   547,803
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                           513,435   555,787   547,803
Stocks                                        49,145    32,950    41,073
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -       507     2,443
Miscellaneous Current Assets                   9,574     3,738     2,706
Other Current Assets                           9,574     4,245     5,149
Total Current Assets                          58,719    37,195    46,222
Fixed Assets                                 269,252   276,389   282,398
Intermediate Assets                          244,183   279,398   265,405
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 572,154   592,982   594,025



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           28/05/201 28/05/201 28/05/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            300,912   280,261   261,306
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                    300,912   280,261   261,306
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                    300,912   280,261   261,306
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                            300,912   280,261   261,306
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry             5,000     5,000     5,000
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                266,242   307,721   327,719
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                            271,242   312,721   332,719
Called Up Share Capital                        5,000     5,000     5,000
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                   271,242   312,721   332,719


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   28/05/201 28/05/201 28/05/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed     271,242   312,721   332,719
Net Worth            271,242   312,721   332,719
Working Capital      -242193   -243066   -215084
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets        -3.51  -3.68  49.86
Current Assets      57.87  27.04 -24.58
Current              7.37  15.16  24.66
Liabilities
Capital Employed   -13.26 -18.48   93.2
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 3,013 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
01300 Growing of crops combined with farming of
animals (mixed farming)



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -.98     3.01    12.04
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -.94     2.22     8.47
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -2.08     7.69    21.35
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               8.93    31.41    73.33
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        28.3        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                     .5     1.12     2.98
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -        -        -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  16,517.8 22,101.1 26,218.1
                                                          6        9        4
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  36,428.5 86,421.8 193,261.
                                                          7        8        9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  34.43    19.81    13.56



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  9
=        7
Year -1  9
=        5
Year -2  9
=        9
Year -3  9
=        8

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                8/05/201 28/05/201 28/05/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                 0.2      0.13      0.18
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.03      0.02      0.02
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.47      0.53      0.56
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                        6.12      8.51      6.36
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 271,242

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Thomson Cooper Accountants

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2017


                             477 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2016 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               September 30, 2016

                      A.S. AUDHALI (BROILER FARMS) LIMITED

                           FARM GATE, FIVE WAYS ROAD
                                     HATTON
                                    WARWICK
                                WARWICK CV35 7HZ


TRADE ADDRESS: Five Ways Road Hatton, WARWICK CV35 7HZ

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01926484280
FAX: 01926-484243

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 01688446

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: December 22, 1982
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  A.S. AUDHALI FARM GATE FRESH POULTRY LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  A.S. AUDHALI FARM GATE FRESH POULTRY LIMITED



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name                         Turnove
No.                                                        r
01607933        A.S. AUDHALI (DIGBETH COLD STORE)          0
                LTD
-               -                                          -
-               -                                          -
-               -                                          -
-               -                                          -
-               -                                          -
-               -                                          -
-               -                                          -
-               -                                          -
-               -                                          -

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Ali Saleh Audhali, Poultry Farmer


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    Matooka NasserAudhali, Poultry Farmre


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Mixed farming
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
01500 - Hunting, trapping and game propagation including related service
activities

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Dormant
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  September 27, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  September 5, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  20,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       -         -         -
Other Current Assets                               -         -         -
Total Current Assets                               -         -         -
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                       0         0         0



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry               100       100       100
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                   -100      -100      -100
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital                          100       100       100
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed           0         0         0
Net Worth                  0         0         0
Working Capital            -         -         -
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0      0      0
Current Assets          -      -      -
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      0      0
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 3,013 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
01300 Growing of crops combined with farming of
animals (mixed farming)



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -.98     3.01    12.04
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -.94     2.22     8.47
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -2.08     7.69    21.35
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               8.93    31.41    73.33
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        28.3        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                     .5     1.12     2.98
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -        -        -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  16,517.8 22,101.1 26,218.1
                                                          6        9        4
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  36,428.5 86,421.8 193,261.
                                                          7        8        9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  34.43    19.81    13.56



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  8
=        9
Year -1  8
=        9
Year -2  9
=        6
Year -3  9
=        6

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      -         -         -
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 0         0         0
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               0         0         0
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              0         0         0
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2017


                             478 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               February 12, 2017

                        SHADY HALL FARM LETTINGS LIMITED

                                SHADY HALL FARM
                                   FORD ROAD
                                   MARSH LANE
                               SHEFFIELD S21 5RE


TRADE ADDRESS: Shady Hall Farm Ford Road Marsh Lane, SHEFFIELD S21 5RE

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 06645308

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: July 14, 2008
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Karen Awdas-poyser, Dp Technician
     ·    Allan Stafford Poyser, Self Employed


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Other letting and operating of own or leased real estate
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68209

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: September 30, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: September 30

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  September 30, 2015
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  September 29, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  January 18, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  GUARANTEE

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           30/09/201 31/07/201 31/07/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                              119,839         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                           119,839         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                          53,249         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0     1,000     1,000
Other Current Assets                          53,249     1,000     1,000
Total Current Assets                          53,249     1,000     1,000
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                          119,839         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 173,088     1,000     1,000



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           30/09/201 31/07/201 31/07/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            182,416         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                    182,416         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                    182,416         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                            182,416         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry             1,000     1,000     1,000
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                 -10328         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                              -9328     1,000     1,000
Called Up Share Capital                        1,000     1,000     1,000
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                     -9328         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   30/09/201 31/07/201 31/07/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed       -9328     1,000     1,000
Net Worth              -9328     1,000     1,000
Working Capital      -129167     1,000     1,000
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts   2 Years 3 Years 5 Years
                       GBP     GBP     GBP
Sales                    -       -       -
Pretax                   -       -       -
Total Assets       17,208. 17,208. 17,208.
                         8       8       8
Current Assets     5,224.9 5,224.9 5,224.9
Current                  -       -       -
Liabilities
Capital Employed   -1032.8 -1032.8 -1032.8
Employee Wages           -       -       -
Number of                -       -       -
Employees



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  4
=
Year -1  3
=
Year -2  2
=        0
Year -3  4
=        2

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                0/09/201 31/07/201 31/07/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                0.29         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.29         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                  -0.05         1         1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP -9328

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2017


                             479 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2016 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               December 24, 2016

                      MANOR FARM (COOMBE BISSETT) LIMITED

                                   MANOR FARM
                                 COOMBE BISSETT
                                   SALISBURY
                               SALISBURY SP5 4LE


TRADE ADDRESS: Manor Farm Coombe Bissett, SALISBURY SP5 4LE

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 00620541

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: February 6, 1959
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Alan Stephen Garrett, Farming
     ·    Elizabeth Jennifer Pottow, Director And Company Secretary


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Renting and operating of own or leased real estate
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68200

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  November 18, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  November 11, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  4,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                2,816     2,816     2,816
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                             2,816     2,816     2,816
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       -         -         -
Other Current Assets                               -         -         -
Total Current Assets                               -         -         -
Fixed Assets                                   2,816     2,816     2,816
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                   2,816     2,816     2,816



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities              2,178     3,135     4,202
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                      2,178     3,135     4,202
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                      2,178     3,135     4,202
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                              2,178     3,135     4,202
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry             3,000     3,000     3,000
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                  -2362     -3319     -4386
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                638      -319     -1386
Called Up Share Capital                        3,000     3,000     3,000
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                       638      -319     -1386


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed         638      -319     -1386
Net Worth                638      -319     -1386
Working Capital        -2178     -3135     -4202
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0      0      0
Current Assets          -      -      -
Current            -30.53 -48.17  -44.2
Liabilities
Capital Employed     -300 -146.0 -158.6
                               3      9
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 59,273 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
70200 Letting of own property



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     3.03    11.52
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0     2.14     6.41
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0    21.62    61.19
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               4.38     7.69    30.85
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       12.15        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .08       .6     2.26
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            27,864.5 79,369.5 161,438.
                                                          1        9        4
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,800 23,120.3 39,861.1
                                                                   7        1
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    70,000 168,352.  404,200
                                                                   9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  29.98     15.9     8.02



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  2
=        4
Year -1  2
=        8
Year -2  6
=        7
Year -3  6
=        7

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.23     -0.11     -0.49
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 638

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Ward Goodman

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2017


                             480 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                The Pocahontas Times (Marlinton, West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                December 9, 2010

USDA provides $18.8 million in loans to state farmers

BYLINE: The Pocahontas Times staff

LENGTH: 268  words


Dale S. Dugan Jr., Farm Loan Manager for USDA/Farm Service Agency (FSA) in
Lewisburg recently announced that the Agency provided $18.8 million in direct
and guaranteed loans to 377 family farmers in West Virginia during fiscal year
2010. This has been a record setting year for the number of loans made and
dollars loaned. The Lewisburg office made a total of 69 loans totaling $2.3
million.

Statewide, this funding included more than $3.34 million in direct loans for 70
socially disadvantaged (SDA) borrowers and $7.69 million in loans for 160
beginning farmers. For purposes of this program, socially disadvantaged groups
include women, African Americans, American Indians, Alaskan Natives, Hispanics,
Asian Americans, and Pacific Islanders. Beginning farmers include those that
have farmed less than 10 years. The remaining $7.8 million was loaned to
non-beginning/SDA farmers.

FSA makes loans to purchase and operate family size farms. Loan funds can be
used to finance livestock, farm equipment, annual operating expenses and most
other farm related expenses. Interest rates vary from 1.5% to 4.75% depending on
loan type. Applicants must meet eligibility requirements which are outlined on
the Agency website at www.fsa.usda.gov. "Anyone having questions may contact the
local FSA office at 304-645-6172 ext. 2 to obtain information or to schedule an
appointment with a loan officer," Dugan said, "You can also ask your local bank
about the guarantee loan program. Applicants may want to make plans for the New
Year and make their requests early as money is available on a first come, first
served basis."

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PCH

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2010 The Pocahontas Times


                             481 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                January 31, 2017

                  BARTON HALL FARM MANAGEMENT COMPANY LIMITED

                          THE PADDOCK BARTON HALL FARM
                               KINGSKERSWELL ROAD
                                  NEWTON ABBOT
                             NEWTON ABBOT TQ12 4SU


TRADE ADDRESS: The Paddock Barton Hall Farm Kingskerswell Road, NEWTON ABBOT
TQ12 4SU

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 06597535

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: May 20, 2008
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Jean Margaret Mallinson, Housewife
     ·    Alan Edward Mallinson, Property Manager


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    MissTracyMallinson


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Management of real estate on a fee or contract basis
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68320

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: May 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: May 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  May 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Dormant
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  January 26, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  May 20, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  14,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/05/201 31/05/201 31/05/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                      10        10        10
Other Current Assets                              10        10        10
Total Current Assets                              10        10        10
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                      10        10        10



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/05/201 31/05/201 31/05/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                10        10        10
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                 10        10        10
Called Up Share Capital                           10        10        10
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/05/201 31/05/201 31/05/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed          10        10        10
Net Worth                 10        10        10
Working Capital           10        10        10
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0      0      0
Current Assets          0      0      -
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      0      0
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 27,873 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
70320 Management of real estate on a fee or contract
basis



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     6.52       25
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0      .55    16.22
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0     1.98       20
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              44.56    89.16   165.42
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       52.87        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                     .8     1.13     2.81
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            27,964.2 51,071.8   86,397
                                                          7        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  15,348.8 25,915.8 41,333.3
                                                          9        1        3
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                     8,000   31,000 107,634.
                                                                            8
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  47.43    31.17    12.92



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  7
=        6
Year -1  7
=        6
Year -2  6
=        1
Year -3  8
=        9

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/05/201 31/05/201 31/05/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      1         1         1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2017


                             482 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 21, 2017

                             COBBS FARM CO. LIMITED

                                COBBS FARM SHOP
                                   BATH ROAD
                                   HUNGERFORD
                              HUNGERFORD RG17 0SP


TRADE ADDRESS: Cobbs Farm Shop Bath Road, HUNGERFORD RG17 0SP

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01488686770
URL: www.cobbsplaybarn.co.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 05995373

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: November 10, 2006
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 108

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name                     Turnover
No.
07250024        FIELDERS FARM SHOPS LIMITED       452,052
06517565        COUNTRY FOOD & DINING (2)         266,574
                LIMITED
06517558        COUNTRY FOOD & DINING (3)        2,069,20
                LIMITED                                 6
06517511        COUNTRY FOOD & DINING (4)        1,205,60
                LIMITED                                 6
-               -                                       -
-               -                                       -
-               -                                       -
-               -                                       -
-               -                                       -
-               -                                       -

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Gordon Scott Alexander Montgomery, Chartered Accountant
     ·    Mr Kristian Gumbrell, Consultant
     ·    Alexanda David Michael Bruce, Brewer/consultant
     ·    Tom Patrick Newey, Company Director


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    Cargil Management Services Limited


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Licensed restaurants
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated HCO

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
56101

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 27, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 27, 2015
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Group
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  July 5, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  November 17, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  105,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           27/12/201 28/12/201 29/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            3,503,333 2,907,079 2,324,579
Intangible Assets                            373,771   571,457    59,630
Total Fixed Assets                         3,877,104 3,478,536 2,384,209
Stocks                                       437,862   308,511   139,400
Debtors                                       10,666    44,145    67,213
Cash                                         675,024   334,269   163,610
Miscellaneous Current Assets                 103,447    43,876    72,108
Other Current Assets                         778,471   378,145   235,718
Total Current Assets                       1,226,999   730,801   442,331
Fixed Assets                               3,503,333 2,902,079 2,309,579
Intermediate Assets                                -     5,000    15,000
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               5,104,103 4,209,337 2,826,540



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           27/12/201 28/12/201 29/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                    686,080   445,955   234,304
Bank Overdraft                                87,013         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            207,127   315,184   125,832
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                         294         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                        294         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                    206,833   315,184   125,832
Short Term Loans                              87,307         -         -
Long Term Loans                              253,333         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                          253,333         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                    980,220   761,139   360,136
Total Long Term Liabilities                  253,333         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          1,233,553   761,139   360,136
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry         3,979,102 3,463,879 3,947,613
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                -108552    -15681  -1481209
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                          3,870,550 3,448,198 2,466,404
Called Up Share Capital                    1,726,746 1,523,948 1,100,286
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)         2,252,356 1,939,931 2,847,327
Contingent Liabilities                        20,000         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 4,123,883 3,448,198 2,466,404


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   27/12/201 28/12/201 29/12/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales        5,136,351 3,579,954 2,704,059
Cost of Sales      3,236,974 2,272,740 1,758,527
Gross Profit       1,899,377 1,307,214   945,532
Operating Profit      -81746    -31824   -126651
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income         26         0         0
Interest Payable      11,151     7,648     2,384
Pretax Profit         -92871    -39472   -129035
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax      -92871    -39472   -129035
Dividends Payable          0         0         0
Retained Profits      -92871    -39472   -129035
Value Added          300,912   295,947   211,434
Capital Employed   4,123,883 3,448,198 2,466,404
Net Worth          3,496,779 2,876,741 2,406,774
Working Capital      246,779    -30338    82,195
Emp. Renumeration    202,000   215,223   214,866
Dir. Renumeration    202,000   215,223   214,866
Audit Fees            10,900     8,373     8,500
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation         180,658   112,548   123,219
Number of                108         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                               27/12/201 28/12/201 29/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
                                                     GBP       GBP       GBP
Net Cashflow From Operating Activities            12,767         -         -
Net Cashflow From Return On Investment And        -11125         -         -
Servicing Of Finance
Net Cashflow Before Financing                     43,794         -         -
Net Cashflow From Financing                      296,961         -         -
Increase In Cash                                 340,755         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales               43.48  89.95 104.91
Pretax             135.28 -28.03 -22.61
Total Assets        21.26  80.58  72.13
Current Assets       67.9 177.39  170.2
Current             28.78 172.18    165
Liabilities
Capital Employed     19.6   67.2  58.89
Employee Wages      -6.14  -5.99  -6.38
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 14,250 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
55301 Licensed restaurants



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -5.4     6.88    33.33
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -5.31     1.73    12.93
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -3.38     1.35      7.5
Sales / Total Assets (%)                             110.15    227.2   463.06
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        3.27        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .19      .55     1.03
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            16,888.8 20,098.1 24,699.8
                                                          8        4        1
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  13,112.3 15,232.0 16,943.4
                                                                   9        3
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  39,849.8 47,296.7 58,820.5
                                                          5        7        9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  35.27    31.48    27.28



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  7
=        6
Year -1  8
=        0
Year -2  8
=        3
Year -3  7
=        7

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                7/12/201 28/12/201 29/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)               -2.25     -1.14     -5.23
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                         -1.82     -0.94     -4.57
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)              -2.4     -1.14     -5.23
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                          -1.81      -1.1     -4.77
Sales / Total Assets (%)                          100.63     85.05     95.67
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                            1.47      1.23      1.17
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                          4.8     -0.85      3.04
Sales / Stocks                                     11.73      11.6      19.4
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )      0.76       4.5      9.07
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.25      0.96      1.23
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.81      0.55      0.84
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                          9.74         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.76      0.82      0.87
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                      7.24         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                -13.65    -24.03     -1.88
Current Liabilities / Stocks                        2.24      2.47      2.58
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees     1,870.37         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                   3.93      6.01      7.95
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)        -859.92         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)               47,558.8         -         -
                                                       1
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees          38,184.1         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        32,438.2         -         -
                                                       7
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        47,260.2         -         -
                                                       1
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                   -30.86    -13.34    -61.03
Value Added / Sales (%)                             5.86      8.27      7.82
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)         2,786.22         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                 1.49      1.38      0.98
Sales / Audit Fees                                471.22    427.56    318.12
Total Assets / Audit Fees                         468.27    502.73    332.53
Creditors / Debtors                                64.32      10.1      3.49
Total Debt / Working Capital                        1.38         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                           0.07         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 4,123,883

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Ross Brooke Ltd

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2017


                             483 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Courier (Freeman, South Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 14, 2012

FSA assistance for new farmers

BYLINE: Freeman Courier staff

LENGTH: 390  words


The USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA) is working harder than ever to assist new
farmers and ranchers. FSA State Executive Director Craig Schaunaman recently
unveiled a new Land Contract Guarantee Program and several other tools designed
to help beginning farmers and ranchers build the foundation for a successful
career in agriculture.

"New farmers face many challenges, like obtaining land for example," said
Schaunaman. "FSA is going to provide new options to help them to work through
this challenging startup issue." Peak land values, tight commercial credit,
minimal credit history, and less collateral make it difficult for new and
smaller farmers in South Dakota to get a commercial business loan right now.

The Land Contract Guarantee Program provides a new approach for landowners
willing to sell and finance a land purchase to a beginning or socially
disadvantaged farmer. The program offers two options, one that guarantees up to
three annual installment payments on the contract and one that guarantees 90
percent of the unpaid principal of the contract. Guarantees can be used in the
purchase of land for up to $500,000.

"South Dakota farmers represent all walks of life, as well as a wide variety of
backgrounds and ages," notes Schaunaman. "This program will work well for
beginning and minority growers in South Dakota, and we encourage producers to
visit with us to determine if FSA can assist with their individual needs," he
said.

Another new change to the agency's lending rules for new producers is to allow
more flexibility in the minimum experience requirement. Under the new rule, FSA
loan officers are now allowed to consider all prior farming experience,
including on - the - job training and formal education when determining
eligibility for FSA Farm Operating and Ownership Loans. To qualify for the
Beginning Farmer and Rancher Loan Program, applicants must have a minimum level
of agricultural experience, but not more than 10 years operating a farm or
ranch. Schaunaman also recommends that people considering a farming career visit
the new USDA website www.start2farm.gov to learn more about loan programs
available for beginning farmers and ranchers.

For additional information about FSA programs, contact the local FSA office or
visit us online at www.fsa.

FSA Notes

Turner County Farm Service Agency Parker-297-5564

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FRE

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                  Copyright 2012 Freeman, South Dakota Courier


                             484 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 21, 2017

                             TROSTON FARMS LIMITED

                               TROSTON FARMS LTD
                                PARK FARM DRIVE
                                    STANTON
                            BURY ST EDMUNDS IP31 2DL


TRADE ADDRESS: Park Farm Park Farm Drive, BURY ST EDMUNDS IP31 2DL

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
FAX: 01359-268769

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 00683407

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: February 14, 1961
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Herr Helmut Franz Claas, Manufacturer
     ·    Mr Alastair John Kerr, Farmer
     ·    Mrs Cathrina Anneli Claas-muehlhaeuser, Company Director
     ·    Mr Clive Edward Last, Chief Executive


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Growing of non-perennial crops
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Administration (UK)

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
01100 - Growing of crops; market gardening; horticulture

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: September 30, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: September 30

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  September 30, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Small   modified Balance Sheet
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  February 25, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  August 31, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  425,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           30/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            26,698,65 26,668,38 26,923,51
                                                   4         9         8
Intangible Assets                            113,239   129,126   145,013
Total Fixed Assets                         26,811,89 26,797,51 27,068,53
                                                   3         5         1
Stocks                                       797,457   835,764   784,158
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -    17,533    16,283
Miscellaneous Current Assets               1,415,315 2,008,498 2,124,557
Other Current Assets                       1,415,315 2,026,031 2,140,840
Total Current Assets                       2,212,772 2,861,795 2,924,998
Fixed Assets                               22,735,98 22,705,71 22,960,84
                                                   2         7         6
Intermediate Assets                        3,962,672 3,962,672 3,962,672
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               29,024,66 29,659,31 29,993,52
                                                   5         0         9



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           30/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities          3,723,811   632,011 1,002,104
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                  3,723,811   632,011 1,002,104
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                4,913,524 8,706,454 8,692,702
Total Current Liabilities                  3,723,811   632,011 1,002,104
Total Long Term Liabilities                4,913,524 8,706,454 8,692,702
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          8,637,335 9,338,465 9,694,806
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry         18,719,20 18,719,20 18,719,20
Reserves                                           0         0         0
Profit & Loss Account Reserve              1,668,130 1,601,645 1,579,523
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                          20,387,33 20,320,84 20,298,72
                                                   0         5         3
Called Up Share Capital                      305,000   305,000   305,000
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)         18,414,20 18,414,20 18,414,20
                                                   0         0         0
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 25,300,85 29,027,29 28,991,42
                                                   4         9         5


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   30/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed   25,300,85 29,027,29 28,991,42
                           4         9         5
Net Worth          20,274,09 20,191,71 20,153,71
                           1         9         0
Working Capital     -1511039 2,229,784 1,922,894
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets        -2.14  -3.23  23.18
Current Assets     -22.68 -24.35 -28.59
Current             489.2  271.6 228.95
Liabilities
Capital Employed   -12.84 -12.73  12.79
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 5,024 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
01100 Growing of crops; market gardening; horticulture



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -.04     4.88    15.63
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -.28     3.05     9.52
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -.09     4.05    16.43
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              22.85    87.41   165.91
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       39.54    16.83        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .71     1.47      3.5
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            23,109.5 33,252.4 48,787.0
                                                          8        6        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  15,691.4 21,531.3 28,340.2
                                                          9        5        8
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  46,025.6 102,613. 218,432.
                                                          8        1        6
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  32.41    20.75    10.71



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  80
=
Year -1  79
=
Year -2  99
=
Year -3  10
=         0

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                0/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                0.59      4.53      2.92
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.38      3.21      2.14
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                    0.7      0.69      0.68
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                        4.67      0.76      1.28
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 25,300,854

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2017


                             485 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                January 14, 2017

                               GAGES FARM LIMITED

                                   GAGES FARM
                               BUCKFASTLEIGH ROAD
                                   ASHBURTON
                             NEWTON ABBOT TQ13 7JW


TRADE ADDRESS: Gages Farm, NEWTON ABBOT TQ13 7JW

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01364654252
FAX: 01364654252

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 04402963

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: March 25, 2002
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  GAGES FARM HOLDINGS LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  GAGES FARM HOLDINGS LIMITED

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Margaret Lang, Butcher
     ·    Henry George Lang, Butcher
     ·    George Lang, Company Director
     ·    Mr Thomas Henry Lang, Butcher


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Processing and preserving of meat
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
10110

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: April 30, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: April 30

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  April 30, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  January 5, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  March 25, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  42,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           30/04/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                               76,393    75,184    83,441
Intangible Assets                             39,000    45,500    52,000
Total Fixed Assets                           115,393   120,684   135,441
Stocks                                         6,552     5,365    12,362
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                         449,920   393,666   260,782
Miscellaneous Current Assets                 133,035   146,214   158,178
Other Current Assets                         582,955   539,880   418,960
Total Current Assets                         589,507   545,245   431,322
Fixed Assets                                  76,393    75,184    83,441
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 704,900   665,929   566,763



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           30/04/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            304,418   203,469   103,978
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                    304,418   203,469   103,978
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                  395,190   429,936   391,259
Total Current Liabilities                    304,418   203,469   103,978
Total Long Term Liabilities                  395,190   429,936   391,259
TOTAL LIABILITIES                            699,608   633,405   495,237
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry             2,000     2,000     2,000
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                  3,292    30,524    69,526
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                              5,292    32,524    71,526
Called Up Share Capital                        2,000     2,000     2,000
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                   400,482   462,460   462,785


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   30/04/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed     400,482   462,460   462,785
Net Worth             -33708    -12976    19,526
Working Capital      285,089   341,776   327,344
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets         5.85  24.37  43.07
Current Assets       8.12  36.67   55.5
Current             49.61 192.77 206.29
Liabilities
Capital Employed    -13.4 -13.46   1.82
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 879 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
15100 Production, processing and preserving of meat
and meat products



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   2.08    10.92    21.49
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                        .83     5.15    11.48
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                               .46     1.79     4.51
Sales / Total Assets (%)                             190.32   279.24   412.06
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       43.51    32.92    18.81
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .66     1.08     1.88
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            26,238.0   31,375 41,181.8
                                                          4                 5
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  19,088.2 21,735.2 25,421.0
                                                          7        9        5
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  138,351. 225,137. 344,044.
                                                          6        8        2
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  14.87    10.15     7.06



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  7
=        2
Year -1  8
=        3
Year -2  8
=        9
Year -3  9
=        6

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                0/04/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.94      2.68      4.15
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  1.91      2.65      4.03
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.01      0.05      0.13
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                       46.46     37.93      8.41
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 400,482

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2017


                             486 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2016 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                  June 3, 2016

                        HOME FARM HOUSE (ESHER) LIMITED

                               1 HOME FARM HOUSE
                               6 HOME FARM CLOSE
                                     ESHER
                                 ESHER KT10 9HA


TRADE ADDRESS: 1 HOME FARM HOUSE 6 HOME FARM CLOSE, ESHER KT10 9HA

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 02297123

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: September 15, 1988
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    William Edward Freear, Security Consultant
     ·    Mr Duncan James Calverley, Chartered Accountant
     ·    Joanne Clare Calverley, Investor


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Management of real estate on a fee or contract basis
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Normal   Medium sized unquoted company exempt from filing a
turnover figure

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68320

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  May 11, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  March 31, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  12,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                8,399     8,399     8,399
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                             8,399     8,399     8,399
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -     7,859     1,694
Miscellaneous Current Assets                  17,190     3,281     4,457
Other Current Assets                          17,190    11,140     6,151
Total Current Assets                          17,190    11,140     6,151
Fixed Assets                                   8,399     8,399     8,399
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                  25,589    19,539    14,550



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities             18,684    12,634     7,646
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -     6,838         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -     6,838         -
Other Current Liabilities                     18,684     5,796     7,646
Short Term Loans                                   -     6,838         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                     18,684    12,634     7,646
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                             18,684    12,634     7,646
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry             6,905     8,000     8,000
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0     -1095     -1096
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                              6,905     6,905     6,904
Called Up Share Capital                            -     8,000     8,000
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)             6,905         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                     6,905     6,905     6,904


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -       151       152
Cost of Sales              -         0         0
Gross Profit               -       151       152
Operating Profit           -         1         2
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         0         0
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         1         2
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         1         2
Dividends Payable          -         0         0
Retained Profits           -         1         2
Value Added                -         1         2
Capital Employed       6,905     6,905     6,904
Net Worth              6,905     6,905     6,904
Working Capital        -1494     -1494     -1495
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         0         0
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets        30.96  75.87  71.43
Current Assets      54.31 179.47 163.33
Current             47.89 144.36 132.82
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0   0.01   0.04
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 27,873 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
70320 Management of real estate on a fee or contract
basis



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     6.52       25
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0      .55    16.22
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0     1.98       20
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              44.56    89.16   165.42
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       52.87        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                     .8     1.13     2.81
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            27,964.2 51,071.8   86,397
                                                          7        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  15,348.8 25,915.8 41,333.3
                                                          9        1        3
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                     8,000   31,000 107,634.
                                                                            8
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  47.43    31.17    12.92



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  6
=        0
Year -1  7
=        0
Year -2  8
=        2
Year -3  8
=        6

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -      0.01      0.03
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -      0.01      0.01
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -      0.01      0.03
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -      0.66      1.32
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -      0.77      1.04
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -      0.02      0.02
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -    -989.4   -983.55
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                0.92      0.88       0.8
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.92      0.88       0.8
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -     99.03         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.27      0.35      0.47
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -       100       100
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -      0.66      1.32
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -     -4.58         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -      0.35         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 6,905

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2016


                             487 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2016 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                  May 30, 2016

                            PEMBERTON FARMS LIMITED

                          HALL FARM, WOODHAM MORTIMER
                                     MALDON
                                     ESSEX
                                 MALDON CM9 6SN


TRADE ADDRESS: Hall Farm, Maldon Road, Woodham, MALDON CM9 6SN

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01621850050
FAX: 01621-850050

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 00799375

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: April 3, 1964
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  PEMBERTON FARMS (HOLDINGS) LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  PEMBERTON FARMS (HOLDINGS) LIMITED

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Ian David Pemberton, Farmer
     ·    Mr Richard John Pemberton, Company Director
     ·    Simon Michael Pemberton, Consultant
     ·    Stephen Ronald Pemberton, Farmer


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Growing of non-perennial crops
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
01100 - Growing of crops; market gardening; horticulture

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: September 30, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: September 30

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  September 30, 2015
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  April 28, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  April 30, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  81,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           30/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            1,391,996 1,351,654 1,416,699
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                         1,391,996 1,351,654 1,416,699
Stocks                                       235,292   245,422   261,848
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                           1,222     1,228     1,111
Miscellaneous Current Assets                 907,672   593,905   185,924
Other Current Assets                         908,894   595,133   187,035
Total Current Assets                       1,144,186   840,555   448,883
Fixed Assets                               1,374,412 1,334,070 1,399,115
Intermediate Assets                           17,584    17,584    17,584
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               2,536,182 2,192,209 1,865,582



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           30/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            947,591   909,788   622,310
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                    947,591   909,788   622,310
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                   70,228    56,228    62,819
Total Current Liabilities                    947,591   909,788   622,310
Total Long Term Liabilities                   70,228    56,228    62,819
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          1,017,819   966,016   685,129
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry            88,600    88,600    88,600
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve              1,429,763 1,137,593 1,091,853
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                          1,518,363 1,226,193 1,180,453
Called Up Share Capital                        1,000     1,000     1,000
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)            87,600    87,600    87,600
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 1,588,591 1,282,421 1,243,272


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   30/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed   1,588,591 1,282,421 1,243,272
Net Worth          1,518,363 1,226,193 1,180,453
Working Capital      196,595    -69233   -173427
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets        15.69  35.95  42.59
Current Assets      36.12  154.9 185.71
Current              4.16  52.27  69.69
Liabilities
Capital Employed    23.87  27.78  30.19
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 5,024 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
01100 Growing of crops; market gardening; horticulture



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -.04     4.88    15.63
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -.28     3.05     9.52
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -.09     4.05    16.43
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              22.85    87.41   165.91
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       39.54    16.83        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .71     1.47      3.5
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            23,109.5 33,252.4 48,787.0
                                                          8        6        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  15,691.4 21,531.3 28,340.2
                                                          9        5        8
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  46,025.6 102,613. 218,432.
                                                          8        1        6
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  32.41    20.75    10.71



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  98
=
Year -1  80
=
Year -2  82
=
Year -3  10
=         0

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                0/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.21      0.92      0.72
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.96      0.65       0.3
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                    0.6      0.56      0.63
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                        4.03      3.71      2.38
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 1,588,591

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Mayor Cuttle & Co

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2017


                             488 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               February 12, 2017

                          THE PICA TERRA GROUP LIMITED

                                MOOR FARM OFFICE
                                   MOOR FARM
                                   EAST ROAD
                               SLEAFORD NG34 8SP


TRADE ADDRESS: Moor Farm Office Moor Farm East Road, SLEAFORD NG34 8SP

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01529305632
URL: www.picaterra.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 06697131

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: September 15, 2008
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Simon Jay, Director


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Agents involved in the sale of machinery, industrial
equipment, ships and aircra
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Normal   Medium sized unquoted company exempt from filing a
turnover figure

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
46140
82000

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  January 12, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  September 15, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  14,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       -         -         -
Other Current Assets                               -         -         -
Total Current Assets                               -         -         -
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                       0         0         0



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                      431       418       353
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                      431       418       353
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                431       418       353
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry               100       100       100
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                   -531      -518      -453
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                               -431      -418      -353
Called Up Share Capital                          100       100       100
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed           0         0         0
Net Worth               -431      -418      -353
Working Capital            -         -         -
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0      0   -100
Current Assets          -      -      -
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      0   -100
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 2,132 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
51140 Agents involved in the sale of machinery,
industrial equipment, ships and aircraft



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   4.76     16.2       50
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       2.24     8.31    20.27
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              1.96      6.4    16.87
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              81.94   177.98    284.5
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       68.44    31.93        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                      1      1.4      2.5
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            59,566.3   77,392 124,822.
                                                          9                 6
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  32,860.3 48,113.6 71,793.1
                                                          9        4        1
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  134,442. 245,126. 661,351.
                                                          9        6        7
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  46.46    20.69     8.99



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  3
=        2
Year -1  3
=        2
Year -2  7
=
Year -3  7
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      -         -         -
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 0         0         0
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               0         0         0
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              0         0         0
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2017


                             489 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                February 4, 2017

                       CLIVE SUTTON FARM SERVICES LIMITED

                                       3
                                MARSH COURT FARM
                                  ROMSEY ROAD
                              STOCKBRIDGE SO20 6DF


TRADE ADDRESS: 3 Marsh Court Farm Romsey Road, STOCKBRIDGE SO20 6DF

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 08029983

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: April 13, 2012
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 1

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Clive Sutton, Farm Services


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Raising of dairy cattle
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
01410 - Agricultural service activities

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: April 30, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: April 30

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  April 30, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Total Exemption Full
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  January 29, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  April 13, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  13,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           30/04/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                              3,000     3,500     4,000
Total Fixed Assets                             3,500     4,000     4,500
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -       231
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       -         0         0
Other Current Assets                               -       231     3,267
Total Current Assets                           1,059         -       231
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                   4,059     3,500     4,231



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           30/04/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                 1,488         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities              4,011     3,409     6,898
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                      4,011     3,409     6,898
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                      4,004     4,011     3,409
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                              4,011     3,409     6,898
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry               100       100       100
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                    -46      -611       722
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                 55      -511       822
Called Up Share Capital                          100       100       100
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                        55      -511       822


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   30/04/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales           29,331         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit          28,939         -         -
Operating Profit      12,583         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           2         -         -
Pretax Profit         12,581         -         -
Taxation               2,516         -         -
Profit After Tax      10,065         -         -
Dividends Payable      9,500         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed        -511       822       869
Net Worth              -2945     -4011     -3178
Working Capital        -4011     -3178     -3631
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration      9,842         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  1         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets       -17.28 -54.94      -
Current Assets          -      -      -
Current             17.66 -41.85      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed   -162.1 -158.8      -
                        7
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 1,824 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
01210 Farming of cattle, dairy farming



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     2.52      8.7
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                        -.5     2.16     5.78
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0     4.31    13.39
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              16.29    57.48    111.9
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       35.99    19.16        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .59     1.06     2.37
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            33,657.9 40,816.4 68,376.5
                                                          3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  19,411.9 22,330.1 26,632.8
                                                                   4        3
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    93,950 175,892.  291,800
                                                                   8
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  23.08    14.29     6.96



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  5
=        9
Year -1  5
=        9
Year -2  6
=        5
Year -3  8
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                0/04/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -      0.07      0.47
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -      0.07      0.47
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                  -0.15      0.19      0.11
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 55

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Vectis Accountants Ltd

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2017


                             490 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                January 23, 2017

                             PLAIN ENGLISH LIMITED

                        HILLSIDE FARM, (THORNY LEE FARM)
                                     COMBS
                                   HIGH PEAK
                               HIGH PEAK SK23 9UT


TRADE ADDRESS: Hillside Farm, (thorny Lee Farm) Combs, HIGH PEAK SK23 9UT

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01298815979
FAX: 020-7729-4270
URL: www.plainenglishdesign.co.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 02723911

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: June 18, 1992
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Ms Christina Rose Maher, Journalist


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    Peter AlexanderGriffiths, Company Secretary


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Office administrative and support activities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
82100

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  August 25, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  January 6, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  10,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       -         -         -
Other Current Assets                               -         -         -
Total Current Assets                               -         -         -
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                       0         0         0



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  7         7         7
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          7         7         7
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          7         7         7
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  7         7         7
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry               100       100       100
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                   -107      -107      -107
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                 -7        -7        -7
Called Up Share Capital                          100       100       100
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                        -7        -7        -7


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed          -7        -7        -7
Net Worth                 -7        -7        -7
Working Capital           -7        -7        -7
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0      0      0
Current Assets          -      -      -
Current                 0      0      0
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      0      0
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 5,947 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
74830 Secretarial and translation activities



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0    14.45    78.87
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0     4.81    31.64
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0     4.34    21.66
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              78.03   170.42   350.27
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       32.56        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .77     1.07        2
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            29,873.4 49,967.8 80,283.5
                                                          7        7        6
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  19,819.3 32,688.2 53,702.7
                                                          1        6
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  45,528.8 86,932.8 159,424.
                                                          5        9        2
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  53.78    41.39    23.54



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  3
=        9
Year -1  3
=        9
Year -2  5
=        7
Year -3  5
=        7

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      -         -         -
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               0         0         0
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              0         0         0
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP -7

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2017


                             491 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2016 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               December 24, 2016

                             EASTON GRANGE LIMITED

                                  OFFICE FARM
                                  LETHERINGHAM
                                   WOODBRIDGE
                              WOODBRIDGE IP13 7RA


TRADE ADDRESS: Office Farm Letheringham, WOODBRIDGE IP13 7RA

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 07880230

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: December 13, 2011
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  ALTERRA FARMS LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  ALTERRA FARMS LIMITED

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Alastair John Kerr, Director


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Other service activities n.e.c.
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
96090

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  May 25, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  December 13, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  45,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                          21,228    38,228    34,315
Miscellaneous Current Assets               2,124,388 1,960,797 1,842,625
Other Current Assets                       2,145,616 1,999,025 1,876,940
Total Current Assets                       2,145,616 1,999,025 1,876,940
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               2,145,616 1,999,025 1,876,940



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities          1,982,843 1,942,920    80,055
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                  1,982,843 1,942,920    80,055
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         - 1,833,000
Total Current Liabilities                  1,982,843 1,942,920    80,055
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         - 1,833,000
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          1,982,843 1,942,920 1,913,055
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 1         1         1
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                162,772    56,104    -36116
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                            162,773    56,105    -36115
Called Up Share Capital                            1         1         1
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                   162,773    56,105 1,796,885


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed     162,773    56,105 1,796,885
Net Worth            162,773    56,105    -36115
Working Capital      162,773    56,105 1,796,885
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2 3 Years   5 Years
                    Years
                      GBP     GBP       GBP
Sales                   -       -         -
Pretax                  -       -         -
Total Assets         7.33   14.31     30.55
Current Assets       7.33   14.31 99,999,99
                                          9
Current              2.05 2,376.8   5,719.4
Liabilities                     5
Capital Employed   190.12  -90.94    -89.89
Employee Wages          -       -         -
Number of               -       -         -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 51,512 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
93050 Other service activities not elsewhere classified



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -1.56    14.73    63.04
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -.57     7.63    38.84
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -.22     5.64    25.86
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              68.27   159.04   304.62
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       11.65        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .55     1.03     1.97
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            21,440.2 36,861.8 54,174.9
                                                          7        5        7
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  11,128.6 18,062.5 24,493.5
                                                          9                 2
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  23,586.9 34,835.7 86,283.0
                                                          6        1        2
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  69.44     47.7       25



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  6
=        1
Year -1  4
=        9
Year -2  2
=        6
Year -3  7
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.08      1.03     23.45
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  1.08      1.03     23.45
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.08      0.03     -0.02
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 162,773

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                             492 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                January 24, 2017

                               THAMESHOLD LIMITED

                                       1A
                               CHALK FARM PARADE
                                 ADELAIDE ROAD
                                 LONDON NW1 8BB


TRADE ADDRESS: 155 Regents Park Road, LONDON NW1 8BB

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
FAX: 020-7586-3051

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 02565849

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: December 6, 1990
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  CHALK FARM INVESTMENTS LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  CHALK FARM INVESTMENTS LIMITED



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name            Turnove
No.                                           r
02640151        Medpine Ltd, London, U        0
                K
-               -                             -
-               -                             -
-               -                             -
-               -                             -
-               -                             -
-               -                             -
-               -                             -
-               -                             -
-               -                             -

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    David Anthony Aarons, Consultant


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Renting and operating of own or leased real estate
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68200

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  September 20, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  December 6, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  18,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                             150       150       150
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         0         0
Other Current Assets                             150       150       150
Total Current Assets                             150       150       150
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                     150       150       150



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry               150       150       150
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                150       150       150
Called Up Share Capital                          150       150       150
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed         150       150       150
Net Worth                150       150       150
Working Capital          150       150       150
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0      0      0
Current Assets          0      0      0
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      0      0
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 59,273 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
70200 Letting of own property



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     3.03    11.52
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0     2.14     6.41
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0    21.62    61.19
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               4.38     7.69    30.85
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       12.15        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .08       .6     2.26
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            27,864.5 79,369.5 161,438.
                                                          1        9        4
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,800 23,120.3 39,861.1
                                                                   7        1
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    70,000 168,352.  404,200
                                                                   9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  29.98     15.9     8.02



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  9
=        1
Year -1  9
=        1
Year -2  7
=        8
Year -3  7
=        8

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      1         1         1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2017


                             493 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               February 20, 2017

                   WOODHOUSE FARM MANAGEMENT COMPANY LIMITED

                                THE COPPICE BARN
                               THE WOODHOUSE FARM
                                    STAPLOW
                                LEDBURY HR8 1NP


TRADE ADDRESS: The Coppice Barn The Woodhouse Farm, LEDBURY HR8 1NP

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 07527458

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: February 11, 2011
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    David John Furnival, None
     ·    Susan Jennifer Furnival, None


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Residents property management
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Normal   Medium sized unquoted company exempt from filing a
turnover figure

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
98000

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: February 29, 2016

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  February 29, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  July 28, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  February 11, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  14,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           29/02/201 28/02/201 28/02/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                           2,828     2,250     2,349
Miscellaneous Current Assets                     583       803       645
Other Current Assets                           3,411     3,053     2,994
Total Current Assets                           3,411     3,053     2,994
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                   3,411     3,053     2,994



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           29/02/201 28/02/201 28/02/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -        11
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -        11
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -        11
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -        11
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry             3,411         4         4
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0     3,049     2,979
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                              3,411     3,053     2,983
Called Up Share Capital                            -         4         4
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)             3,411         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -     2,983


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   29/02/201 28/02/201 28/02/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed       3,411     3,053     2,983
Net Worth              3,411     3,053     2,983
Working Capital        3,411     3,053     2,983
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets        11.73  13.93  43.56
Current Assets      11.73  13.93  43.56
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed    11.73  14.35  43.56
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 27,873 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
70320 Management of real estate on a fee or contract
basis



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     6.52       25
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0      .55    16.22
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0     1.98       20
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              44.56    89.16   165.42
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       52.87        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                     .8     1.13     2.81
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            27,964.2 51,071.8   86,397
                                                          7        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  15,348.8 25,915.8 41,333.3
                                                          9        1        3
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                     8,000   31,000 107,634.
                                                                            8
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  47.43    31.17    12.92



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  7
=        6
Year -1  8
=        3
Year -2  8
=        9
Year -3  8
=        9

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                9/02/201 28/02/201 28/02/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -    272.18
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -    272.18
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      1         1         1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2017


                             494 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               February 15, 2017

                      HAYE FARM MANAGEMENT COMPANY LIMITED

                                   HAYE FARM
                                   HAYE ROAD
                                   PLYMSTOCK
                                PLYMOUTH PL9 8AU


TRADE ADDRESS: Haye Farm Haye Road, PLYMOUTH PL9 8AU

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 05029402

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: January 29, 2004
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Lucinda Baker, House Wife
     ·    Susan Marie Kirby, England
     ·    Duncan Matthews, Retail Management


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Residents property management
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited company without share capital::Private Limited
company without share capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
98000

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: January 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: January 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  January 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  October 12, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  January 29, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  14,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/01/201 31/01/201 31/01/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                           2,530     1,696         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0       670         -
Other Current Assets                           2,530     2,366         -
Total Current Assets                           2,530     2,366         -
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                   2,530     2,366         0



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/01/201 31/01/201 31/01/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                180       874         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                        180       874         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                        180       874         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                180       874         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry             2,350     1,492         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                              2,350     1,492         -
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)             2,350     1,492         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                     2,350     1,492         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/01/201 31/01/201 31/01/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed       2,350     1,492         0
Net Worth              2,350     1,492         0
Working Capital        2,350     1,492         -
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets         6.93      0      0
Current Assets       6.93      -      -
Current            -79.41      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed    57.51      0      0
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 27,873 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
70320 Management of real estate on a fee or contract
basis



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     6.52       25
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0      .55    16.22
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0     1.98       20
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              44.56    89.16   165.42
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       52.87        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                     .8     1.13     2.81
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            27,964.2 51,071.8   86,397
                                                          7        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  15,348.8 25,915.8 41,333.3
                                                          9        1        3
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                     8,000   31,000 107,634.
                                                                            8
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  47.43    31.17    12.92



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  7
=        6
Year -1  5
=        9
Year -2  8
=        9
Year -3  8
=        9

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/01/201 31/01/201 31/01/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities               14.06      2.71         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                 14.06      2.71         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.93      0.63         -
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         0
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         0
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         0
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 2,350

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2017


                             495 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               February 13, 2017

                              AUCHMORE ENERGY LTD

                                 AUCHMORE FARM
                                     HOUSE
                                 AUCHMORE FARM
                              MUIR OF ORD IV6 7XB


TRADE ADDRESS: Auchmore Farm House Auchmore Farm, MUIR OF ORD IV6 7XB

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01463870315

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: SC406865

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: September 6, 2011
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Stephen Mackenzie, Farmer
     ·    Mrs Sheena Mairi Mackenzie, Farmer


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Production of electricity
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
35110 - Building and repairing of ships
82000

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: August 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: August 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  August 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  September 28, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  September 6, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  GUARANTEE

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/08/201 31/08/201 31/08/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                               90,763    97,654     5,455
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                            90,763    97,654     5,455
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                          31,799     7,865       616
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         0         0
Other Current Assets                          31,799     7,865       616
Total Current Assets                          31,799     7,865       616
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                           90,763    97,654     5,455
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 122,562   105,519     6,071



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/08/201 31/08/201 31/08/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities             66,992   109,825    36,597
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                     66,992   109,825    36,597
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                   17,637       514         -
Total Current Liabilities                     66,992   109,825    36,597
Total Long Term Liabilities                   17,637       514         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                             84,629   110,339    36,597
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry               100       100       100
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                 37,833     -4920    -30626
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                             37,933     -4820    -30526
Called Up Share Capital                          100       100       100
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                    55,570     -4306    -30526


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/08/201 31/08/201 31/08/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed      55,570     -4306    -30526
Net Worth             37,933     -4820    -30526
Working Capital       -35193   -101960    -35981
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts   2 Years 3 Years  5 Years
                       GBP     GBP      GBP
Sales                    -       -        -
Pretax                   -       -        -
Total Assets         16.15 1,918.8   380.62
                                 1
Current Assets      304.31 5,062.1     24.7
                                 8
Current                -39   83.05   167.97
Liabilities
Capital Employed   -1390.5 -282.04 10,991.8
                         2                2
Employee Wages           -       -        -
Number of                -       -        -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 2,789 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
40101 Electricity generation



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -2.33     1.11    12.05
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -5.03     -.25     4.91
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                            -22.58     6.98    34.18
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                .66    13.03    28.51
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       32.07     1.34        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .13      .75     2.09
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            -10256.2 88,611.1 226,557.
                                                                   7        8
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  30,977.1   39,750 55,110.2
                                                          8                 2
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    74,000 238,766.  860,000
                                                                   1
Wages / Turnover (%)                                   37.4    10.98     4.73



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  6
=
Year -1  8
=
Year -2  1
=        3
Year -3  2
=        6

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/08/201 31/08/201 31/08/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                0.47      0.07      0.02
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.47      0.07      0.02
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.31     -0.05     -5.03
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 55,570

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Stewart & Stewart Ltd

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2017


                             496 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 8, 2017

                             TCI RENEWABLES LIMITED

                                  WILLOW COURT
                         MINNS BUSINESS PARK 7 WEST WAY
                                     OXFORD
                                 OXFORD OX2 0JB


TRADE ADDRESS: Willow Court Minns Business Park 7 West Way, OXFORD OX2 0JB

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01865261300
FAX: 01865261301
URL: www.tcirenewables.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 05360262

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: February 10, 2005
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 10

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name                  Turnove
No.                                                 r
NI634927        CLOVER CABLE COMPANY LTD            0
NI627994        BALLYUTOAG WIND FARM LTD            0
NI615496        UPPER BALLYROGAN WIND FARM          0
                LTD
NI614966        DUNMORE 2 WIND FARM LTD             0
NI614938        TEMPO WIND LTD                      0
NI609952        WHAPPSTOWN WIND FARM LTD            0
NI609164        CAM BURN WIND FARM LTD              0
NI606308        PIGEON TOP WIND FARM LTD            0
NI067528        BROCKAGHBOY WINDFARM LTD            0
08063892        COMMON BARN WIND FARM LTD           0

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr James Julian Cooney, Chartered Engineer
     ·    Wes Dickson, Finance Director
     ·    Brett O Connor, Chartered Civil Engineer
     ·    Mr Peter Cecil Craig, Projects Director (ni)


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    MrTerryHutchins


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Construction of utility projects for electricity and
telecommunications
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Normal   Company acting as agents

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
42220

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: September 30, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: September 30

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  September 30, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Full Accounts
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  February 27, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  February 10, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  315,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           30/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                7,426    10,523    14,133
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                             7,426    10,523    14,133
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                      110,527         -         -
Cash                                       12,719,98 13,047,33 7,855,333
                                                   3         1
Miscellaneous Current Assets                  25,741 4,011,165 3,256,885
Other Current Assets                       12,745,72 17,058,49 11,112,21
                                                   4         6         8
Total Current Assets                       12,856,25 17,058,49 11,112,21
                                                   1         6         8
Fixed Assets                                   7,361    10,439    14,049
Intermediate Assets                               65        84        84
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            - 3,562,010 2,803,027
TOTAL ASSETS                               12,863,67 17,069,01 11,126,35
                                                   7         9         1



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           30/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                     87,907    61,501    78,397
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            259,498   668,939   256,520
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                      24,457     9,419        31
Due To Group, Current                         24,457     9,419        31
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                    235,041   659,520   256,489
Short Term Loans                              24,457     9,419        31
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                    347,405   730,440   334,917
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                            347,405   730,440   334,917
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry         6,236,496 6,236,496 6,236,496
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve              6,279,776 10,102,08 4,554,938
                                                             3
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                          12,516,27 16,338,57 10,791,43
                                                   2         9         4
Called Up Share Capital                      300,063   300,063   300,063
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)         5,936,433 5,936,433 5,936,433
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 12,516,27 16,338,57 10,791,43
                                                   2         9         4


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   30/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales          938,831 1,259,700 4,568,234
Cost of Sales        271,042 1,440,376 1,157,126
Gross Profit         667,789   -180676 3,411,108
Operating Profit     -522334  -1244511   951,224
Export                     -   289,731 2,375,482
Nontrading Income  4,700,027 31,791,65   989,379
                                     6
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit      4,177,693 30,547,14 1,940,603
                                     5
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax   4,177,693 30,547,14 1,940,603
                                     5
Dividends Payable  8,000,000 25,000,00 3,999,988
                                     0
Retained Profits    -3822307 5,547,145  -2059385
Value Added          411,469   -127483 2,342,277
Capital Employed   12,516,27 16,338,57 10,791,43
                           2         9         4
Net Worth          12,516,27 16,338,57 10,791,43
                           2         9         4
Working Capital    12,508,84 16,328,05 10,777,30
                           6         6         1
Emp. Renumeration    926,567 1,108,232 1,378,411
Dir. Renumeration    295,966   465,664   442,459
Audit Fees            13,000    12,500    11,250
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation           7,236     8,796    12,642
Number of                 10        13        18
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales              -25.47 -79.45 -94.81
Pretax             -86.32 115.28 -71.14
Total Assets       -24.64  15.61  -3.08
Current Assets     -24.63  15.69  -2.97
Current            -52.44   3.73  -17.6
Liabilities
Capital Employed   -23.39  15.98   -2.6
Employee Wages     -16.39 -32.78 -24.15
Number of          -23.08 -44.44 -44.44
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 934 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
45213 Construction of civil engineering
constructions



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   5.79    17.45    38.81
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                        1.8     5.86    14.05
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                               1.1     3.29     8.36
Sales / Total Assets (%)                             131.71   210.61   285.12
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       82.41    61.45     35.7
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                      1     1.29     2.05
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            39,901.2 49,139.0 60,818.7
                                                          5        8        7
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  30,020.4   34,825 41,109.3
                                                          1                 8
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  126,268. 189,924. 311,905.
                                                          6        7        8
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  25.61    19.25    12.41



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  10
=         0
Year -1  10
=         0
Year -2  85
=
Year -3  32
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                0/09/201 30/09/201 30/09/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)               33.38    186.96     17.98
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                         32.48    178.96     17.44
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)             33.38    186.96     17.98
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                         444.99  2,424.95     42.48
Sales / Total Assets (%)                             7.3      7.38     41.06
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                          127.54    120.67    325.16
Export / Sales (%)                                     -        23        52
Working Capital / Sales (%)                     1,332.39  1,296.19    235.92
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )     42.97         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities               37.01     23.35     33.18
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                 37.01     23.35     33.18
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                           0.2      0.06         0
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.97      0.96      0.97
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees     92,656.7 85,248.62 76,578.39
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                  98.69     87.98     30.17
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)       417,769. 2,349,780 107,811.3
                                                       3
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)               93,883.1    96,900 253,790.8
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees          1,251,62 1,256,814 599,524.1
                                                       7
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)           736.1       803     780.5
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        1,286,36 1,313,001 618,130.6
                                                       8
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                 1,015.31  -23961.7     82.85
Value Added / Sales (%)                            43.83    -10.12     51.27
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)         41,146.9  -9806.38 130,126.5
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                 0.44     -0.12       1.7
Sales / Audit Fees                                 72.22    100.78    406.07
Total Assets / Audit Fees                         989.51  1,365.52    989.01
Creditors / Debtors                                  0.8         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           0         0         0
Total Debt / Total Assets                              0         0         0

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 12,516,272

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Grant Thornton UK LLP

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2017


                             497 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2016 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                October 27, 2016

                           THE MILE-FARM SHOP LIMITED

                        THE MILE FARM SHOP LTD THE MILE
                                  POCKLINGTON
                                      YORK
                                 York YO42 1TW


TRADE ADDRESS: The Mile Farm Shop Ltd The Mile Pocklington, York YO42 1TW

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01759305420
URL: www.themilefarmshop.co.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 07409072

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: October 15, 2010
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Joanne Lesley Florence, Farm Shop Retailer
     ·    Colin Barnes, Farm Shop Retailer


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    JOANNE LESLEYFLORENCE


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Small unquoted company filing only a modified balance sheet

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
52210 - Retail sale of fruit and vegetables

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: October 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: October 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  October 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  July 30, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  October 15, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/10/201 31/10/201 31/10/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                               62,000    45,000    22,000
Intangible Assets                                  0         0         0
Total Fixed Assets                            62,000    45,000    22,000
Stocks                                        11,000    14,000    12,000
Debtors                                            0         0         0
Cash                                           7,000     2,000     3,000
Miscellaneous Current Assets                   8,000     5,000     7,000
Other Current Assets                          15,000     7,000    10,000
Total Current Assets                          26,000    21,000    22,000
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        0         0         0
Due From Group, Current                            0         0         0
TOTAL ASSETS                                  88,000    66,000    44,000



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/10/201 31/10/201 31/10/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          0         0         0
Bank Overdraft                                     0         0         0
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities             50,000    27,000    15,000
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              0         0         0
Due To Directors, Current                          0         0         0
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          0         0         0
Due To Directors, Non Current                      0         0         0
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                     50,000    27,000    15,000
Total Long Term Liabilities                   53,000    46,000    29,000
TOTAL LIABILITIES                            103,000    73,000    44,000
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 0         0         0
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                 -15000     -7000         0
Revaluation Reserve                                0         0         0
Shareholder Funds                             -15000     -7000         0
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                    38,000    39,000    29,000


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/10/201 31/10/201 31/10/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed      38,000    39,000    29,000
Net Worth             -15000     -7000         0
Working Capital       -24000     -6000     7,000
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             0         0         0
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            -     33    100
Current Assets          -     24     18
Current                 -     85    233
Liabilities
Capital Employed        -     -3     31
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 1,151 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
52210 Retail sale of fruit and vegetables



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                   Lower Media Upper
                                                             n
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                4.65 21.96 67.53
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                    0.00  6.27 30.62
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                          -0.36  1.39  4.88
Sales / Total Assets (%)                           335.7 460.7 821.0
                                                       1     7     5
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x    13.00  0.00  0.00
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                0.47  0.90  1.55
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -     -     -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)      -     -     -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -     -     -
Wages / Turnover (%)                                   -     -     -



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  4
=        7
Year -1  4
=        7
Year -2  4
=        3
Year -3  5
=        7

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/10/201 31/10/201 31/10/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                0.52      0.78      1.47
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.30      0.26      0.67
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      -         -      0.00
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                        4.55      1.93      1.25
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 38,000

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Pocklington Accountancy Ltd

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2016


                             498 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                          February 11, 2004 Wednesday

Loan bias case forms

BYLINE: Chris Anderson

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 446 words


BLOOMINGTON -- Kristine Dunne wants to hear from farm women who believe they
were refused, based on gender, farm loan applications or the loans themselves.

Dunne, a Washington, D.C., attorney, represents 10 women who claim they were
denied farm operating, farm ownership or emergency farm loans between 1981 and
1996, or between Oct. 19, 1998, to the present. None of the claimants are from
Illinois.

However, 950 other women from nearly every state, including Illinois, have
submitted statements in the case of Love vs. U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann
Veneman. Most of the Illinois women live in the suburban Chicago area.

One plaintiff, Joyce King of Arkansas, attempted to get a loan application from
a county Farm Service Agency office in 1983. She said she was told it was too
early in the year to apply. After repeated visits and receiving the same reply,
she was told it was too late to apply.

King complained to the county supervisor. King said he refused to help. She said
he also told her women were not cut out for farming because they were a risk and
could not make a profit.

"We are still certifying classes, so we've not certified the case as a class
action," said Dunne, with Arent Fox Kintner Plotkin & Kahn PLLC. "The U.S.
Department of Agriculture has not filed its opposition to the case yet. We are
seeking relief, but have not specified a dollar amount. We want the behavior to
stop."

The USDA did not respond to repeated calls concerning the case.

Dunne said USDA has a long-standing pattern of discrimination against minority
farmers. Nearly 12,000 black farmers sued USDA in 1998 for loan discrimination.
They received payments ranging from $50,000 to $200,000 each and forgiveness of
outstanding farm loans.

Dunne noted that 236,269 women serve as principal farm operators, according to
the 2002 Census of Agriculture. However, women remain underrepresented in USDA's
farm loan programs, she added.

Women who believe they have been discriminated against when seeking USDA farm
loans may call (877) 208-4342. Other information is available at
www.womenfarmers.com.

The case was filed in October 2001. Dunne filed a third amended complaint last
year and filed a class certification motion last month for two of three proposed
subclasses.

Those two subclasses contain women for which no or little USDA records exist.
They were not provided loan applications, or were denied initial farm loans. To
find the women, Dunne has contacted news

media throughout the country.

The third subclass contains women farmers who received an initial loan but were
denied servicing, had difficulty obtaining subsequent loan servicing, or
received inadequate loan servicing.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2004 The Pantagraph


                             499 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               February 17, 2017

               RESIDENTS OF HOME FARM MANAGEMENT COMPANY LIMITED

                                       1
                                HOME FARM COURT
                                    REDWORTH
                            NEWTON AYCLIFFE DL5 6NZ


TRADE ADDRESS: 1 Home Farm Court Redworth, NEWTON AYCLIFFE DL5 6NZ

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 07469456

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: December 14, 2010
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Blackett Hart & Pratt Llp
     ·    Mr Carl Simon Howie, Director


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Residents property management
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited company without share capital::Private Limited
company without share capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
98000

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  September 29, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  December 14, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  4,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                             757       572       219
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       4       338         0
Other Current Assets                             761       910       219
Total Current Assets                             761       910       219
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                     761       910       219



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                852       984       793
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                        852       984       793
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                        852       984       793
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                852       984       793
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                    -91       -74      -574
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                -91       -74      -574
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                       -91       -74      -574


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed         -91       -74      -574
Net Worth                -91       -74      -574
Working Capital          -91       -74      -574
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3 5 Years
                    Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP     GBP
Sales                   -      -       -
Pretax                  -      -       -
Total Assets       -16.37 247.49 1,258.9
                                       3
Current Assets     -16.37 247.49 1,258.9
                                       3
Current            -13.41   7.44     610
Liabilities
Capital Employed    22.97 -84.15   42.19
Employee Wages          -      -       -
Number of               -      -       -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 27,873 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
70320 Management of real estate on a fee or contract
basis



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     6.52       25
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0      .55    16.22
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0     1.98       20
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              44.56    89.16   165.42
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       52.87        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                     .8     1.13     2.81
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            27,964.2 51,071.8   86,397
                                                          7        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  15,348.8 25,915.8 41,333.3
                                                          9        1        3
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                     8,000   31,000 107,634.
                                                                            8
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  47.43    31.17    12.92



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  2
=        4
Year -1  2
=        0
Year -2  8
=        4
Year -3  7
=        7

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                0.89      0.92      0.28
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.89      0.92      0.28
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                  -0.12     -0.08     -2.62
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP -91

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Mollart & Co

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2017


                             500 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                January 31, 2017

                             BOB PARRY LETTINGS LTD

                                HENDY BWLCH FARM
                                BWLCH FARM ROAD
                                    DEGANWY
                          LLANDUDNO JUNCTION LL31 9YS


TRADE ADDRESS: Bwlch Farm Bwlch Farm Road, LLANDUDNO JUNCTION LL31 9YS

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01492582556
URL: www.bobparry.info

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 08095891

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: June 7, 2012
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Simon Simcox, Chartered Surveyor
     ·    Mr Paul Norman Cassidy, Estate Agent


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Management of real estate on a fee or contract basis
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
68320

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: April 30, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: April 30

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  April 30, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  January 23, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  June 7, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  8,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           30/04/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                2,117       638       522
Intangible Assets                             18,000    27,000    36,000
Total Fixed Assets                            20,117    27,638    36,522
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -       526       228
Miscellaneous Current Assets                   3,550     3,200     4,249
Other Current Assets                           3,550     3,726     4,477
Total Current Assets                           3,550     3,726     4,477
Fixed Assets                                   2,117       638       522
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                  23,667    31,364    40,999



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           30/04/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities             21,892    10,140    29,766
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                     21,892    10,140    29,766
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                     21,892    10,140    29,766
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                             21,892    10,140    29,766
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry               500       500       500
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                  1,275    20,724    10,733
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                              1,775    21,224    11,233
Called Up Share Capital                          500       500       500
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                     1,775    21,224    11,233


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   30/04/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed       1,775    21,224    11,233
Net Worth             -16225     -5776    -24767
Working Capital       -18342     -6414    -25289
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3 5 Years
                    Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP     GBP
Sales                   -      -       -
Pretax                  -      -       -
Total Assets       -24.54 -42.27  194.15
Current Assets      -4.72 -20.71  -55.88
Current             115.9 -26.45 1,023.2
Liabilities                            4
Capital Employed   -91.64  -84.2  -70.89
Employee Wages          -      -       -
Number of               -      -       -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 27,873 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
70320 Management of real estate on a fee or contract
basis



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                      0     6.52       25
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                          0      .55    16.22
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                 0     1.98       20
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              44.56    89.16   165.42
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       52.87        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                     .8     1.13     2.81
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            27,964.2 51,071.8   86,397
                                                          7        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  15,348.8 25,915.8 41,333.3
                                                          9        1        3
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                     8,000   31,000 107,634.
                                                                            8
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  47.43    31.17    12.92



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  3
=        1
Year -1  4
=        3
Year -2  8
=        6
Year -3  8
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                0/04/201 30/04/201 30/04/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                0.16      0.37      0.15
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.16      0.37      0.15
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.07      0.68      0.27
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 1,775

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: A.Hughes-Jones, Dyson & Co

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2017
