
                               1 of 90 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright (c) 2016 The Regents of the University of
                                   California
                                UCLA Law Review

                                   May, 2016

                                UCLA Law Review

                              63 UCLA L. Rev. 894

LENGTH: 32852 words

ARTICLE: Protecting Disfavored Minorities:Toward Institutional Realism

NAME: Joy Milligan

HIGHLIGHT:

   Abstract


   Constitutional theorists in the United States once believed courts could
protect politically disfavored minorities from the excesses of democracy.
Eventually, many lost faith in constitutional reform through litigation, as they
saw courts fail to effectively implement rights protections. Given the
judiciary's institutional limitations, it appeared the only reliable way to
secure constitutional rights was through democratic politics itself.
"Constitutionalism outside the courts" promises to endow rights with the
legitimacy and implementation capacity of the political branches, catalyzed by
the energy of social movements and broad public participation. The risk,
however, in turning to constitutionalism outside the courts is that we may come
to idealize the political branches - just as previous generations once
romanticized the courts. Successes like the civil rights movement and the
landmark statutes it produced tend to loom large in our collective imagination,
while periods when Congress and the executive fail to vindicate minority rights
appear inevitable, an inherent part of majoritarian democracy.


   This Article argues that to be realists about constitutional rights, we must
scrutinize the constitutional failures of all three branches. Doing so yields a
sharply different perspective. Congress and the executive branch frequently fall
short in implementing constitutional principles, for reasons that go beyond lack
of majority support. The basic institutional structure of American government
impedes constitutional reform in all three branches - even when a national
majority favors it. Separated powers, federalism, and the representation of
distinct majorities in each branch of government all operate to preserve the
status quo, providing determined opponents multiple opportunities to block,
undermine, and undo change. The Article illustrates this pattern using a
historical case study of African American farmers' long-running, largely
unavailing claims for equal protection.


   The implications are sobering, but illuminating, for those who care about
protecting disfavored minorities. Institutional realism suggests that such
groups often must win enduring supermajority support in order to obtain,
implement, and preserve rights protections at the national level. The
inertia-favoring design of American government is often claimed to protect
liberty, but the obvious question is: Does our democracy really benefit from a
constitutional structure that simultaneously stifles majority will and insulates
the status quo?


   Author


   Ph.D. Candidate, Jurisprudence and Social Policy, UC Berkeley. For helpful
feedback, I thank Kathryn Abrams, Catherine Albiston, Anne Arkush, Joseph
Blocher, Emily Bruce, Stephen Carpenter, Thad Eagles, Malcolm Feeley, Andrea
Freeman, Barry Friedman, Helen Hershkoff, Kevin Hickey, Kristen Holmquist,
Joseph Landau, Stephen Lee, Daryl Levinson, Ian Haney Lopez, Alison Mikkor, Anne
Joseph O'Connell, Daphna Renan, Shalev Roisman, Bertrall Ross, Erin Scharff,
Eric Schickler, Jen Soriano, Karen Tani, and workshop participants at NYU,
LatCrit, and the Berkeley Empirical Legal Studies program. I am grateful to
Joseph Bui for his excellent research assistance and to the UCLA Law Review
staff for their dedicated work.


 TEXT:
 [*896]

   Introduction


   In a constitutional democracy, who protects the rights of politically
disfavored minorities? Twentieth-century constitutional scholars thought they
had solved the dilemma: Courts could do it. Politically insulated judges were
well positioned to shield unpopular groups from the excesses of majoritarian
politics. n1 That view of courts as "perfecters of pluralist democracy" fueled
the Supreme Court's civil rights revolution under Chief Justice Earl Warren. n2
But its idealism did not age well. The Court grew more conservative. n3 Scholars
critiqued the Warren Court's rulings, arguing that courts were severely
constrained in their ability to oversee successful social reforms and protect
minorities. n4

    [*897]  Amidst profound doubts regarding courts' ability to serve as
"countermajoritarian heroes," n5 many have turned to the political branches,
embracing elected actors' pursuit of "constitutionalism outside the courts." n6
Rather than arguing that officials will implement constitutional principles of
their own accord, these scholars emphasize the importance of broad social
movements in transforming the majority will to favor protections for formerly
subordinated groups. n7 Such democratic transformations may often be a necessary
precursor to success in the courts; sometimes they are sufficient to drive
change through ordinary legislative and executive action even without judicial
intervention.

   Constitutionalism outside the courts holds the promise of effectiveness,
insofar as it draws on the legitimacy and implementation powers of the elected
[*898]  branches, and the sheer force of necessity, insofar as public support is
an indispensable underpinning for minority rights. n8 And in a time when
successful rights movements appear to be relatively common, it seems natural to
view constitutionalism outside the courts as a politically invigorating path to
change. To the extent that such change is difficult to win, some might view that
as the cost of democracy.

   But this newer perspective risks idealizing the political process, just as
the old view once romanticized the judicial process. The political branches'
finest moments, like the passage of landmark civil rights statutes in the 1960s,
tend to dominate our collective imagination. n9 Yet our representative
institutions often fail to protect disfavored minorities, even in the face of
strenuous demands for reform.

   This Article argues that studying the political branches' failures to protect
minorities is critical to a realistic view of constitutionalism. It is natural
to assume that majority opinion is the primary barrier preventing political
actors from implementing constitutional principles. n10 But that assumption may
be inaccurate, and its sheer generality inhibits efforts to identify specific
barriers to minority rights protections. If vulnerable groups must rely on the
political process, we  [*899]  should seek greater understanding of how often
they are likely to prevail there, and what success requires. Obtaining that
knowledge requires that we scrutinize the institutional constraints on the
political process as closely as we have those that limit the judicial process.

   To demonstrate that approach's potential, this Article examines an extended
case study of one minority group's constitutional claims, which stretched over
more than a century and were directed to all three branches of the U.S. federal
government. This history is an understudied, compelling, and ultimately tragic
one. It is the history of African American farmers, who sought land of their own
from Emancipation forward, seeing independent ownership as necessary to freedom
itself. But that freedom was denied to them. The federal government - the
fundamental force shaping U.S. farmers' fortunes over the last century through
its sweeping programs and subsidies - never treated black farmers equitably
under any constitutional paradigm. Profound racism and the racial caste system
shaped federal farm policy from its origins. Once a success story of triumph
over incredible post-slavery barriers, black farmers have largely disappeared as
a result. n11

   Black farmers' recent past seems to exemplify the inability of the courts to
redress profound constitutional harms. A decade and a half ago, minority farmers
began winning a series of historic legal settlements via class action
discrimination suits against the government. n12 The settlements were
record-setting in their  [*900]  aggregate value, yet fundamentally
disappointing: They offered only minimal cash payments to most farmers, while
failing to provide forward-looking reforms or to otherwise address the
consequences of long-term racial exclusion in farm programs. n13 Even those
gains rested on concessions the farmers won from Congress and the executive
branch through political organizing. n14 Thus, the farmers' recent experiences
seem to demonstrate the judiciary's relative ineffectiveness and the benefits of
directing activism toward the political branches.

   If we turn to the longer history of African American farmers' struggles for
equality, however, a gloomier picture of the political branches emerges. Over
the last century, the farmers petitioned all three branches of government for
equal treatment and all three failed to provide it. During the Civil War, the
government began creating farm institutions; by the mid-twentieth century,
federal agricultural policy had constructed a dense network of institutions,
knowledge, and capital that made American farmers prosperous, technologically
advanced, and politically powerful. n15 The government excluded nonwhites from
this system, consigning them to unequal economic and political status over many
generations. n16 Like other parts of the federal welfare state, American
agricultural policy was truly "affirmative action for whites." n17

   African American farmers recognized this reality from the beginning and
called on their government to provide them with equal protection of the  [*901]
law - however the era defined it. n18 In the era of separate but equal, they
called on Congress to provide equal funding to segregated black farm
institutions. n19 In the integration era, they asked the executive branch to
stop stigmatizing African Americans and include them in agricultural programs on
an equitable basis. n20 In the most recent era of prohibitions on individual
discrimination, they filed administrative complaints seeking compensation for
intentional racial bias by farm officials. n21 Yet they were stymied at each
stage.

   Those defending the racial status quo drew on the many institutional openings
that the American political system offers to obstruct reform. Southerners and
their allies wielded power within Congress, the Democratic (and later the
Republican) Party, the federal bureaucracy, and state and local governments to
block, undermine, and reverse any potential gains black farmers might have won.
n22 Their opposition - enabled and augmented by the fragmented structure of the
American policymaking process - was too much for the farmers to overcome.

   Black farmers' history represents a crucial, often-overlooked part of our
country's legacy of racial violence and exclusion. American farm policy, and the
racism woven into it for more than a century, exemplifies the many ways in which
the American state historically created, reinforced, and reproduced a racial
caste structure, by infusing economic, human, and social capital into white
communities while denying it to communities of color. n23 The racism within farm
policy itself played no small part in creating racial disparity - most black
wealth was once held in agriculture, yet that black capital is now largely gone.
n24  [*902]  Black farmers' history is thus critically important in its own
right; it is also unique, because it is steeped in the particulars of past and
present racial subordination of African Americans within this nation.

   Yet the farmers' fate also illuminates the more general ways in which the
structure of U.S. institutions may entrench systems of inequality against
reform. n25 Black farmers seeking equal treatment were not tasked simply with
winning over democratic majorities - itself a profoundly difficult objective for
African Americans during most of the twentieth century. Rather, for the farmers
to secure effective protections, they would have had to overcome the structural
aspects of the American governmental design that thwart even majority will and
preserve the status quo: separated powers, federalism, and overlapping systems
of representation within each branch, among others. n26

   Those structural features of American government make it easy for opponents
to block, resist, and undermine affirmative actions by any branch. n27 That is
[*903]  no accident: The American system of government was designed to allow
powerful defenders of the status quo to prevail, even when the public favors
another course. Ostensibly the Framers intended to preserve liberty, but the
union's structure was also rooted in pragmatic compromises - most prominently
the slaveholding states' drive to shelter slavery. n28 Such features have
impeded disfavored groups from attaining equality protections, from the nation's
founding through the present. n29 And in an age when government performs so many
functions, inertia is an especially significant obstacle for constitutional
rights. n30

   Given this structure, it is quite difficult for any branch to pursue
successful constitutional reform on its own against concerted opposition.
Disfavored minorities are, by definition, those most likely to face passionate
opponents due to their stigmatized status; if those opponents exercise
sufficient power within other parts of government, then the disfavored group
will likely need backing from multiple branches to overcome their resistance and
secure rights protections in a lasting and effective way throughout the nation.
That in turn may require support by overlapping majorities or supermajorities
among the public. n31 This high threshold for winning rights protections flows
from the basic structures of American governance, and presents issues of
structural design that go well beyond the often-cited tension between
majoritarian democracy and minority  [*904]  rights. It raises a crucial
question: Should this threshold really be the bar we set for disfavored
minorities to secure constitutional rights? n32

   This Article's overarching goal is thus to reorient the study of minorities'
fate in constitutionalism in two specific ways, toward what I term
"institutional realism." First, we should not implicitly assume that only courts
are responsible for protecting minorities by focusing solely on courts'
failures, as those seeking to debunk the myth of courts as "countermajoritarian
heroes" have sometimes done. Instead, we should ask how often any of the three
branches of government are prepared to intervene, and do so effectively, on
minorities' behalf. Focusing on courts' flaws allows us to better understand the
judiciary, but it does not allow us to accurately understand why minorities fare
as they do. Second, to the extent that the political branches of government do
not perform well in this regard, we should not assume this is because they are
too democratic. Just as scholars have already done for the courts, we should ask
to what extent these outcomes result from specific institutional design, rather
than merely inhering in democracy itself. Institutional realism means
scrutinizing all three branches for institutional constraints on their ability
to implement constitutional norms, with careful attention to the full historic
record of successes and failures. n33

   What will this approach accomplish? For those who care about protecting the
disfavored, it offers a more accurate understanding of the barriers to
constitutional rights as well as what is necessary to overcome them. The risk of
idealizing the political branches or focusing critique on the judiciary is that
we  [*905]  underestimate - and view as democratically justified - the barriers
that groups face within politics, while simultaneously undervaluing the gains to
be realized from litigation. Institutional realism indicates that no single
institution can fully vindicate constitutional rights. In our present system, we
need constitutionalism inside and outside the courts if we wish to effectuate
equality norms.

   Institutional realism may also lead us to question our government's
fragmented structure. Some leading scholars have already begun to do so for
different reasons, arguing that we should do away with features that impede
majority will in order to make our democracy work better. n34 The farmers'
history highlights that the government's fractured structure may also hurt
disfavored minorities by simply insulating the status quo. As counterintuitive
as it may sound, politically disfavored minorities might succeed in obtaining
affirmative constitutional protections more frequently in a less fractured, more
majoritarian system.

   Part I of this Article explains the rise of the view of courts as ineffective
at protecting disfavored groups, and the concurrent emergence of a perspective
on constitutionalism outside the courts that highlights the efficacy and
inherent democratic value of directing advocacy at the political branches. Part
II shows how those that emphasize the courts' unique limitations would assess
minority farmers' recent experiences seeking redress through litigation; the
courts' critics would likely view the inadequate response to their claims as
rooted in courts' institutional weaknesses. Part III problematizes that view by
presenting African American farmers' longer history - a history that highlights
the other branches' roles in responding to minorities' constitutional claims,
their frequently limited capacity to do so, and the fundamental constraints
built into American governmental design. Part IV assesses the implications of
the farmers' history, connecting it to the study of minorities' fate in American
constitutionalism.

[*906]

   I. The Courts Critique - and the Turn to Politics

 During the twentieth century, an idealistic vision of the federal judiciary as
the protector of disfavored minorities emerged, then gradually gave way to
cynicism. Liberals increasingly turned away from litigation and toward
constitutionalism outside the courts as the more robust route to progressive
change. The Sections that follow describe these shifts, as scholars deemphasized
courts and foregrounded democratic politics as an avenue for protecting
disfavored groups. I suggest that while constitutionalism outside the courts
offers an inspiring and more realistic understanding of the politics of
constitutional reform, the institutional constraints on the political branches'
capacity to protect minority rights deserve more study.

   A. From Optimism to Pessimism About Courts

 A radical new idea reshaped the American legal and political world during the
mid-twentieth century. It seemed possible that the federal Constitution might
affirmatively protect subordinated minorities, rather than simply shore up the
status quo and the powerful. n35 The Supreme Court expanded constitutional
protections dramatically, particularly for racial, religious, and national
minorities, and a growing number of organizations took up public interest
litigation on behalf of vulnerable groups. n36

    [*907]  As this mode of constitutional lawmaking took root, it triggered
sharp controversy. Many observers questioned whether the courts could fulfill
this new role, on both legitimacy and competency grounds. Was it democratically
appropriate for courts to use the "countermajoritarian" tool of judicial review
to resolve difficult social issues? n37 Were courts equipped to go beyond
traditional individual dispute resolution and intervene in sensitive areas of
policymaking, attempting to restructure basic institutions? n38

   While judicial review's legitimacy was never definitively resolved, many
liberals who favored a robust jurisprudence of rights settled on a solution
sketched out in an early Supreme Court opinion, later elaborated into a
full-fledged theory  [*908]  by John Hart Ely. In 1938, the Court had already
set aside the sharp scrutiny of social regulation that it imposed in the Lochner
period, but had not yet defined the scope of judicial review in this new era.
n39 In United States v. Carolene Products Co., n40 the Court suggested that
judges should intervene to defend minorities' rights: "Prejudice against
discrete and insular minorities may be a special condition, which tends
seriously to curtail the operation of those political processes ordinarily to be
relied upon to protect minorities, and which may call for a correspondingly more
searching judicial inquiry." n41 Building on this passage, Ely argued that
courts should use judicial review to safeguard democratic political processes.
n42 Courts could do this in part by protecting "discrete and insular"
minorities, whose interests might not be fairly represented within pluralist
politics due to prejudice. n43 The Carolene Products footnote and Ely's
"political process" theory thus asked courts to protect minorities where the
political branches had refused to do so; it proved an apt justification for
liberal reformers, increasingly reliant on public interest litigation. n44

   But Ely's solution, elegant as it was, did not endure. Instead, doubts about
courts' capacity to protect unpopular groups grew in the decades that followed
the Warren Court. n45 Outside the legal academy, social scientists had long
questioned whether the democratic legitimacy problem that so troubled law
professors was even a problem at all. Did courts really use judicial review to
thwart majority will? Political scientist Robert Dahl, in a seminal 1957
article, argued that the Supreme Court - and by implication the rest of the
federal courts - rarely did  [*909]  so. n46 Given that the justices are picked
by presidents and confirmed by the Senate, he concluded, "the policy views
dominant on the Court are never for long out of line with the policy views
dominant among the lawmaking majorities of the United States." n47 A number of
subsequent political scientists and legal scholars have concurred that the
federal courts tend to reinforce the will of governing majorities. n48 The Court
"has seldom lagged far behind or forged far ahead of America" due to a variety
of mechanisms, from the appointments process to social pressures to the
justices' anticipation of political sanctions. n49

   By the 1990s, many social scientists and legal scholars had converged on the
view that courts are unlikely to effectively implement disfavored minorities'
rights. According to these accounts, courts lack both the will and the capacity
to protect unpopular minorities and tend to trigger unproductive backlash when
they try. Courts suffer from these weaknesses, they argue, because judges tend
toward conservatism, lack strong enforcement powers, and have questionable
legitimacy as policymakers.

   A succession of works supported these arguments with historical and
institutional evidence. In the 1970s political scientist Stuart Scheingold led
off by attacking the "myth of rights": the idea that a judicial declaration of
rights would lead to their realization and to meaningful change. n50 Scheingold
argued that courts were unlikely to issue sweeping rights declarations and that
their decisions often engendered more conflict rather than resolution of the
underlying controversy. n51 Judges lacked the investigative capacity and
coercive force of the administrative state, and the legal process entailed such
potential for delay that relying on it might ultimately undermine reformers'
cause. n52 Nearly two decades later, Gerald Rosenberg similarly termed the
courts a "hollow hope" for reformers. n53  [*910]  Relying on a series of case
studies of legal reform movements, Rosenberg argued that judicial decisions -
even landmark ones like Brown v. Board of Education n54 - had rarely brought
change, with the courts merely endorsing social transformations that were
already under way due to other causes and that were spearheaded in the other
branches. n55 Law professor Michael Klarman famously emphasized the risk of
"backlash" against litigation campaigns, arguing that judicial rulings tend to
trigger resistance that would not ensue if the same reforms occurred through
other political institutions. n56

   The critics of the courts had identified three fundamental limits on judicial
action: (1) the reasons courts will not even try to act (problems of will), (2)
the reasons courts cannot act effectively, even when they try (problems of
capacity), and (3) the reasons judicial rulings will trigger heightened
resistance (problems of backlash). As Alexander Hamilton pointed out at the
Framing, many of these limitations are hard-wired in deliberate constitutional
design. n57 The federal courts have specified powers within the overall system
of enumerated federal powers; Article III's "case or controversy" requirement
bounds judicial power, in part to prevent courts from treading on  [*911]  other
branches' domains. n58 The Article III appointment process means that judges
will reflect presidential and senatorial preferences while their life tenure
means that they are simultaneously insulated but open to attack as unelected,
illegitimate policymakers. n59 Given the overlapping powers of the three
branches, the judiciary relies on - and is subject to checks by - the others.
n60 The impeachment process and Congress's powers over the courts' jurisdiction
and budget give Congress targeted, though rarely used, weapons to use against
the courts. n61 The executive branch can quietly, or overtly, refuse to enforce
judicial interpretations or even defy judicial rulings. n62 Federalist norms
counsel federal judges to avoid interfering in state or local government. Judges
are socialized to believe that they must wield their powers cautiously, both
because they understand themselves to be "the least democratic branch" and
because common law adjudication calls for incremental change built on existing
precedents. n63

   Given all these constraints, an influential group of scholars had concluded
that looking to the judicial branch to effectively protect minorities was naive
at best, and potentially counterproductive. n64 In the face of that critique of
courts,  [*912]  however, an obvious question arose: Who will implement the
Constitution, if not judges?

   B. Embracing Politics

 Over time, as criticism of courts' capacity to protect disfavored groups
mounted, many scholars and reformers turned their attention to elected officials
instead, emphasizing the important role of the political branches in shaping and
applying constitutional norms. n65 Theorists of constitutionalism outside the
courts emphasize that Congress and the executive branch are obligated to, and
frequently do, deliberate upon, articulate, and implement constitutional rights,
often in response to long-term social movements. n66 These themes emerge in
distinct forms in different scholars' work, and generate varying prescriptions.
Some conclude that the political branches are more fertile and democratic sites
for reform than courts and thus that activists should generally direct their
energies to political actors, instead of initiating litigation; a few argue that
courts themselves should withdraw from judicial review. n67 Others simply point
out that political  [*913]  mobilization plays a key role in securing rights
protections inside and outside the courts, and argue that the courts should
defer to the elected branches when they respond to such advocacy. n68

   For example, Robin West was an early advocate of turning to the political
branches, arguing that legislative lawmaking is inherently friendlier to
progressive aspirations than the judicial process. n69 West emphasized the
greater ability of Congress to respond to an idealistic, open-ended
constitutional vision, which requires positive state action toward distributive
justice, as well as the benefits of proceeding in "participatory and democratic
forums" and the potential for enlisting "an awakened populace" in a progressive
constitutional politics. n70

   Others argue that reforms won in the political branches are more legitimate
and more effective than those obtained through litigation, while suggesting that
the democratic deliberation that results is valuable in its own right. William
Eskridge and John Ferejohn write that most important structural and normative
change in the United States occurs through statutes and administrative action,
which they denominate small "c" constitutionalism or "administrative
constitutionalism." n71 They view such constitutional evolution as superior to
updating  [*914]  through judicial interpretation of the written Constitution,
because "it is more adaptable to changed circumstances[,] ... is more legitimate
than the Constitutional updating that unelected judges routinely accomplish[,]
... and produces more robust results." n72 While Eskridge and Ferejohn reserve a
place for judicial review, they argue that a primary goal should be to encourage
public deliberation by politically accountable actors. n73

   Stephen Griffin and Rebecca Zietlow similarly posit that rights created by
the political branches will have greater democratic legitimacy and may be more
effective as a result. n74 According to Griffin, "the political branches have a
distinct deliberative advantage over the judiciary in ensuring that racial
minorities are protected against discrimination," while Zietlow notes that
Congress offers "the legitimacy of majoritarian rule and the transparency of
constitutional debate," which serve as buttresses for the rights created there.
n75 Precisely because they are not insulated in the way courts are, Congress and
the executive can engage in more inclusive deliberation and garner greater
popular support when they act to enforce the Constitution. Congress also offers
practical advantages over courts: a broader perspective, policy expertise, and
better fact-finding resources. n76

   Constitutionalism outside the courts may help sustain the democratic
legitimacy of the Constitution itself. Reva Siegel has written that American
constitutional culture allows social movements to drive constitutional change,
but in ways that slow and moderate those changes; such conditions foster
collective deliberation and enable the constitutional system to evolve while
retaining its legitimacy as authoritative law. n77 In joint work, Siegel and
Robert Post have called for courts  [*915]  to defer to legislative rights
protections precisely because such acts reflect evolving public values and
provide ongoing legitimacy to the constitutional system. n78

   These overlapping literatures - the first body of work critical of courts'
capacity to protect minorities, and the other oriented toward the potential for
securing constitutional reforms through democratic politics - point to several
lessons. When read together, they indicate that the political branches may enjoy
greater capacity than the courts to articulate and implement constitutional
reforms; that marginalized groups usually must pursue their rights claims in
ordinary politics if they wish to succeed; and that such reform struggles are
important in sustaining American constitutional democracy. This perspective thus
offers a more realistic account of how rights are won and preserved in politics.
It is also a hopeful and inspiring vision - insofar as it suggests that
democratic struggle is both necessary and productive, because it is likely to
produce effective rights and to trigger debates over fundamental norms that are
healthy for the polity as a whole. n79

   C. Accounting for Institutional Constraints

 But what if such struggles fail and entire groups must forgo rights protections
over long periods - is this simply the price of democracy? Do these costs come
with countervailing democratic benefits? Perhaps. To the extent that disfavored
minorities' struggles are extremely protracted, achieve limited success, or fail
completely, arguably they may still benefit the participants and the nation by
provoking deliberation over core questions of political morality. Such a view,
[*916]  though, rests in part on the premise that the underlying processes are
in fact democratic and offer deliberative benefits to participants and the
broader population. Assessing this requires comprehensive inquiry, with
attention to the institutions that shape such processes, and to their costs as
well as their benefits. At a high level of generality, one might conclude that
long-term activism eventually produces broad waves of opinion that crash over
the political branches and force change, once some requisite level of majority
support is reached. But treating the process impressionistically as a democratic
one without further inquiry fails to nail down in any precise way what the
required thresholds for success might be, and where the key barriers lie.

   In fact, as constitutional scholars and political scientists have long noted,
American governing institutions allow small groups of opponents to veto, stall,
and undo reforms even in the face of public support, potentially rendering
rights movements' struggles less democratic and their victories less effective
than might otherwise appear. Among the features that make American politics
non-majoritarian are: the three branches' overlapping powers, which allow them
to check one another; the distinct constituencies represented in each branch
(and each house of Congress), which makes it more difficult to produce accord
for positive action; the party system, which can have a similar effect,
empowering extreme members of the political coalition; internal congressional
rules that produce "veto-gates" allowing particular officials to block the
passage of legislation; the growth of a large bureaucratic state which defies
the power of the president or Congress to monitor and control; and systems of
federalism, including the shared powers produced by cooperative federalism
features of the administrative state, as well as state and local officials'
primary powers over many aspects of governance. n80 Like the constraints on the
courts, many of these are also deliberately hard-wired in constitutional design.
n81

   The role of these institutional limits, which make it quite difficult to win
and sustain majoritarian victories in ordinary political processes at the
national level, remains underdeveloped in our vision of constitutionalism
outside the courts. To be sure, scholars have acknowledged these barriers and
their potential costs. For example, some political scientists and legal
academics have argued that the courts tend to step in to resolve constitutional
controversies when "the existing lawmaking majority" cannot do so due to
internal division and/or  [*917]  institutional constraints, yet prominent
elected actors favor change. n82 Thus, they acknowledge that American
institutions may inhibit reform even when substantial public will favors it. For
that reason, Corinna Barrett Lain has argued that the courts may be more
"majoritarian" than the other branches under some circumstances. n83 Other
scholars have pointed out that the process of bringing about constitutional
change through politics is slow and that conflict between opposing groups will
tend to constrain the scope of reforms, producing more modest changes than
reformers would wish. n84

   Ultimately, to the extent that institutional features of American governance
serve to slow down and moderate rights claims, many would see this as a feature
of our system, not a bug - contributing to the polity's ability to debate,
compromise, and build consensus on issues involving fundamental norms. n85 Yet
if particular institutional constraints allow powerful opponents, ones that do
not speak for the body politic as a whole (or even for a majority), to block
broad-based change, one might well question whether those constraints are
democratic, improve the quality of deliberation, or are truly necessary to
produce sufficient social backing for the rights in question. This is
particularly true if one considers the perspective of those denied rights over
long periods - as the system moves ponderously toward consensus, those
individuals suffer very real costs that will likely go unremedied. At a minimum,
it seems that all of the costs and benefits of these features should be weighed
in the balance.

   How might a more detailed accounting of the structural constraints that
pervade the political branches qualify existing assessments of
constitutionalism, inside and outside the courts? Would we reevaluate the appeal
of pursuing constitutional reform in ordinary politics or perhaps even
reconsider the justifications for the challenges that disfavored groups face
there?

    [*918]  In the next two Parts, I provide a more concrete context for
examining the constraints on all three branches' ability to vindicate minority
rights, by offering an extended case study of African American farmers' claims
for equal protection. Part II focuses on the farmers' equality claims in the
courts and Part III turns to their longer record of equality claims outside the
courts.

   II. Equality in the Courts: The Case of Black Farmers

 Minority farmers' claims for equal treatment in American farm policy offer a
striking example of recent, apparently successful rights litigation. Beginning
in the 1990s and stretching into the present, black, Latino, Native American,
and women farmers demonstrated that they had been systematically marginalized in
federal farm programs, filed class action discrimination suits, and ultimately
won record-setting civil rights settlements from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA). Even as the farmers won these remedies, however, the
settlements' narrow scope highlighted the limits of judicial intervention. While
the settlements were valued in the billions, they addressed only a small range
of USDA actions, provided relatively meager compensation to individual farmers,
did not require institutional reform, and obscured the long history of
discrimination in farm policy, rather than illuminating it. The narrow scope of
the settlements was rooted in the courts' cramped legal framework, restricted
remedial powers, and self-inhibiting institutional norms - qualities that the
courts' critics have consistently emphasized. At first pass, then, the farmers'
litigation seems primarily to illustrate what the courts critique posits: that
even in the best case, courts have limited ability to resolve deep-rooted
constitutional wrongs. This Part examines this recent set of events.

   A. "Brightly Flagged Injustices"

 In December 1996, a small band of black farmers marched in front of the White
House. n86 They were protesting systematic racial discrimination in USDA farm
aid. Soon, the farmers were meeting with the President and the Secretary of
Agriculture. n87 A burst of attention to racial inequality in USDA programs
followed. Congress and the agency instituted multiple investigations, while the
[*919]  farmers' class action discrimination suit against the USDA began to move
more quickly through the courts. n88

   The government's inquiries uncovered strong, troubling evidence that the USDA
treated minority farmers unfairly. n89 Federal farm aid pervasively shapes
outcomes for U.S. farmers, often making the difference between profits and ruin.
n90 Because the government serves as lender of last resort in rural communities,
exclusion from federal programs is devastating for small farmers, who often
cannot access other credit. n91

   While small farmers have disappeared for generations, the minority farmers'
stories were distinctive; they told of wholesale, race-based exclusion from the
local networks controlling farm aid. n92 Advocacy organizations and government
bodies reported that minority farmers seeking federal farm aid had faced decades
of racial discrimination. n93 They noted that the USDA allowed committees made
[*920]  up of local farmers to control huge sums in farm benefits and that the
committees frequently included only whites. n94 They recounted a culture of
disrespect in USDA offices: Minorities were treated peremptorily, denied
information, and forced to wait while white famers were helped before them. n95
Minority applicants were rejected at higher rates; those approved received
smaller loans with longer delays and the government moved to foreclose their
loans more quickly. n96 The farmers described immense costs: their family farms
lost; humiliating exclusion from farm program participation and governance; and
the wrench of lost opportunities for themselves and their children, even as
white neighbors prospered. n97 They called the USDA "the last plantation." n98

   USDA officials eventually acknowledged that the government had treated
minorities unfairly. n99 In February 1997, USDA civil rights investigators
reported that "discrimination in [USDA] program delivery and employment ...
continues to exist to a large degree unabated." n100 The Secretary of
Agriculture, Dan Glickman, said, "We have had a system that did not encourage
equitable treatment of customers as a matter of policy, and ... some people ...
were victimized by the policy. There is no question. It is clear." n101 Op-ed
pages called for redress. The Boston Globe asked: "How long should it take the
government to address brightly flagged injustices - especially the ones it has
committed?" n102

   In 1999, the government finally offered redress in the form of a
record-setting class action settlement for African American farmers. n103
Congress, with bipartisan support, waived the statute of limitations to allow
more farmers to obtain relief. n104 In the words of the presiding judge, the
Pigford v.  [*921]  Glickman n105 settlement "demonstrated [the farmers'] power
to bring about fundamental change to the Department of Agriculture ... ." Its
remedies represented "a grand, historical first step toward righting the wrongs
visited upon thousands of African American farmers for decades by the United
States Department of Agriculture." n106 Pigford I was reportedly the largest
civil rights settlement in U.S. history, initially valued at over two billion
dollars. n107 Over the next decade, similar settlements followed for other
minority farmers, along with an additional settlement for African American
farmers. n108

   B. Inadequate Remedies

 The historic Pigford settlement and its successors should have been significant
triumphs. Instead, they triggered sharp discontent. Farmers and their allies
argued that the settlements did not address the fundamental sources and
consequences of racial injustice within the USDA and that the government behaved
unfairly throughout the process. n109 Class action settlements inevitably
provoke disappointment. n110 But the critics of the farmers' settlements
expressed more profound concerns, suggesting that the remedies were
fundamentally inadequate to repair the wrongs in question. The settlements
addressed only a relatively  [*922]  narrow class of harms suffered by the
farmers in the very recent past. n111 The claims framework required farmers to
satisfy a demanding, unintuitive definition of discrimination. n112 Individual
farmers could obtain limited cash payouts, but no provision was made for broader
institutional reform. The real history of long-term discrimination in federal
policy was not fully aired, but overshadowed by disputes over the settlement
process and proof of discrimination.

   Why were the settlements so narrow? For one thing, the farmers faced serious
legal hurdles. Sovereign immunity and other legal barriers forced them to rely
on quasi-constitutional claims of government lending discrimination under the
Equal Credit Opportunity Act (ECOA) n113 rather than explicit constitutional
claims about government discrimination across a broader range of programs beyond
farm loans. n114 The statute of limitations under the ECOA was only two years,
which severely limited the number of farmers eligible for relief. n115 Congress
did subsequently waive the statute of limitations so that more farmers could
claim redress. n116 Legislators only waived the claims period back to the 1980s,
however, justifying that date based on evidence that USDA civil rights
enforcement had stopped functioning in that period. n117 As a result, the
farmers' claims in Pigford I and its successor suits ultimately encompassed
allegations of intentional discrimination by one agency within the USDA, the
Farmers Home  [*923]  Administration (FmHA), in farm loans during a sixteen year
period from 1981 to 1996. n118

   Once individual farmers began filing claims under the settlement framework,
the claims process - with its onerous proof requirements - filtered out many who
believed that they had experienced USDA discrimination. Each farmer had to show
that USDA officials treated him or her differently in a particular loan
transaction, relative to a specifically identified, comparable white farmer - a
requirement that they likely would have faced in court as well, reflecting the
narrow reach of contemporary civil rights law. n119 If the farmers could
identify a suitable white comparator, the settlement provided a presumption of
discriminatory intent and a streamlined administrative claims process. But
showing disparate treatment in a particular loan transaction relative to a
specific, similarly situated white farmer proved very challenging for many class
members, even given those lessened proof requirements. n120 That was
particularly true because  [*924]  the USDA initially refused to open its own
files to help claimants identify relevant white farmers. n121

   For those who met the proof requirements, the resulting monetary remedies
seemed meager given the severe consequences of prior denials of credit - such as
foreclosures and loss of family farms. Most farmers received one-time payments
of $ 50,000. n122 As one farmer said, "Imagine that your home has been taken,
your land has been taken, your automobile has been taken, and then you can make
a decision and see if $ 50,000 will be enough for you." n123

   The lack of systematic institutional reforms to the agency was a glaring
omission and the government's failure to discipline or remove any USDA employees
rankled. n124 Farmers expressed "a deep and overwhelming sense that the USDA and
all of the structures it has put in place have been and continue to be
fundamentally hostile to the African American farmer." n125 While discrimination
was widely acknowledged in a general way, no institution ever offered a full
accounting of the harms or an official judgment of government wrongdoing. n126
Instead, the executive branch and Congress seemed to assume that the judicial
framework offered the only legitimate response to the farmers. n127 Congress did
not seriously consider an official apology, new programs to rebuild minority
farm  [*925]  ownership, or a legislatively enacted compensation system. n128
Instead, the legislators acquiesced to the remedies that could be supplied via
existing antidiscrimination law, as implemented through private suits in the
federal courts. The USDA, for its part, did some internal housekeeping by
changing civil rights procedures and authority over lending decisions. n129

   Meanwhile, very few officials, commentators, or members of the public
acknowledged the extent to which racial inequality had been explicitly
structured into farm programs from their inception. That inadequate
understanding fueled backlash against the settlement. For example, the New York
Times ran a scathing article focusing on the potential for individual claimant
fraud and calling the settlements a "spigot," while ignoring the broader context
in which African Americans had been systematically excluded from farm programs'
extremely generous benefits from their origins. n130

   C. A Court-Centered Diagnosis

 The legal framework imposed fundamental limitations on the nature and scope of
the relief that the farmers could obtain in their discrimination suits against
the USDA. Those limitations included substantive constraints within current
antidiscrimination law, procedural obstacles, and limits on the remedies courts
are willing to provide. The courts' critics would likely argue that all these
factors reflect the judiciary's limited ability to produce "significant social
reform." n131

   If the critique suggests that courts commonly face problems of will,
capacity, and backlash, the farmers' litigation encountered all three types of
limits. Civil  [*926]  rights law has triggered conservative backlash for
decades and an increasingly conservative federal judiciary has narrowed the
scope of civil rights in response. n132 The courts' capacity to address broad
harms is further limited by the many legalistic barriers to successful claims.
n133 Those restrictions on judicial powers reflect considerations of fairness to
defendants, but also the desire to respect the separation of powers and
federalism by avoiding sweeping injunctions against other government actors.
n134 Together, all these substantive and procedural limits produce courts
unwilling - and arguably unable - to intervene effectively on minorities'
behalf.

   In fact, the Pigford settlements were likely possible only because the
farmers organized politically and induced elected actors to support the farmers'
cause. Other branches' actions helped the farmers' suits surmount legal and
practical barriers - the executive, by providing crucial "insider" information
regarding USDA discrimination, and Congress, by waiving the statute of
limitations to extend relief to more farmers. Their critical roles reflect the
practical reality that courts' will and capacity to remedy minorities'
constitutional harms often hinges on underlying political support. The courts'
critics thus would probably see the farmers' achievements as a best-case
scenario - possible only because the farmers and their allies were savvy enough
to work simultaneously through democratic politics and the courts.

   If courts' ability to protect minority rights is so limited, perhaps the
African American farmers should have focused their efforts on officials outside
the courts. In fact, in the many decades that preceded the Pigford litigation,
they did so. Throughout the twentieth century, black farmers and their allies
lodged equality claims with the elected branches of government, as well as in
the courts. The next  [*927]  Part considers this longer history, asking what it
suggests about constitutionalism outside the courts and the institutional
constraints on the political branches.

   III. Equality Outside the Courts: The Farmers' Longer History

 For African Americans, farming was once a dominant way of life and land
ownership was a deeply held value. n135 During the nineteenth century, African
American slaves understood their long unpaid labor on the land to give them a
profound moral claim to the land and its fruits. n136 When freedom finally came,
owning a plot offered a precious base of potential independence from whites.
n137 Without land, Frederick Douglass wrote, the white plantation owner held
"the power of life and death" over black laborers and their livelihood. n138 But
ownership did not come easily. At a minimum, a black purchaser had to "be
acceptable to the white community, have a white sponsor, be content with the
purchase of acreage least desired by the whites, and pay for it in a very few
years." n139 In the worst cases, whites violently opposed black landownership
and black landowners paid with their lives. n140

   Despite the formidable barriers, African Americans made up a significant
portion of the nation's farmers by the early twentieth century. Nearly a third
of  [*928]  Southern farmers were black n141 and a quarter of those black
farmers owned their land. n142 But their progress soon halted. By the twentieth
century's end, barely more black farm owners existed than immediately after the
Civil War. n143 That whitening of American farming is often attributed to black
migration northward and technological advances that diminished demand for farm
labor. n144 When attributed to migration and technology, the racial shift
appears natural and inevitable, albeit rooted in Southern systems of white
supremacy. But what those accounts gloss over is that federal policy also helped
shape American agriculture into the wealthy, politically powerful - and
overwhelmingly white - sector that it is today. n145 As federal farm policy
expanded dramatically over the course of the twentieth century, it
systematically favored whites.

   Beginning in the late nineteenth century, the national government began
creating a massive, path-breaking infrastructure to support American farmers -
an infrastructure that included the USDA, federally supported land grant
colleges, agricultural research stations, and the agricultural extension
service. n146 Collectively, those institutions provided cutting-edge scientific
knowledge, practical education for farmers, and financial support for
agricultural development. By designing these institutions to convey their
benefits directly to local farmers, and allowing farmers to govern many programs
from the grassroots, the national government created tremendous wealth, human
capital, and political power for white farmers. African American and other
minority farmers, however, were pushed to the margins.

   From Reconstruction forward, black farmers and their advocates petitioned for
equal protection of the law and fair treatment within national farm policy. They
asked the federal government to implement agricultural policy in accord  [*929]
with the constitutional principles of each period. Beginning in the nineteenth
century, they asked for separate and equal farm institutions so that minority
farmers would receive a proportionate share of agricultural resources. Before
and after Brown v. Board of Education, n147 they asked for equitably integrated
institutions for minority farmers, farm employees, and others. Often they
claimed redress for intentional discrimination. Those claims frequently were
addressed to Congress and the executive branch, as well as the courts. n148

   But no branch responded effectively, leaving the nation's agricultural
institutions unequal, unevenly integrated, and rife with disparate treatment.
Sometimes legislators and executive officials lacked the will to take any
action; sometimes they formally endorsed equality principles but lacked the
capacity to effectively implement them. Opponents (most often Southern
politicians) inside and outside these branches were able to block official
actions, undermine implementation, and undo already-obtained protections for
black farmers. n149 They relied on the many institutional openings that American
government offers for obstruction: the checks and balances inherent in divided
powers; features that provide powerful minorities with "vetoes" on national
policy, such as Congress's internal rules and the president's reliance on
cohesive support from his party within Congress; the opportunities for
federalist defiance offered by systems of local control over federal programs;
and bureaucratic intransigence. Denied the human capital, wealth, and political
power provided to white farmers, African American farmers disappeared at an
increasingly rapid pace. This Part describes that history.

   A. Congress Creates Separate and Unequal Institutions

 How did a segregated and unequal national agricultural framework originate?
During the Civil War, federal officials began building a broad system of support
for American farmers. In 1862, Congress established the USDA and a system of
state land grant colleges to support agricultural research and training of
farmers in modern agricultural techniques. n150 In 1887, Congress created
[*930]  dedicated agricultural research stations to fuel continual expansion of
agricultural knowledge. n151 In the early 1900s, Congress also created a
nationwide network of agricultural extension agents - known as farm agents - who
would deliver research directly to farmers, visiting them on their farms to
educate them on the newest methods. n152 This network of land grant colleges,
research stations, and farm agents merged federal, state, and local authority
and funds into a truly national, grassroots system of support for farmers.
Almost half of the U.S. population worked in agriculture at the time. n153 By
the early twentieth century, "the United States... [had] developed the greatest
agricultural-rural development system ever devised" - but one which "kept its
real benefits from African Americans." n154

   As Congress designed this rural development system, the legislators
understood that it implicated serious constitutional questions of racial
justice. Beginning in the 1860s, Congress, including framers of the Fourteenth
Amendment, debated requiring the Southern land grant institutions to admit white
and black students, regardless of race. n155 As one senator put it, "since we
have admitted, and justly so, [African American] men to the Senate there is no
ground on which we can exclude them from agricultural colleges." n156 Yet
legislators failed to enact those integrationist proposals, in part because
Republicans in Congress initially opposed extending land grant aid to the
unreconstructed South. n157 Still, the question of racial justice persisted
during subsequent decades as Senator Justin Morrill, the land grant colleges'
original proponent, continued to seek additional federal funding for the
colleges. n158

    [*931]  Congress ultimately chose a different way of implementing racial
fairness in the land grant system. In 1890, legislators expanded federal funding
of the land grants in the Second Morrill Act. n159 Instead of mandating
integration, the Act required Southern states to provide land grant colleges for
African Americans as well as whites and to provide a "just and equitable
division of funds" between white and black land grant colleges. n160 Thus,
Congress itself debated and created a "separate but equal" framework for
agricultural institutions years before Plessy v. Ferguson. n161 If that
framework was to be even nominally consistent with equal protection principles,
the mandate of equal funding was critical.

   Yet when the equality mandate was tested, Congress quickly retreated, citing
separation of powers and federalism concerns. In 1891, the Republican Secretary
of Interior attempted to enforce the Second Morrill Act's requirement that
states equitably divide funds between white and black land grant colleges, and
withheld South Carolina's grant. n162 Congress used its legislative power to
immediately override the executive branch decision, effectively communicating
its intent that in the future "any division of the grant made by the state
legislatures should prevail." n163 Supporters of the override argued that it was
illegitimate for an executive branch official ("never elected to anything by
anybody") to exercise "a revisory or a veto power" over the states'
decisionmaking. n164

   The question of enforcing separate but equal agricultural institutions arose
again in the early twentieth century. In the Smith-Lever Act of 1914, Congress
created the national agricultural extension service so that local agents could
bring modern farming techniques directly to farmers in their fields. n165
Southerners held considerable power in the Congress of this period and blocked
even the formal  [*932]  mandate of equality. n166 As proposed, the extension
system was to be administered out of the state land grant colleges, meaning that
in the South, white and black extension services would operate separately out of
the segregated schools. n167 Seeing the potential for unequal treatment if funds
for the black service flowed through the white colleges, black leaders and their
allies lobbied Congress. n168 Working with the National Association for the
Advancement of Colored People (NAACP), Senator Wesley Jones of Washington
proposed an amendment requiring a racially equitable division of funds. n169
Without the Jones Amendment, its advocates argued that the law would effectively
"say to every colored man North and South, "You are being discriminated against
in this law.'" n170

   Southern senators did not deny their discriminatory intentions. "I will tell
the Senator frankly what we will do [with the funding]," stated Senator Hoke
Smith of Georgia, a cosponsor of the Act. n171 "We will put it in our white
agricultural college. We would not appropriate a dollar in Georgia to undertake
to do extension work from the Negro agricultural and mechanical school. It would
be a waste of money." n172

   The Jones Amendment's mandate of racial equity failed. Democrats coalesced to
defeat it in the Senate and the division of funds for extension work was left to
the states' discretion. n173 Predictably, the separate black extension service
never received equal funding. n174 Meanwhile, the extension agents increasingly
became the face of, and conduit for, federal farm research and benefits. n175
The  [*933]  shortage of black agents in this dual system meant that the
extension service's benefits - "increased farm earnings, enhanced educational
opportunities, improvements in health and home life ... , and an increased
standard of rural living" - never flowed to African American families on fair
terms. n176 Often they did not even know what supports were available. n177

   Although the NAACP lost the initial fight for equal funding of the segregated
extension service, black leaders and farmers continued to organize, pressing in
the media and through political channels for a more equitable share of
resources. n178 In 1924, a leading black newspaper, the Chicago Defender,
publicized the unequal apportionment of funds between the white and black
extension services: Black farmers got, on average, less than half their
proportionate share of federal funds and received even less from state or county
appropriations. n179 The Defender wrote: "To train the white farmer and leave
the Negro farmer ignorant; to aid the white farmer financially and leave the
Negro farmer indigent, is to aid one group of citizens to become independent at
the expense of another ... ." n180 There was "grave danger in permitting the
government funds to be misappropriated, in permitting scheming Democratic
politicians in the South to divert what should help all to the whites alone,
thereby providing for an increasingly large gap between the white farmer and
other farmers... ." n181

   The Defender suggested political pressure for equalization. Given heightened
concern over the Great Migration and the loss of black labor in the South, "the
time seems very opportune to call on the federal and state governments for a
substantial increase in the number of Negro [extension] workers ... ." n182 An
interracial commission met to strategize ways to expand funding of the black
extension service. n183 In 1930, a committee formed at President Hoover's
suggestion again called for increased resources for black agricultural
education, both by  [*934]  strengthening segregated land grant colleges and
providing more African American extension agents. n184

   Despite black leaders' pressure, the resources dedicated to these segregated
institutions during this period remained highly unequal, as Congress largely
turned a deaf ear. n185 It was Congress that controlled both federal funding and
the structure of the federal-state relationships around the extension service,
land grant colleges, and research stations. Congress thus had the direct power
to implement and enforce that era's constitutional principle of separate but
equal. Yet Southern members exercised their power at key points, buttressed by
Congress's institutional rules, to quash even formal equality guarantees for
black farmers. Meanwhile, the other two branches had far less capacity to
intervene. It is unlikely that litigation in the federal courts could have
brought about an equal funding remedy during this period, and such litigation
did not materialize. n186 Nor does it seem that the executive branch had the
actual power to do so, even when formally charged with ensuring equality. Recall
that a Republican Secretary of Interior was rebuffed by Congress when he
attempted to enforce the mandate of equal funding of black and white land grant
colleges - an example of checks and balances, alongside federalism concerns,
thwarting minority protections. n187 In the end, Congress, the branch with
direct power to assure an equal division of funding, did almost nothing due to
powerful internal opposition.

   B. Class-Based Justice in the New Deal

 With the New Deal came a dramatic expansion in federal support for farming. In
this era, leading liberals in the executive branch favored an alternative vision
of racial equity, advocating programs that would address class inequality in a
[*935]  nondiscriminatory way. n188 By aiding the poorest farmers, such policy
would in fact diminish racial inequality. But that egalitarian vision foundered
on Southern and conservative opposition, while unequal funding of segregated
white and black farm institutions persisted. n189

   Southern Democrats had disproportionate power during these years due to their
stranglehold on Southern politics, their status as a cohesive bloc within the
Democratic Party, and the power they accrued in Congress through seniority,
along with devices like the filibuster. n190 From 1933 to 1952, white
Southerners controlled at least 40 percent of the seats in Congress and half the
committee chairs. n191 Wielding these powers within the legislative branch,
Southerners could defeat executive initiatives at will, giving them what
political scientists have called "a structural veto" over all New Deal and Fair
Deal legislation. n192 As a result, "southern Democrats became one of the
obstacles around which Roosevelt would have to craft agricultural policy." n193

   One of the most important developments in this period further augmented
Southern power: the devolution of significant control over federal farm programs
to local officials. The New Deal's major farm programs were premised on local
control, in part to allow more fine-tuned administration, but also reflecting
Southerners' attempts to insulate local governance - and the racial caste system
- from federal intervention. n194 As a result, these federally funded programs
were directed through elected or appointed county-level committees of local
farmers, supervised by state-level committees. n195 Some saw this as laying the
foundation  [*936]  for truly "democratic planning" of agriculture programs at
the most grassroots level. n196 But these local governance committees were
usually all white, belying their "democratic" claims. n197

   In the 1930s, black leaders took the New Deal to task for perpetuating racial
discrimination. n198 Among their critiques, they singled out farm programs,
calling once more for equitable funding of segregated black programs. n199
African American farm families had less than half their proportional share of
extension agents in the South at a time when the local agent had become even
more critical as a source of information about federal farm benefits. n200 Those
African American agents served populations nearly three times as large as those
of white agents. n201 Liberals in President Franklin D. Roosevelt's
administration added their voices, encouraging blacks to seek greater equity and
be prepared to "fight for their rights." n202

   Wartime exigencies appeared to account for the few gains African American
farmers obtained. During World War II, the national government pressed all
farmers to increase their production. n203 Black farmers' advocates argued that
this required a fairer allocation of resources. A presidential committee offered
"[a] proposal to bring up to parity the existing facilities of extension service
with Negroes in the Southern states" by increasing salaries and the number of
agencies  [*937]  serving black farmers. n204 From below, black agents
themselves also asked for equal salaries. n205 In 1942, two African American
leaders were appointed as special assistants to the Secretary of Agriculture.
n206 They pushed for the expansion of the black extension service and urged the
black press to apply pressure toward the same goal. n207 The number of black
agents did increase, but the black extension service was never fully equalized.
n208

   New Deal liberals also failed in their efforts to protect landless farmers
and farm workers, who were disproportionately black. In fact, the New Deal's
first major agricultural intervention, the Agricultural Administration Act
(AAA), severely hurt landless farmers. n209 By paying landowners to reduce
production, the program encouraged the eviction of black tenant farmers and
sharecroppers. n210 The infusion of cash allowed farmers to buy machinery,
lessening the overall need for farm labor, and to pay cash wages to seasonal
laborers rather than sharing the harvest with tenants. n211 Landowners refused
to share their federal subsidy checks with the tenants, despite their legal
obligation to do so. n212 Complaints about the AAA program went to
white-controlled local county committees. When asked why tenants were not on the
committee, one white county agent reportedly said, "Hell! You wouldn't put a
chicken on a poultry board, would you?" n213 Agency liberals battled to assure
fairness in the AAA's cotton programs for (disproportionately black) tenant
farmers and sharecroppers, but the conservatives won - and the liberal New
Dealers were purged from the farm agency in 1935. n214

    [*938]  After Southern conservatives' takeover of the AAA, poor farmers
found support from a new agency, the Farm Security Administration (FSA), which
was founded to address rising protests over the situation of sharecroppers and
the landless rural poor. n215 The FSA was initially led by liberal reformer Will
Alexander; it was notable for treating African Americans relatively equitably,
and it supported programs like cooperatives that were intended to allow smaller
farmers to compete with large ones. n216 Yet the agency was never well funded.
n217 Its programs alone could not counteract the structural bias of federal
support toward large agriculture or the pervasive racial discrimination that was
structured into all other federal farm programs. n218 Eventually a conservative
alliance of larger farmers in the American Farm Bureau, Southern Democrats, and
Republicans accused the FSA of supporting socialism and other subversive goals
and killed it off. n219

   In the black press, the FSA's decline symbolized black farmers' inability to
obtain equitable policies through politics. Attributing the FSA's death to the
strength of the conservative farm lobby, one columnist concluded "[a] Negro
Lobby" of similar strength was needed to rectify inequities ranging from the
failure to include blacks in price and ration boards and war industry jobs, to
discrimination in administering the draft. n220 Lacking such a cohesive lobby,
the FSA was moribund by 1946. Only 3 percent of the funds appropriated for farm
programs that year went to African Americans. n221 That same year, leaders of
the black  [*939]  press presented a report to the Secretary of Agriculture
documenting "gross inequalities in the distribution of federal funds to the
land-grant colleges in the South," and called yet again for greater equity
between the segregated land grant institutions and increased numbers of black
extension agents. n222

   With farm programs still strikingly unequal throughout this period, African
American farmers fell farther behind whites. Minority farmers' numbers declined
from 1920 onward. n223 Though overall farm ownership rose during the New Deal,
only a tiny fraction of the new owners were African Americans. n224 As one
sociologist concluded in 1953: "Negro farmers as a group have lost ground in the
period 1920-50 by any criteria... ." n225 Along with economic shifts and the
Depression, the author pointed to black farmers' exclusion from farm programs'
governance, which shut them off from the programs' generous benefits. n226

   Thus, minority farmers were largely excluded from the tremendous national
investment in agricultural development during the New Deal and postwar years as
well as the apparent democratic innovation of delegating governing powers to
farmers at the grassroots level. Though liberals in the executive branch tried
to assist the poor farmers of the South in a racially egalitarian way, they were
outmaneuvered by Southerners and conservatives inside and outside of Congress -
through steps like purging liberals from the AAA and ensuring local whites'
control of the myriad New Deal farm programs. When FDR's administration
attempted more equitable programs, it met serious backlash - as when local
whites greeted black farm agents with violence, or the FSA's programs to aid
landless farmers were stamped out by conservative opposition. Intermittent
executive will was not powerful enough to overcome Southern resistance, in part
because of the institutional rules that gave Southern Democrats disproportionate
power, and in part because FDR's administration depended so critically on those
Southerners to enact its programs in Congress. n227

[*940]

   C. Incomplete Integration in the Executive Branch

 During the middle part of the twentieth century, the federal farm system
continued to exclude and segregate minority farmers. When minorities did seek
federal support, local white farm officials and committee members often
humiliated them. Decades later, farmers remembered this treatment. In the 1950s,
a black farmer was denied an Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) loan because he
wanted to build a brick house: "The white man, who reviewed the loan
applications, told me that colored folks did not live in brick houses." n228
Another remembered from the 1960s "a white FmHA committee member in Bullock
County, Ala. [saying] that a black farmer had been denied a loan because he was
"shooting off his mouth about civil rights.'" n229 Black farmers were kept
waiting in the county offices while white farmers were seen first; they were
addressed by their first name or worse, while whites were addressed as "Mr." or
"Mrs." n230 As late as "the early 1980's, black folks didn't even want to go
into the [FmHA] office. You had to pull your hat off, say, "Yes, sir.'" n231

   Yet a new equal protection paradigm had emerged during the second half of the
twentieth century. According to the Supreme Court, equal protection no longer
meant separate, equal institutions, but required "unitary systems in which
racial discrimination would be eliminated root and branch." n232 In 1954, the
Supreme Court had indicated in Brown's lesser-known companion case, Bolling v.
Sharpe, n233 that federal programs should be integrated along with state and
local institutions. African American leaders, activists, and farmers called on
the federal government to make Brown and Bolling's constitutional principle real
in its national agricultural policy by integrating farm programs.

   Though courts oversaw the initial stages of integration efforts in some
domains - particularly schools - the same was not true in agriculture. Systemic
litigation to integrate farm programs did not materialize until the 1970s,
perhaps  [*941]  due to the NAACP's concentration among urban constituencies.
n234 Instead, enforcement of integration initially rested on the political
branch. With the shift in constitutional paradigm came a shift in the relative
power of Congress and the executive branch to implement equal protection
standards. During earlier periods, it was Congress that could implement
"separate but equal" by mandating equal funding for segregated black farm
institutions. Now, the executive branch was best positioned to implement equal
protection, using its powers over the internal administration of farm programs.
The federal executive under Republican President Eisenhower, however,
demonstrated little will to integrate farm institutions. n235 Integration did
not really begin until Democratic President Lyndon Johnson took office and
demanded progress. n236 Even then, opponents in Congress, the agricultural
agencies, and the grassroots public slowed and subverted presidential attempts
at reform. Later Republican administrations showed scant interest in bringing
about real, egalitarian integration of farm institutions. n237

   In the years immediately after Brown, the Agriculture Department did little
to address the rampant segregation in its programs. n238 In 1955, the Chicago
Defender denounced the department's support for segregation: "The department is
out of step with the administration and out of tune with the times. Integration
has become the byword of the capital and yet it naively plans to go right ahead
with a separate and segregated [4-H] encampment ... ." n239 The newspaper also
noted "certain segregated practices in the extension service," "the two sets of
4-H club groups," and "that [Secretary] Benson has not seen fit during his two
years to include Negroes in policy making and advisory positions on his staff."
n240

    [*942]  As activists denounced the persistent segregation within USDA
programs in the 1950s and 1960s, white supremacists used local white power over
farm programs to retaliate against civil rights activists who sought to vote or
to integrate schools. n241 Local agricultural officials cut off NAACP members
from farm benefits and curtailed USDA surplus food distribution - demonstrating
the power of local control to tamp down black political participation. n242 The
NAACP, Congress of Racial Equality (CORE), and others urged federal
investigations. n243

   Finally, in 1965, the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights catalyzed the
integration of the USDA, releasing a scathing report that documented extensive
segregation and discrimination within the agency's programs. n244 The report
directly blamed the Department for "failing to assume responsibility for
assuring equal opportunity and equal treatment to all those entitled to benefit
from its programs." n245 Instead, "the prevailing practice has been to follow
local patterns of racial segregation and discrimination in providing assistance
paid for by Federal funds." n246

   Black farmers, according to the report, were left to scratch out a living as
subsistence farmers, while white farmers gained access to productive,
wealth-building capital. n247 Local racism dictated these outcomes: "Starting
with a view that Negroes cannot improve as farmers, many programs have not
trained  [*943]  Negroes in the new technology nor encouraged them to diversify,
to acquire larger acreage, or to make their small acreage more productive." n248

   Minority farmers also remained systematically excluded from local governance:
"One of the most serious obstacles barring Negro farmers from the benefits of
the Department's programs has been the consistent exclusion of Negroes from the
local decision-making process which controls the dispensing of these benefits...
. Negroes do not join white farmers in making plans for the community." n249
Black farmers' exclusion from local governance of farm programs meant exclusion
from benefits: "These local controls have been used in the South to establish
and maintain racial differentials in the kinds and amounts of Federal aid
available to farmers. Far from discouraging such undemocratic practices in its
programs, the Department itself has generally conformed to the discriminatory
regional pattern." n250

   President Johnson asked the Secretary of Agriculture to respond to the report
with concrete plans for action within thirty days. n251 Initially, the
government pursued real integration in farm programs; an observer described the
USDA as "one of the most active Federal agencies in civil rights." n252 In April
1965, Secretary Freeman ordered the agency to comply with antidiscrimination
laws. n253 He appointed William Seabron as assistant to the secretary for civil
rights to coordinate civil rights across all USDA agencies, and created a
citizens' advisory committee on discrimination. n254 The agency issued
integration guidelines, established a system for collecting minority
participation data, and appointed African Americans to state and local
committees. n255 Black employment in the Department increased by 41 percent in a
single year. n256

    [*944]  But the Department remained constrained in its pursuit of racial
equity - most prominently by the power of Southerners over congressional
agricultural oversight committees and the relative autonomy of the county
committee system to control local USDA programs. n257 Rep. Jamie Whitten of
Mississippi, head of the House of Representatives' Agricultural Appropriations
Subcommittee (popularly known as "the permanent Secretary of Agriculture"), told
county committees to resist integration. n258 USDA officials feared his ability
to slash their budgets. n259 Civil rights attorneys at the Justice Department
attempted and failed to improve the USDA's racial practices. n260

   As a result, "black [FmHA] employees in southern states worked out of
segregated offices, served only African American farmers, were barred from
county FHA committee meetings, and were told to avoid civil rights issues." n261
African Americans had been appointed to FmHA committees as alternates, but they
did not vote; apparently USDA officials lacked the will to appoint blacks as
full members. n262 Similarly, Agricultural Stabilization and Conservation
Service (ASCS) election reforms had allowed greater voting by African American
farmers, but those farmers' incorporation into county committees remained
minimal as they were largely slotted into positions as "alternate" members,
rather than full membership. n263

   Resistance within the agency itself also hampered integration efforts. The
new USDA civil rights office was deluged with complaints, but offered little in
the way of effective remedies - "bureaucratic nullification" subverted reforms.
n264 The staff reported that their requests to other USDA agencies were
sometimes  [*945]  ignored. n265 The head of the office, Seabron, did not report
directly to the Secretary; he said that he could only ensure his messages'
delivery to Secretary Freeman if he hand-carried them. n266 Seabron's staff was
miniscule, and he relied on cooperation from state and local units. n267

   Executive branch efforts to integrate the black extension services often
backfired to hurt both black employees and black farmers. When the white and
black state extension services were merged, black agents were stripped of
supervisory and administrative powers. n268 Explicit salary disparities between
white and black agents that existed before integration continued. n269 Farm
program employees were promoted and given merit increases based in part on such
intangible factors as "temperament." n270 Unsurprisingly, these evaluations
disfavored blacks. n271 Because county commissioners had the power to hire local
agents, in some cases the state extension service refused to recommend African
Americans because they anticipated that local officials would reject them. n272
Black agents often continued serving only black populations under a prevailing
practice that assigned them only to counties with black professionals. n273

   Other farm programs remained separate and unequal despite formal integration.
The 4-H and homemakers' clubs that the USDA sponsored for farm youths remained
segregated in practice, even as they adopted formally race-neutral membership
policies. n274 The federal and state governments continued to oversee
disproportionately low funding of black land grant colleges relative to their
white peers. n275

    [*946]  By the 1970s, the executive branch's integration efforts had
achieved limited gains, failing to eradicate the preexisting pattern of
segregation, unequal resources, and disparate treatment within farm programs.
n276 William Payne of the USDA described continued high-level intransigence to
civil rights within the USDA during the 1970s, including "outright attempts to
circumvent enforcement actions." n277 "Top officials" left the director's
position in the Civil Rights Office vacant for twenty-seven months, and at one
point attempted to do away with the office altogether by transferring 80 percent
of its staff. n278 Payne wrote that progress came only in "brief periods
following public exposure of embarrassing practices through lawsuits or
protests." n279

   Frustrated activists had turned to litigation and eventually two cases
involving segregated agricultural institutions arrived at the Supreme Court.
n280 Bazemore v. Friday n281 dealt with the extension service in North Carolina,
while United States v. Fordice n282 addressed higher education in Mississippi,
including its state land grant colleges. n283 By then, though, the Court was no
longer mandating a wholehearted push for integration, as it had done for
Southern primary and secondary schools in the late 1960s. Instead, in its two
decisions, the Court spelled out the limits of the integration mandate: Clear
vestiges of the dual structure, such as the old race-based pay scale in the
extension service, were to be eliminated. n284 But offshoots like the separate
4-H clubs created by the USDA in local schools did not need to be integrated.
n285 And the system of segregated white and  [*947]  black land grant colleges
first created under the Second Morrill Act was not to be entirely dismantled.
n286

   In both Bazemore and Fordice, the Court held that whether remediation of
segregated institutions was necessary rested on whether true individual choice
was possible once de jure bars were removed. n287 Persistent segregation that
rested on such free choice was not a cognizable racial harm. n288 In limiting
the government's obligation to achieve integration and instead focusing on the
government's obligation to empower individual "choice," the Court cleared the
way for equal protection's subsequent focus on remedying intentional bias,
rather than the vestiges of prior discrimination. It also left much of the old,
unequal structure of farm programs unchanged.

   During this period, black farmers' land loss accelerated. Small farmers of
all races were disappearing, but the crisis was more severe for African
Americans. n289 From 1950 to 1974, African American farm ownership fell by 80
percent. n290 By the late 1970s, reports warned that African American farmers
would soon disappear completely. n291 Congress created programs targeted to
small farmers and provided more funding for the historically black land grant
institutions. n292 But, like the FSA during the New Deal, these aids to small
farmers and minorities were never substantial enough to counteract the dominance
of big agriculture or the force of entrenched discrimination in local farm
programs.

   Thus, early executive leadership during the integration era proved only
partly successful in eradicating farm institutions' segregated, unequal
structure. In the 1960s, integration proceeded with President Johnson's support,
but it often amounted to merely superficial changes with inequitable patterns
persisting in practice. Even with a powerful president demanding progress,
Southern defenders of segregation and racial subordination could oppose
integration and equitable treatment of black farmers from within the executive
branch's farm  [*948]  agencies, congressional oversight committees, state and
local governments, and even the judicial system. Gains for African American
employees and farmers were episodic, at best. Later Republican presidents showed
little desire to consolidate or improve on the early advances. That uneven
progress reflected the many opportunities that separated powers, federalism, and
politicized administration gave white Southerners to protect existing systems of
inequality, by slowing, subverting, and rolling back reforms.

   D. Intentional Discrimination and the Administrative Process

 By the 1980s, equal protection standards had shifted again. The Supreme Court
held in the late 1970s that the Equal Protection Clause barred only intentional
government discrimination, not "de facto" segregation or unintentional racial
disparities. n293 To implement this substantive prohibition, agencies and courts
created new procedural requirements. Federal agencies set up internal complaint
processes for individuals aggrieved by discrimination, with the courts often
requiring plaintiffs to exhaust these processes before filing civil rights
suits. n294

   Black farmers continued to denounce racial injustice within the USDA during
this period. In North Carolina, they complained that white officials failed to
inform them about federal farm subsidies, instead encouraging them to leave
farming, whereupon their land would be sold at auction to local white farmers or
developers. n295 In Tennessee, African American farmers staged a three-week
sit-in at an FmHA office over discrimination. n296 In Arkansas, black  [*949]
farmers charged that their spring applications were delayed until it was too
late to sow most crops, even as white farmers received their loans promptly.
n297 Mississippi farmers brought a suit alleging systematic discrimination, but
a court dismissed it for failure to first exhaust the USDA's internal
administrative remedies. n298

   Yet those who did attempt to exhaust their claims by filing administrative
complaints with the agency found that process ineffective. The USDA's internal
civil rights enforcement had come to a halt. President Ronald Reagan's
administration took a hostile stance toward civil rights remedies generally and
the USDA's process was no exception. n299 In the early 1980s, the agency's
minority affairs director sharply curtailed civil rights enforcement, halting
investigations of program complaints and field compliance reviews - as he
explained, minorities did not politically support Reagan, hence deserved nothing
in return. n300 Though the director was eventually fired, civil rights
enforcement at the USDA was left at "a virtual standstill" and remained gutted
for years afterward - compliance reviews and investigations were rare and the
complaint system was in "disarray." n301 Thus, even theoretically available
judicial remedies could be effectively nullified by executive branch
intransigence.

   Facing these barriers to redress in the executive branch, minority farmers
made significant progress only after the Democrats regained the presidency in
1992. To signal his commitment to change, President Bill Clinton appointed the
first African American Secretary of Agriculture. n302 During the 1990s, the
black  [*950]  farmers' movement grew and gathered force. African American
members of Congress played a key role in pressing the farmers to organize,
originally in pursuit of legislative and administrative remedies - but once it
became clear that the agricultural oversight committees in Congress were
unyielding, they counseled the farmers to turn to the courts. n303 Minority
farmers formed advocacy organizations, filed discrimination suits, marched in
Washington, and met with the president; the Department of Agriculture
investigated its own civil rights record again, this time with damning results.
n304 The farmers won Pigford I and its successor settlements and thousands of
individual farmers obtained cash awards for discrimination they had suffered in
seeking farm loans. n305

   Still, those remedies were disappointingly incomplete in the face of the
century of unequal treatment that preceded them - and even those half-measures
triggered backlash. At the local level, opponents circulated fliers naming black
farmers who had received settlement awards. n306 Allegations of fraud flew
through the national and local media. n307 Critics charged that support from
President Obama's administration for a second settlement represented a giant
political bribe to black voters. n308 No attempt to aid the farmers went
unpunished.

   Today, of every hundred U.S. farmers, fewer than two are African American;
they farm less than 1 percent of the nation's farmland. n309

   * * * African American farmers and their allies sought equality in farm
policy for over a century. But none of the branches provided effective
constitutional protections for minority farmers, even judged by the reigning
legal principles of past  [*951]  eras. The most pervasive barrier was that both
Congress and the executive lacked the institutional will to even attempt to
enforce equal protection standards on the farmers' behalf, blocked by powerful
opposition within Congress and the Democratic Party. On the rare occasions when
one branch considered implementing an expansive vision of equality, it rarely
went anywhere - as when post-Civil War Congresses debated integrating the land
grant colleges over two decades, but never took action. Congress and the
executive also frequently failed to enforce even prevailing, minimalist equality
standards on the farmers' behalf, such as the requirement that segregated
institutions be funded equally, due largely to the power of Southerners within
the Democratic coalition and within Congress.

   When the political branches did attempt to implement constitutional
principles, they struggled to make them effective, facing resistance from within
their own branches as well as from their coequal branches and state and local
governments. As a consequence, they were rarely able to implement equality
mandates successfully on their own, even when they sought to do so. Thus,
liberals in Franklin Roosevelt's administration saw their vision of class
justice on behalf of landless farmers dismantled by an alliance between
conservative farm interests and Southern Democrats, while Lyndon Johnson's
administration saw halting progress in integrating farm programs as bureaucrats
and members of Congress pushed back.

   Even these intermittent efforts by the political branches to implement
equality guarantees provoked acrimony. The threat of backlash seemed to overhang
officials' decisionmaking - it even structured some formal features of farm
institutions, such as the explicit ability of local white communities to veto
the presence of a black farm agent throughout much of the twentieth century.
n310 Unsurprisingly, when farmers won judicial victories at the end of the
century, public recrimination was swift and vicious.

   Absent this history, it would be easy to focus on the last round of
litigation and fault the courts for failing to provide effective remedies for
the farmers. The longer history, though, is one of repeated, longstanding
failures by all three branches of government. Opponents of racial equality
consistently capitalized on their footholds in each of the branches and in state
and local government to block, slow, and undermine others' attempts to implement
equal protection principles. As a result, all three branches showed notable
deficits of will and capacity in implementing equality mandates, while facing
recurring backlash when they tried to do so. The courts critique distracts us
from that bigger story.

[*952]

   IV. Institutional Realism

 African American farmers' past is a stark, understudied example of how national
programs theoretically aimed at ensuring economic security for all instead
fostered profound racial inequality. Such histories are key to understanding why
extreme racial disparities in wealth persist today. n311

   There are also important lessons for constitutional scholars in the farmers'
past. In studying disfavored minorities' fate in our constitutional system, we
should look beyond the failures of courts to those of the political branches. As
the farmers' history illustrates, the political branches often lack the will and
capacity to implement constitutional principles, just as courts do. Those
deficits do not always reflect a lack of democratic support for equality norms,
but also institutional traits that make it exceedingly difficult to shift the
status quo, even when majority opinion might favor it. The Founders deliberately
constructed a government of separated powers and federalism, along with other
features, to achieve a system biased toward inertia. As a consequence, each
branch finds it difficult to pursue constitutional reform on its own, and
disfavored groups seeking affirmative protections often must win supermajority
support, enlisting all three branches in their cause, if they wish to overcome
determined opposition. Those institutional arrangements have frequently served
to insulate and entrench inequality, particularly systems of racial
subordination.

   Recognizing this institutional reality - that our government's fragmented
structure constrains the authority of all three branches and often maintains the
status quo - produces important insights. By highlighting that each branch is
limited in its ability to implement constitutional reforms when acting alone, it
corrects the distortion produced by overemphasizing courts' flaws. Each branch
has distinctive areas of competence, yet is hemmed in by our government's
overall design, so all three must collaborate to achieve a fully effective
constitutional regime. This is especially true when there are diverse,
entrenched harms from the past to be cured. For farmers and others subjected to
multiple forms of state-sponsored inequality, real equal protection remedies
would require the active participation of all three branches. Institutional
realism also provokes profound questions about the structure of American
government. Does an institutional  [*953]  design that simultaneously stifles
national majority will and insulates the status quo serve our nation well? Would
a more majoritarian design better suit a society that aspires to equality and
freedom for all? For those who care about protecting the rights of the
disfavored, these should be pressing questions. This Part discusses each of
these issues in turn.

   A. Understanding Constitutional Failure

 The litany of constitutional failures in the farmers' history points to two
initial lessons: First, that all three branches share responsibility for the
judiciary's inability to remedy longstanding, deeply rooted constitutional
violations, and second, that the political branches face pervasive constraints
rooted in American government's fragmented institutional structure, just as
courts do.

   1. Shared Responsibility: Probing the Role of the Political Branches

 One clear takeaway from the Pigford line of cases, and the decades of history
that led up to them, is that the courts' critics are right that the judiciary
struggles to address deeply rooted inequality. They are wrong, though, to the
extent that they focus solely on the judiciary in seeking to understand why
minority rights go unenforced. During the last decade, African American farmers
obtained only limited remedies from the courts. But in earlier decades they met
a similar fate when they lodged equal protection claims with the political
branches. A judiciary of limited powers cannot on its own repair decades of
racially inequitable farm policy constructed in Congress and the executive
branch. When one recognizes that Congress and the executive branch had many
opportunities to address those inequities - and failed to do so, even according
to past understandings of equal protection - it becomes clear that
constitutional responsibility must be spread across all three branches.

   As Part III illustrated, each problem that the courts' critics diagnose in
the judiciary can also be seen in the responses of the political branches to the
farmers: problems of will, lack of implementation capacity, and vulnerability to
backlash. Digging deeper into the farmers' history suggests a structural account
of why Congress and the executive branch fail to vindicate constitutional
rights, even in minimalist form. Determined opponents consistently drew on the
American government's institutional design to undermine constitutional
protections for black farmers.

   Some, however, might resist drawing contemporary lessons from the farmers'
history, particularly ones that emphasize institutions' structure over the role
of overt prejudice. They would see the farmers' history as an artifact rooted in
a very  [*954]  different - even sharply discontinuous - past of widespread
racism and sweeping political exclusion of African Americans. n312 From that
perspective, explaining the farmers' history is straightforward: They lacked
sufficient political power to get their way, due to a now-gone system of racial
subordination founded on violence and disfranchisement. To the extent
legislators and the executive did not vindicate the farmers' rights, they simply
mirrored the popular sentiment of their times. Given subsequent progress in
racial attitudes and politics, such histories cannot shed light on present-day
dilemmas. n313

   Yet that view, even if it has intuitive appeal, is misleading. Political
outcomes do not flow inevitably from public will, but rather reflect the impact
of our political institutions themselves. n314 When we look closely at the
history of black farmers, we see that interwoven with that very real system of
explicit racial subordination were important features of American governance
that persist today. Southerners and others who wished to preserve the racial
status quo were consistently able to draw on fundamental aspects of American
government - separated powers, federalism, and overlapping majorities in each
branch - to stave off reform. It is impossible to prove that history would have
unfolded differently for African American farmers had our government been
structured differently, but that is not because the structures did not matter.
Rather, our government's design and our racial past are so deeply interwoven
that it is impossible and somewhat foolhardy to try to disentangle them.

   From the Founding forward, the institutional structures of American
governance have been negotiated by, and have shielded, those who wished to
maintain existing inequality. n315 Those structures have provided powerful
minorities at all levels of government with the ability to veto and undermine
national reforms. That is a familiar lesson to students of civil rights - who
know that the Senate's design and internal rules allowed white Southerners to
block efforts to reform Southern racial practices for the better part of a
century - and to students of the welfare state - who know that federalism
allowed states and localities to administer national social programs along
racially unequal lines from the New  [*955]  Deal forward. n316 The effect of
our government's fragmented design can be traced further, though.

   2. The Institutional Constraints on the Political Branches

 Within the farmers' history, the importance of institutional fragmentation was
evident at key points, shaping the willingness of the political branches to take
action on farmers' behalf as well as their capacity to do so. Opponents often
relied on Congress's internal rules and the president's dependence on his
party's support in Congress to prevent either branch from endorsing equality
principles. During significant portions of the twentieth century, Southern
legislators wielded enough power that they could block congressional action
benefitting black farmers if they chose, and they frequently did so. n317 Of
course, black disfranchisement throughout the South gave white Southerners an
illegitimate monopoly on political power in that region over much of that
period. n318 But the possibility of a determined minority blocking congressional
action is a structural feature of our political system, not unique to that
period or to African Americans. n319 Within Congress, a minority with enough
institutional leverage can nearly always prevent legislative action due to "veto
points" within both houses, such as committees' power to block legislation from
reaching the floors for votes,  [*956]  the Senate filibuster, and the House
Rules Committee's agenda control. n320 Those features present general obstacles
for all disfavored groups seeking affirmative protections from Congress.

   Compared to Congress, the executive branch is less infused with formal "veto
points," but the president's need for congressional support - a consequence of
our system of separated powers - has consistently empowered opponents of
equality seeking to block executive action. n321 In the farmers' case, even
liberal Democratic presidents faced stubborn checks from within their own party,
because they required Southern support if they wished Congress to enact their
favored programs. n322 That reality meant that the executive branch was often
reluctant to take strong action on black farmers' behalf, even when leading
voices within the administration called for such steps - with the New Deal
years' aborted attempts to aid the poorest farmers serving as the leading
example. The executive may be undermined from within its own agencies due to
lower-level bureaucrats' ability to stymie implementation. n323 When USDA
officials wished, they could stall or undermine executive mandates, as they did
in the integration era, sometimes avoiding integration altogether and sometimes
complying in letter while continuing to discriminate in practice.

   When Congress and the executive branch attempted but failed to effectively
implement equality mandates, often it was because other branches or state or
local governments directly undermined their acts - legacies of separated powers
and federalism. As a result, even when farmers garnered support in one branch,
they still could not expect effective implementation. When a relatively liberal
administration like that of Roosevelt or Johnson formally supported equal
treatment within farm programs, members of Congress with oversight power over
the Agriculture Department could undermine their initiatives, sometimes in
tandem with state and local officials. Agriculture programs, like so many other
federal programs, relied on state and local officials for administration;
"cooperative federalism" and farm programs' governance at the local level by
county committees  [*957]  meant that lower level officials could easily evade
or defy federal mandates. n324 Later, even if the judicial branch in the 1980s
and 1990s stood ready to provide remedies for intentional discrimination for
farmers, the executive branch could impede farmers' claims by constructing an
agency-level civil rights complaint process that was actually a dead end.

   Nor were the political branches immune from backlash challenging their
democratic legitimacy as policymakers. The courts critique suggests that courts
are distinctive in this regard because they are unelected and less flexible in
their methods - thus more likely to become lightning rods triggering opponents
to mobilize. n325 Things are not so simple in practice, though: The political
branches are not always seen as democratically legitimate or accommodating.
Members of Congress and the president are elected, and features of both branches
sometimes force them toward compromise. But federalism, the election of national
offices through different overlapping majorities, the unelected administrative
state, and claims of political dysfunction are sources of recurring democratic
challenge to Congress and the executive, fueling resistance to their mandates.
Federal officials face perennial challenges to their democratic legitimacy when
they act against state or local governments. n326 Congress is often denigrated
as a bastion of special interests, rather than a body representing the people's
interests. n327 The president can be challenged as tyrannical, as a winner of an
electoral-college plurality rather than a national majority, and, in his final
term, as a lame duck. n328 Administrative agencies are denigrated as
unaccountable, elitist, or "captured" bureaucrats. n329

   Opponents of black farmers challenged the legitimacy of congressional,
presidential, and agency action on many of those grounds - that the federal
government was interfering with local democracy, that special (or even
subversive) interests had captured Congress or the executive, or that faceless
bureaucrats were acting arbitrarily. Further, even seemingly small executive or
legislative steps toward equality were viewed not as compromises but as
aggressions - sending a  [*958]  single black extension agent to a Southern
county could trigger violence. n330 Incrementalism is no guarantee against
backlash.

   Many of the institutional features underlying these obstacles are deliberate
aspects of the constitutional design traceable to the Framers. Such features
include an arduous legislative process, divided powers, federalism, and
overlapping schemes of representation that prevent any single branch from
claiming to authoritatively represent majority will. The three branches were
designed to exercise distinctive powers, yet ones "so far connected and blended
as to give to each a constitutional control over the others." n331 The "compound
republic" of the United States divided authority not only among the branches,
but also between the states and the national government. n332 The President,
House, and Senate are elected by distinctive constituencies, with different
geographic and temporal bases giving "each department ... a will of its own."
n333 Given that each branch of government represents a different cross-section
of the American public, none can claim to exclusively or unproblematically
represent popular will.

   Other institutional aspects of American governance that empower opponents to
block reform emerged after the Framing. Congress's internal rules - such as the
filibuster, seniority privileges, and committees' powers over the legislative
agenda - developed later. n334 The president's reliance on his party to enact a
legislative agenda is traceable to the unanticipated rise of political parties
as well as to the constitutional separation of powers. n335 As the
administrative state grew, the executive acquired more power, but bureaucrats'
ability to subvert presidential mandates also grew as they wielded power over
increasingly large and technocratic domains. n336 The rise of cooperative
[*959]  federalism channeled federal programs through state and local
administrators, adding yet another layer of potential resistance. n337

   Collectively, these features subject the American state to minority vetoes
across multiple institutions, making it difficult to achieve coherent, effective
action unless all three branches concur. Such accord itself requires
supermajority support, cutting across the diverse constituencies that each
branch represents. As a result, it should be difficult for any branch to act on
its own to violate the Constitution, because doing so rests on the others'
acquiescence. n338

   Yet these same structural features make it quite difficult for any branch to
respond on its own to vulnerable groups' constitutional claims, since each is
subject to the others' "constitutional control" and cannot effectively coerce
actions by them. n339 Effectively, this means that disfavored minorities are not
tasked with simply winning over majority will to their cause if they face
entrenched opposition. They must go further, gaining the political leverage
necessary to overcome all of the potential barriers within each branch and
across multiple levels of government. To get an accurate view of the prospects
for disfavored minorities seeking to secure their rights through politics, we
must account for those hurdles. Constitutionalism outside the courts, of the
type the farmers practiced for so long, can be a grueling, near-impossible
battle.

   B. Clarifying Capacity

 The simple truth that all three branches operate within the fundamental
constraints of separated powers and federalism also suggests a more holistic
perspective on each branch's capacity. To the courts' critics, effective
constitutional reforms usually must come from the political branches. n340
Congress's legislative and spending powers provide it with powerful leverage
while the executive branch has the advantages of bureaucratic expertise, clear
hierarchy,  [*960]  and long-term planning capacity, along with flexible tools
for information-gathering and implementation. n341

   The courts' critics underestimate the difficulty, however, that all actors
face in realizing policy reforms. Implementing policy is never easy and requires
sustained commitment, a point missed by anecdotal accounts emphasizing early
success. n342 For example, many scholars illustrate judicial weakness and the
efficacy of the political branches by pointing to school desegregation: They
note that the Court's decision in Brown had little impact on Southern
segregation, while congressional enactment and executive enforcement of the
Civil Rights Act of 1964 produced quick gains. n343 Tracing history further
forward, however, shows that legislative and executive will and capacity in this
area quickly waned, often proving inadequate after a brief burst of action in
the late 1960s. n344

   Still, it is likely true that Congress and the executive are better equipped
to overhaul institutions like Southern schools or urban police departments.
That, however, does not suggest that the courts are globally "weak" at
implementing constitutional reforms. Rather it points to the importance of the
distinctive powers of each branch and the need for cross-branch cooperation.
Constitutional harms and remedies are not fixed. Insofar as substantive
constitutional principles (and corresponding harms) vary, each branch's capacity
to implement those principles and provide adequate remedies varies in
corresponding ways. Segregation was exceedingly difficult for courts to undo
across many thousands of local institutions, while this was a task naturally
suited to the executive branch's capacity for broad monitoring, flexible
response, and speedy sanctions. In contrast, Congress was the institution best
positioned to mandate equal funding during segregation. In the present, the
judiciary is well positioned to administer individual remedies for intentional
disparate treatment. n345 Under some circumstances, these distinctive powers may
allow each branch to act independently to protect rights.

   However, no branch operates autonomously. The separation of powers and
federalism limit the ability of all three branches to implement the Constitution
[*961]  alone, and this is particularly true when opponents wield power from
within other parts of government. Political scientist Matthew Hall points out
that the Supreme Court is an "implementer-dependent" institution; its relative
capacity to implement its mandates varies, depending on whether the reform lies
within direct judicial control or requires "lateral" cooperation from other
government actors. n346 The judiciary is not unique, of course: All three
branches are "implementer-dependent" institutions that require cooperation to
make their edicts reality. n347 Like the Supreme Court issuing mandates to lower
courts, Congress and the executive exercise relatively direct control in some
domains. When Congress uses its spending power, or the executive changes its
prosecutorial policies - examples of core "legislative" and "executive"
competencies - they may face certain internal obstacles (akin to those the Court
faces in securing cooperation from lower courts), but they exercise relatively
direct control. Even in those core domains, though, the reality of shared,
overlapping powers and federalism means that each branch is subject to checks
from other actors. n348 Outside those domains, it is even more difficult for a
branch to step into another government actor's sphere and overhaul or correct
its actions. n349

    [*962]  Thus, the courts' critics exaggerate the judiciary's flaws by
failing to acknowledge that other institutions also face pervasive obstacles to
implementation and that the difficulty of implementation does not hinge only on
which institution leads the way. Rather, the key question is whether that
institution has the direct power to provide the needed remedy and whether
opponents have the necessary foothold in other institutions to block it. In a
system of divided powers, each branch has characteristic areas of high and low
capacity, and each faces hurdles in imposing its will on others. No branch rules
alone; no branch is obviously preeminent in its capacity to implement the
Constitution.

   C. Rethinking Structure

 If basic institutional features of American government tend to impede our
government's ability to implement constitutional norms, the obvious question is:
Should we rethink our government's design? That inquiry is less radical than it
sounds. Constitutional theorists have increasingly suggested, echoing previous
generations' calls for change, that the U.S. government's structure creates too
many barriers to democratic will. n350 They have advocated institutional reforms
to align our political system more closely with the national majority will,
removing or reducing the impact of features that give disproportionate power to
a minority of the national population, from equal state representation in the
Senate to the electoral college to the Article V constitutional amendment
process. n351 Those scholars' focus, however, has been on overcoming gridlock
and improving the general quality of governance.

   The farmers' history points toward a different benefit from such reforms: A
more majoritarian system of government might also aid disfavored minorities
seeking constitutional protections. That runs counter to the usual wisdom about
American government, that fragmenting power prevents the government from
oppressing minorities. But evaluating which view is more accurate presents an
empirical question, one that cannot be answered through pure theory. n352

   History may provide clues. Have features of American government - like
separated powers, the representation of overlapping majorities, and federalism -
[*963]  in fact sheltered vulnerable groups from majority tyranny? n353 Or have
they instead empowered already-powerful groups seeking to defend their
positions? As a single case study, the farmers' history cannot tell us whether a
fractured government design does more harm than good. Nor can we definitively
know whether the farmers would have attained greater equality in its absence. It
does suggest, however, that we should consider whether our institutions' design
truly serves constitutional values - particularly for the disfavored groups who
most urgently require constitutional protection. Intuitively, one would think
that preserving the status quo tends to favor the best-off, not the
disfranchised. n354 Insofar as many features of American institutional
fragmentation originated in compromises between powerful stakeholders at the
Founding, and have historically served to shield systems of inequality, that is
further reason to question whether they protect the vulnerable. n355 Ultimately,
though, rigorous analysis and long-term, comprehensive study are needed to
adequately address these questions, with due attention to the varying
implications of specific institutional features.

   Such research might begin by collecting case studies of numerous rights
movements, both successful and failed ones, with an eye to mapping the
constraints and barriers that they faced within politics and in the courts. How
often has a disfavored minority found itself blocked by powerful opponents who
cannot claim to represent the public as a whole? How often has the diffusion of
governing power by institutional structure instead protected such groups or
advanced their claims? For example, the LGBT rights movement has won historic
victories in the marriage equality arena, n356 but that movement's battle for
federal antidiscrimination legislation is now in its fourth decade, stymied by
the vetogates  [*964]  that pervade our system despite majority support among
the public. n357 In the meantime, individuals suffer very real harms from the
absence of those protections. What costs have such barriers exacted from other
groups, and how should we weigh those against the apparent benefits of gradual,
consensus-driven change? Are there ways to retain the benefits of deliberation
and time, while making it more feasible for movements to obtain rights
protections through democratic politics? n358

   For now, we can simply recognize that whether our government's design
protects or hurts disfavored minorities is a critical, unresolved question
lurking within American constitutionalism - and one that may temper our
enthusiasm for sending disfavored minorities off to seek their rights in
democratic struggle. Institutional realism highlights that the deep structure of
our institutions configures politics, and entails significant costs for those
who are required not just to "run the race of politics" but also to clear the
high hurdles erected by those institutions. n359

   D. Implications

 What are the implications of the foregoing analysis? First, it suggests a more
balanced view of the three branches' capacity to protect minority rights.
Congress, the executive, and the judiciary are all charged with implementing and
enforcing constitutional principles, yet they often fail to do so. Those
struggles are partially rooted in American constitutional design, which gives
opponents multiple chances to block each branch's actions. Courts are not unique
in  [*965]  that regard. None of our branches are simply majoritarian; none is
free of institutional constraints.

   Second, we should be careful in characterizing the courts' remedial powers.
Courts may lack the bureaucratic tools and flexibility necessary to oversee
reform of other government institutions. But that view risks idealizing the
other branches, which also struggle to overhaul institutions and protect
minority interests. Further, each branch suffers from constraints in some areas
of action and enjoys heightened powers in others. At the end of the day, any
branch will find it difficult to act alone to force change on other parts of
government; constitutional reform is most effective when all three branches
align. Such is the reality of the fragmented constitutional system the Framers
gave us. Future analyses should aim to deepen the analysis offered here - by
asking which institutional features of each branch decrease its members'
collective will to aid marginalized groups, which diminish each branch's
implementation capacity, and which characteristics heighten the potential for
public backlash. The end goal would be a careful, variegated diagnosis of each
branch's distinctive strengths and weaknesses in implementing constitutional
rights.

   Third, analyzing each branch's distinctive role in constitutional
implementation has direct implications for thinking about equal protection
remedies for persistent, deeply rooted racial harms. We have lived through a
series of equal protection regimes in the past century. Each posited different
constitutional obligations and thus resulted in different institutions having
the primary power to implement those obligations. n360 One means of moving
forward is to recognize that no branch has succeeded in implementing its
responsibilities - and that all three branches would have to play a role in any
program meant to address the entrenched racial inequality that has resulted. It
is unrealistic to expect that judicial, legislative, or executive branch
remedies alone can resolve these past harms, which have such a varied, deeply
rooted nature.

   To return to the farmers, this implies that remedying the harms minority
farmers suffered from generations of inequitable farm policy would require
action from all three branches. More adequate responses might include, for
example, new programmatic interventions from Congress to open up wealth-building
opportunities in agriculture to a truly diverse set of Americans, procedural
reforms to farm programs from the executive branch to repair the vestiges of
past segregation and discrimination, and symbolic measures such as apologies and
full public accountings of past injustices - along with the individual
compensatory remedies the farmers actually obtained through litigation in the
courts.  [*966]  Such a multipronged approach would represent a true flowering
of constitutionalism inside and outside the courts, one in which all three
branches have space to address the harms of the past.

   Finally, if neither democracy nor our normative constitutional theories
absolve the political branches from enforcing the Constitution on disfavored
minorities' behalf, then we should consider how our government's structure
shapes the likelihood that they will do so. Under what conditions is there
institutional space and capacity for a branch to act on unpopular groups'
behalf? If these conditions are very narrow, then we should consider whether
there are adjustments that might widen them, either through direct institutional
design changes or by shifting how we incentivize legislative, executive, and
judicial responsibility for minority protections. Legal scholars have heavily
critiqued the judiciary for constraining Congress's ability to implement
minority-protective laws. n361 Are there additional ways in which each branch
affects the others' incentives to protect unpopular groups? Is there an argument
for constitutional overhaul to facilitate government action in aid of minorities
by reducing the ease with which others can block constitutional remedies? Would
this make it too easy for government to act against minorities themselves? These
questions are challenging ones to resolve, but they deserve our sustained
attention.

   Conclusion

 This Article points to an important research agenda within constitutional law
and politics. What can we expect of the political branches? When, if ever, will
they implement the Constitution on behalf of disfavored groups? How do the
institutional design of Congress and the executive branch affect their ability
to do so? Instead of lamenting the courts' inadequate capacity to protect
subordinated groups, we should ask how likely any of our national institutions
are to do so, how they fare in comparison to one another, and whether
institutional changes would encourage stronger constitutional interventions.

   Moreover, serious questions remain regarding the burdens of constitutionalism
outside the courts. When we ask subordinated groups to struggle to obtain
constitutional protections from representative institutions, do we ask too much?
What are the appropriate hurdles in a democracy, and what represents
inappropriate insulation of the status quo?

    [*967]  For African American farmers, asking such questions offers far too
little, far too late. Few black farmers remain, and the structure of American
agriculture appears entrenched against them. n362 But their history demonstrates
the profound human costs that constitutional failures inflict. It should also
help us recall that no part of American history has been untouched by the racial
caste system. From the Founding forward, those who wish to insulate that system
have helped shape our most basic institutions. Multiple Reconstructions still
have not fully grappled with the implications of those structures, nor the harms
inflicted by the racial subordination they sheltered. No matter how much our
racial attitudes may progress or how post-racial we supposedly become, those
legacies of structural constraints and racial subordination persist. That
reality should drive us to continue seeking to perfect our constitutional
democracy, for those harmed in the past and all those who continue to struggle
for protection.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Civil ProcedureClass ActionsCompromisesConstitutional LawEqual ProtectionScope
of ProtectionLabor & Employment LawDiscriminationRacial DiscriminationEmployment
PracticesCompensation

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  See United States v. Carolene Prods. Co., 304 U.S. 144, 152 n.4 (1938)
(suggesting a theory of judicial review); John Hart Ely, Democracy and Distrust:
A Theory of Judicial Review 102-04, 135-79 (1980) (emphasizing federal judges'
insulated position and expertise); see also Robert M. Cover, The Origins of
Judicial Activism in the Protection of Minorities, 91 Yale L.J. 1287, 1297
(1982) ("[A] discrete and insular minority cannot expect majoritarian politics
to protect its members as it protects others."). Building on the Carolene
Products notion of "discrete and insular minorities," I use "politically
disfavored minorities" here to mean groups that are both politically
marginalized and socially subordinated. Such groups, by definition, have not
achieved rights protections through normal political processes in the past, but
seek to obtain them going forward - whether through litigation, political
organizing, or both.





n2.  See Bruce A. Ackerman, Beyond Carolene Products, 98 Harv. L. Rev. 713, 741
(1985) (describing courts' proposed role in safeguarding democratic processes);
see also William N. Eskridge, Jr., Channeling: Identity-Based Social Movements
and Public Law, 150 U. Pa. L. Rev. 419, 505 (2001) ("[This] philosophy
culminated in a series of civil rights precedents that over time have brought
the U.S. Supreme Court worldwide acclaim and admiration ... ."); Morton J.
Horwitz, The Warren Court and the Pursuit of Justice, 50 Wash. & Lee L. Rev. 5,
5-9 (1993) (describing the U.S. Supreme Court's "revolution" under Chief Justice
Warren).





n3.  See Andrew D. Martin et al., The Median Justice on the United States
Supreme Court, 83 N.C. L. Rev. 1275, 1301 fig.5 (2005) (showing a rise in the
median justice's conservatism since the 1960s); see also Ian Haney-Lopez,
Intentional Blindness, 87 N.Y.U. L. Rev. 1779, 1825-74 (2012) (describing equal
protection law's shift to a bifurcated standard that shielded discriminatory
government acts while invalidating remedial ones); Kenji Yoshino, The New Equal
Protection, 124 Harv. L. Rev. 747, 755-76 (2011) (describing several decades of
the Court's constriction of equality jurisprudence).





n4.  See, e.g., Alexander M. Bickel, The Supreme Court and the Idea of Progress
98-99 (1970) (suggesting that the judicial process is unsuited to address social
policy); Gerald N. Rosenberg, The Hollow Hope: Can Courts Bring About Social
Change? 422 (2d ed. 2008) (arguing, in a book originally published in 1991, that
courts' rulings rarely triggered "significant social reform"); Ross Sandler &
David Schoenbrod, Democracy by Decree: What Happens When Courts Run Government
4-10 (2003) (critiquing federal courts' institutional reform attempts as
undemocratic and ineffective); Lon L. Fuller, The Forms and Limits of
Adjudication, 92 Harv. L. Rev. 353, 394-404 (1978) (arguing that adjudication is
unsuitable for complex, "polycentric" problems).





n5.  See Michael J. Klarman, Rethinking the Civil Rights and Civil Liberties
Revolutions, 82 Va. L. Rev. 1, 2 (1996) (describing the prior view of courts).
For a recent example of a critical view, see Erwin Chemerinsky, The Case Against
the Supreme Court 9-10 (2014) (arguing that the Court has failed in its
"primary" task of "enforcing the Constitution against the will of the
majority"). For a more positive assessment of the Court's alignment with
majority will, see Barry Friedman, The Will of the People: How Public Opinion
Has Influenced the Supreme Court and Shaped the Meaning of the Constitution
15-16, 381-85 (2009) (arguing that the Court does not simply reflect popular
opinion, but forces the public to deliberate over fundamental norms until deeper
accord is reached).





n6.  I use the broad phrase "constitutionalism outside the courts" to reference
theories describing constitutional initiatives undertaken through representative
institutions or social movements. Representative works include: William N.
Eskridge Jr. & John Ferejohn, A Republic of Statutes: The New American
Constitution (2010); Larry D. Kramer, The People Themselves: Popular
Constitutionalism and Judicial Review (2004); Cass R. Sunstein, The Partial
Constitution (1993); Mark Tushnet, Taking the Constitution Away From the Courts
(1999); William E. Forbath, The New Deal Constitution in Exile, 51 Duke L.J. 165
(2001); Barry Friedman, Mediated Popular Constitutionalism, 101 Mich. L. Rev.
2596 (2003); Robert C. Post & Reva B. Siegel, Legislative Constitutionalism and
Section Five Power: Policentric Interpretation of the Family and Medical Leave
Act, 112 Yale L.J. 1943 (2003) [hereinafter Post & Siegel, Legislative
Constitutionalism]; Robert C. Post & Reva B. Siegel, Protecting the Constitution
From the People: Juricentric Restrictions on Section Five Power, 78 Ind. L.J. 1
(2003) [hereinafter Post & Siegel, Protecting]; Robert Post & Reva Siegel, Roe
Rage: Democratic Constitutionalism and Backlash, 42 Harv. C.R.-C.L. L. Rev. 373
(2007) [hereinafter Post & Siegel, Roe Rage]. The term "constitutionalism"
itself has no settled meaning - in this article, I use it to mean the broad set
of practices that are involved as officials and ordinary individuals invoke,
make claims upon, contest, and implement the norms embodied in the U.S.
Constitution.





n7.  See, e.g., Kramer, supra note 6, at 8 (suggesting that the American
tradition of popular constitutionalism rests "final interpretive authority ...
with "the people themselves,'" binding both courts and representative
institutions); Tushnet, supra note 6, at 186 ("Populist constitutional law
returns constitutional law to the people, acting through politics."); Post &
Siegel, Roe Rage, supra note 6, at 374 (describing "traditions of popular
engagement that authorize citizens to make claims about the Constitution's
meaning"); Reva B. Siegel, Constitutional Culture, Social Movement Conflict and
the Constitutional Change: The Case of the De Facto ERA, 94 Calif. L. Rev. 1323,
1323 (2006) ("Social movement conflict, enabled and constrained by
constitutional culture, can create new forms of constitutional understanding.").





n8.  See, e.g., Stephen M. Griffin, Judicial Supremacy and Equal Protection in a
Democracy of Rights, 4 U. Pa. J. Const. L. 281, 313 (2002) ("There is no such
thing as a true safe haven for any set of political values... . . fundamental
questions of justice and rights must be fought in the out in the real world amid
real institutions on a day to day basis.").





n9.  E.g., Rosenberg, supra note 4, at 421 (attributing progress toward racial
integration to landmark civil rights statutes and executive action in the
1960s); Griffin, supra note 8, at 284 ("Congress has a long and impressive
record, now extending over nearly forty years, in protecting constitutional and
legal rights."); Post & Siegel, Protecting, supra note 6, at 44 (emphasizing
"the myriad ways in which Congress itself has in the past vindicated
constitutional values"); Rebecca E. Zietlow, To Secure These Rights: Congress,
Courts and the 1964 Civil Rights Act, 57 Rutgers L. Rev. 945, 949 (2005) ("The
1964 Civil Rights Act is just one example of the many measures Congress has
enacted to protect minority rights."). Of course, given the Court's recent
jurisprudence limiting Congress's independent power to interpret Fourteenth
Amendment guarantees, it has been logical for scholars to respond by emphasizing
the long history of Congressional rights protections. See infra note 349
(describing the Court's cases striking down legislative rights protections on
the ground that they exceeded Congressional powers under the Fourteenth
Amendment). It may also be more difficult to study failures, since their
outcomes often consist of an absence of action; other fields have foregrounded
movements' political successes rather than failures for that reason. See Regina
Werum & Bill Winders, Who's "In" and Who's "Out": State Fragmentation and the
Struggle Over Gay Rights, 1974-1999, 48 Soc. Probs. 386, 393-94 (2001) (noting
political sociologists' tendency to study successful social movements and the
challenges of collecting data on failed reform attempts).





n10.  Cf. Griffin, supra note 8, at 299 ("There is no guarantee that legislative
majorities will always choose the interest of everyone over the interest of a
large majority of voters... . [It] is not ... unlikely that laws will be passed
that violate the rights of individual citizens."). Some scholars reserve a
backstop role for courts in protecting individual rights due to the threat from
majorities. See, e.g., id.; Post & Siegel, Protecting, supra note 6, at 20-25.





n11.  See infra Part III. Legal scholars have devoted relatively little
attention to this history. But Angela Harris has recently published a beautiful
essay that discusses black farmers' history in detail, situating it within the
larger context of the racialization of American agriculture over several
centuries. See Angela P. Harris, ReIntegrating Spaces: The Color of Farming, 2
Savannah L. Rev. 157 (2015). Most other articles to date have emphasized recent
discrimination claims against the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) instead
of the longer pattern of equality claims by African American farmers. See
generally Stephen Carpenter, The USDA Discrimination Cases: Pigford, In re Black
Farmers, Keepseagle, Garcia, and Love, 17 Drake J. Agric. L. 1 (2012); Seth L.
Ellis, Disestablishing "the Last Plantation": The Need for Accountability in the
United States Department of Agriculture, 4 J. Food L. & Pol'y 93 (2008); Kristol
Bradley Ginapp, Jim "USDA" Crow: Symptomatic Discrimination in Agriculture, 8
Drake J. Agric. L. 237 (2003); Cassandra Jones Havard, African-American Farmers
and Fair Lending: Racializing Rural Economic Space, 12 Stan. L. & Pol'y Rev. 333
(2001). Others have discussed the recent litigation as reparations. See, e.g.,
Roy L. Brooks, Atonement and Forgiveness: A New Model for Black Reparations
124-32 (2004); Kindaka Jamal Sanders, Re-Assembling Osiris: Rule 23, the Black
Farmers Case, and Reparations, 118 Penn St. L. Rev. 339, 362-67 (2013);
Kaimipono David Wenger, "Too Big to Remedy?" Rethinking Mass Restitution for
Slavery and Jim Crow, 44 Loy. L.A. L. Rev. 177, 191-92 (2010).





n12.  See Pigford v. Glickman, 185 F.R.D. 82, 95 (D.D.C. 1999) (approving a
consent decree in a case brought by black farmers); see also Settlement
Agreement, Keepseagle v. Vilsack, No. 1:99-CV-03119 (D.D.C. Nov. 1, 2010)
(settling claims brought by Native American farmers). The federal government
created a voluntary claims process for Latino and women farmers in 2012 after
class certification was denied in both suits. Jody Feder & Tadlock Cowan, Cong.
Research Serv., Garcia v. Vilsack: A Policy and Legal Analysis of a USDA
Discrimination Case 6-7, 11 (2013); Hispanic and Women Farmers and Ranchers
Claims Resolution Process, USDA, https://www.farmerclaims.gov
[http://perma.cc/T7GZ-692Q] (last visited Mar. 8, 2016). A second settlement for
African American farmers - created because the first settlement's notice process
was inadequate, excluding thousands of claimants - was finalized in 2011. See
Claims Resettlement Act of 2010, Pub. L. No. 111-291, 124 Stat. 3064 (2010)
(appropriating funds); In re Black Farmers Discrimination Litigation, 856 F.
Supp. 2d 1, 26-27 (D.D.C. 2011) (approving the settlement).





n13.  See infra Part II.





n14.  As one farmer said, "We met with the President. We tied a mule to the
White House gate. We lobbied Congress. And finally farmers are getting some
relief for the way they were treated in the past." David Firestone, Agric. Dept.
to Settle Lawsuit by Black Farmers, N.Y. Times (Jan. 5, 1999),
http://www.nytimes.com/1999/01/05/us/agriculture-dept-to-settle-lawsuit-by-black
-farmers.html [http://perma.cc/V93F-P4M5].





n15.  See infra Part III. On American farmers' current prosperity and the role
of technological advances and farm policy in shaping that sector, see generally
Carolyn Dimitri et al., U.S. Dep't of Agric., The 20th Century Transformation of
U.S. Agriculture and Farm Policy (2005). Of course, not all American farmers
enjoy prosperity. See Stephen Carpenter, A New Higher Calling in Agricultural
Law, 18 Drake J. Agric. L. 13, 21 & n.27 (2013) (noting inequality among
farmers).





n16.  See infra Part III.





n17.  See generally Ira Katznelson, When Affirmative Action Was White: An Untold
History of Racial Inequality in Twentieth-Century America (2005) (describing the
systematic exclusion of African Americans from wealth-building social programs).





n18.  I treat these claims as claims for equal protection, even if those making
them did not always characterize them as constitutional claims. Black farmers'
claims addressed the core concern of the Equal Protection Clause, racial justice
from state actors, and were couched primarily in the dominant equal protection
paradigm of each period. See infra Part III. A narrower approach would fail to
detect many popular claims for constitutional justice that occur in politics,
given that participants in such debates often may not expressly invoke the
Constitution even as they address core constitutional norms. Cf. discussion
supra note 6 (addressing meaning of "constitutionalism").





n19.  See infra Parts III.A, III.B.





n20.  See infra Part III.C.





n21.  See infra Part III.D.





n22.  See infra Part III.





n23.  See infra note 311 and accompanying text.





n24.  See Robert S. Browne, Wealth Distribution and Its Impact on Minorities, 4
Rev. Black Pol. Econ. 27, 30-31 (1974) (noting that in the nineteenth century,
farm land and related assets were "virtually the sum total of black assets" but
by 1967, farm equity was only 8.2 percent of black wealth, while in 1966, whites
held $ 152.3 billion in farm equity, and blacks had just $ 1.9 billion, or 1.2
percent of the total); P.C. Parks, The Industrial and Economic Progress of Negro
Farmers in Georgia, Pitt. Courier, Mar. 30, 1912, at 8 (stating that three
fourths of all property acquired by African Americans in Georgia following
emancipation was invested in farmland, farm equipment, and farm household
goods).





n25.  I term this history a "case study" but do not claim that it stands in for
a large universe of similar cases - in fact, its unique aspects may be the very
features that "alert us to relationships that have otherwise eluded attention,
and so change the questions we ask in ensuing cases." Siegel, supra note 7, at
1330.





n26.  These features are often described as producing a fragmented government
structure. Robert Kagan has contrasted the U.S. government's design with more
hierarchical, centralized states: "The power to make and apply policy and law
... is fragmented among many governmental bodies and courts, staffed by
officials primarily responsible to local political constituencies." Robert A.
Kagan, Adversarial Legalism: The American Way of Law 41 (2001). Rooted in
classical liberalism's view that "governmental power must be limited and
restrained," this fragmentation of authority results from "constitutions, state
as well as federal, that splintered governmental authority among separate
"branches,' establishing legal constraints on each... . Separation of powers,
bicameral legislatures, and fragmented political parties created a large number
of "veto points' at which special interests could strive to block governmental
action that displeased them." Id. at 41, 42. Scholars contrast this design with
both parliamentary systems - which do not experience divided government, with
governing power split between two major parties in separate branches - and
systems that centralize administrative state functions rather than diffusing
them across national, state, and local government, as federalism does. See Bruce
Ackerman, We the People: Foundations 251-54 (1991) (summarizing the perspective
of those who view parliamentary systems as superior to the American governmental
design); Thomas J. Anton, American Federalism and Public Policy: How the System
Works 3-10 (1989) (contrasting federalism with a unitary state); Woodrow Wilson,
Congressional Government: A Study in American Politics 281-83 (1885) (critiquing
the American government's separation of powers).





n27.  The U.S. legislative process exemplifies these opportunities for powerful
minorities to obstruct majority will: Bicameralism and presentment "require the
agreement of multiple, mutually antagonistic institutions to make laws," while
Congress's internal rules empower particular actors to block legislation through
filibusters or bottling laws up in committee. Daryl J. Levinson & Richard H.
Pildes, Separation of Parties, Not Powers, 119 Harv. L. Rev. 2311, 2328 (2006);
see also Jesse H. Choper, Judicial Review and the National Political Process: A
Functional Reconsideration of the Role of the Supreme Court 5, 16-23 (1980)
(reviewing the antimajoritarian features of Congress); McNollgast, Legislative
Intent: The Use of Positive Political Theory in Statutory Interpretation, 57 L.
& Contemp. Probs. 3, 16-19 (1994) (discussing the role of "pivotal players" and
"veto gates" in providing opportunities to block statutes).





n28.  Among the most prominent provisions that impeded majority will and
protected slavery were those designating the constitutional amendment process
("ensuring that the slaveholding states would have a perpetual veto over any
constitutional changes") and the electoral college structure, in combination
with the Three-Fifths Clause, which inflated Southern political power by
numbering disfranchised black slaves among their population for purposes of
representation. See Paul Finkelman, Affirmative Action for the Master Class: The
Creation of the Proslavery Constitution, 32 Akron L. Rev. 423, 429-30 (1999).
Other provisions requiring equal state representation rather than
population-based representation were in fact not sought by the South, but by the
small states - yet later benefitted the South as it sought to preserve slavery.
See Mark A. Graber, Dred Scott and the Problem of Constitutional Evil 102-03,
109, 131-32 (2006).





n29.  See Cover, supra note 1, at 1308 ("The apparently neutral structural
characteristics of the Constitution had never been neutral concerning race... .
The local political controls of federalism and the subjugation of administration
to politics ... supported and facilitated southern Apartheid."); see also infra
note 316.





n30.  See Malcolm M. Feeley & Edward Rubin, Federalism: Political Identity and
Tragic Compromise 36-37 (2008) (arguing that the idea that federalism diffuses
power, thereby protecting liberties, is premised on a "traditionalist and highly
controversial" view that overlooks the role of "positive rights that only
affirmative governmental action can secure").





n31.  Another way of making this point is to note that separated powers, along
with staggered elections, mean that a political movement must win multiple
elections to obtain "plenary lawmaking authority." See Bruce Ackerman, The New
Separation of Powers, 113 Harv. L. Rev. 633, 644 (1999).





n32.  Steven Calabresi asks: "Doesn't the system of checks and balances,
separation of powers, and federalism make progressive change impossibly
difficult?" Steven G. Calabresi, Thayer's Clear Mistake, 88 Nw. U. L. Rev. 269,
271 (1993). But Calabresi dismisses this possibility in a single sentence,
claiming that these features merely "slow down the pace of change." Id.





n33.  To contextualize this in present day struggles, future research might, for
example, apply this lens to the long-term campaigns for LGBT rights, for
undocumented immigrants' rights, and for the rights of the poor. Legal
historians' work provides rich examples that future work might draw upon. For
example, William Forbath has documented the defeat of the New Deal coalition's
vision of a "political Constitution of social and economic rights," including
the right to earn a livelihood, by conservative Southern Democrats and
Republicans in Congress who were able to "cripple or undo" administration
programs in part through strategic use of their power to block legislation. See
Forbath, supra note 6, at 205-208, 215. Identifying successes and failures may
present challenges, to be sure, since these are not always bright-line
categories. In this Article, I take a conservative approach, comparing the
federal government's treatment of black farmers to the reigning formal
constitutional paradigm of each time as evidenced in contemporaneous Supreme
Court precedent (e.g., asking whether farm programs were in fact "separate but
equal"), rather than taking the more demanding approach of comparing the past to
present-day norms or to an independent, progressive view of equal protection. I
also bracket the question of how to evaluate isolated or irregular rights
violations, given that black farmers' history represents such a dramatic failure
of rights protections by almost any conceivable standard; future work may
develop more precise approaches to measuring relative degrees of success and
failure.





n34.  See, e.g., Robert A. Dahl, How Democratic is the American Constitution?
17-20, 28-29, 31, 47 (2001) (critiquing features that serve as a "barrier to
majority rule at the national level"); Sanford Levinson, Our Undemocratic
Constitution: Where the Constitution Goes Wrong (and How We the People Can
Correct It) 6, 25-122, 159-68 (2006) (attacking "structural provisions of the
Constitution that place almost insurmountable barriers in way of any acceptable
notion of democracy"); Larry J. Sabato, A More Perfect Constitution: 23
Proposals to Revitalize Our Constitution and Make America a Fairer Country 2,
23-40, 87-96, 123-52 (2007) (criticizing constitutional provisions that, inter
alia, create a Congress that represents "a tyranny of a small minority"). For
earlier, similar critiques, see generally James L. Sundquist, Constitutional
Reform and Effective Government (1992); Wilson, supra note 26.





n35.  Federal courts were traditionally perceived as conservative forces allied
with the powerful. See Lawrence Baum, The Supreme Court in American Politics, 6
Ann. Rev. Pol. Sci. 161, 169 (2003) ("For the first time [in the 1950s], the
Court was widely viewed as an ally of people with little economic or
conventional political power.").





n36.  The Court extended the Fourteenth Amendment to progressively limit more
and more state action, incorporating the Bill of Rights piece by piece into the
Due Process Clause. See Duncan v. Louisiana, 391 U.S. 145, 149 (1968)
(incorporating the Sixth Amendment right to trial by jury); Malloy v. Hogan, 378
U.S. 1, 6 (1964) (incorporating the Fifth Amendment right against compelled
self-incrimination); Gideon v. Wainwright, 372 U.S. 335, 342 (1963)
(incorporating the Sixth Amendment right to counsel); Robinson v. California,
370 U.S. 660, 667 (1962) (incorporating the Eighth Amendment's bar on cruel and
unusual punishments); Mapp v. Ohio, 367 U.S. 643, 655 (1961) (incorporating the
Fourth Amendment's bar on unreasonable searches and seizures); Everson v. Bd. of
Educ., 330 U.S. 1, 14-15 (1947) (incorporating the First Amendment's
Establishment Clause); Cantwell v. Connecticut, 310 U.S. 296, 303 (1940)
(incorporating the First Amendment right to free exercise of religion); Near v.
Minnesota, 283 U.S. 697, 707 (1931) (incorporating the First Amendment right to
freedom of the press); Gitlow v. New York, 268 U.S. 652, 666 (1925)
(incorporating the First Amendment right to free speech). Alongside its
incorporation of rights against the states, the Court dramatically expanded the
availability of 42 U.S.C. § 1983 as a vehicle for constitutional claims. See
Monell v. Dep't of Soc. Servs., 436 U.S. 658, 690 (1978) (ruling that local
governments may be sued under § 1983); Monroe v. Pape, 365 U.S. 167, 172-87
(1961) (ruling that § 1983 encompasses unauthorized acts by government
officials). An expanding body of constitutional jurisprudence singled out
racial, religious, and national minorities for special judicial protection from
harmful government actions. E.g., Loving v. Virginia, 388 U.S. 1, 11 (1967)
(subjecting the ban on interracial marriage to "the most rigid scrutiny");
Sherbert v. Verner, 374 U.S. 398, 407 (1963) (ruling that generally applicable
laws burdening religious exercise require a "compelling state interest" to
justify denying exemptions); Brown v. Bd. of Educ., 347 U.S. 483, 495 (1954)
(striking down school segregation); Hernandez v. Texas, 347 U.S. 475, 482 (1954)
(ruling that discrimination against Latino jurors violated equal protection);
Shelley v. Kraemer, 334 U.S. 1, 20 (1948) (ruling that courts could not enforce
racially restrictive covenants); Oyama v. California, 332 U.S. 633, 646-47
(1948) (striking down an Alien Land Law provision that "discriminated between
citizens on the basis of their racial descent"); W. Va. State Bd. of Educ. v.
Barnette, 319 U.S. 624, 642 (1943) (ruling that officials could not compel
Jehovah's Witness children to salute the flag). But cf. Korematsu v. United
States, 323 U.S. 214 (1944) (upholding military exclusion order that required
all persons of Japanese ancestry to leave locations on the West Coast to be
detained in internment camps); Hirabayashi v. United States, 320 U.S. 81 (1943)
(upholding conviction under a military curfew order that applied only to persons
of Japanese ancestry). On the rise of groups engaged in rights litigation, see
Charles R. Epp, The Rights Revolution: Lawyers, Activists, and Supreme Courts in
Comparative Perspective 52-54 (1998).





n37.  Prominent mid-century critics suggested that the Court was intervening in
areas beyond its constitutional powers and doing so via an illegitimate,
insufficiently judicial mode of reasoning. See Bickel, supra note 4, at 47-96
(critiquing the Warren Court for failing to provide "coherent, analytically
warranted principled declarations of general norms"); Learned Hand, The Bill of
Rights 55 (1958) (suggesting that the Court had "assumed the role of a third
legislative chamber"); Herbert Wechsler, Toward Neutral Principles of
Constitutional Law, 73 Harv. L. Rev. 1, 20-34 (1959) (critiquing the Court's
jurisprudence for being insufficiently principled).





n38.  Scholars argued that courts were not designed for "polycentric" disputes,
but for individual, one-to-one dispute resolution of common law claims.
Requiring courts to focus on private dispute resolution also helped limit
courts' intrusion into policymaking areas reserved for democratically elected
bodies. Fuller, supra note 4, at 394-404; see also Susan P. Sturm, A Normative
Theory of Public Law Remedies, 79 Geo. L.J. 1355, 1406-08 (1990) (terming this
line of criticism "the competency critique"). Others countered that courts'
intrusion on local democratic processes was a necessary evil and that judges
were capable of adapting existing tools to meet the challenges of overseeing
structural reform. See Abram Chayes, The Role of the Judge in Public Law
Litigation, 89 Harv. L. Rev. 1281, 1285-88, 1307-09, 1313-15 (1976)
(acknowledging that the dispute resolution model cabined unelected judges'
powers, but arguing that the judiciary has institutional advantages that equip
it to oversee institutional reform); Cover, supra note 1, at 1313 ("Given the
objective of ending Apartheid, the activist federal judiciary as spearhead was
the mode of action least likely to destroy the ultimate values served by
fragmentation of political power and local political control over
administration.").





n39.  See Cover, supra note 1, at 1288-89; Michael Klarman, An Interpretive
History of Modern Equal Protection, 90 Mich. L. Rev. 213, 221-24 (1991); Louis
Lusky, Footnote Redux: A Carolene Products Reminiscence, 82 Colum. L. Rev. 1093,
1094-95 (1982).





n40.  304 U.S. 144 (1938).





n41.  Id. at 152 n.4; see also Cover, supra note 1, at 1294 ("Minorities ...
became a special object of judicial protection only with footnote four [of
United States v. Carolene Products Co.] ... ."). The Court suggested that it
also would impose closer scrutiny on legislation that appeared to facially
violate the Bill of Rights and "legislation which restricts those political
processes which can ordinarily be expected to bring about repeal of undesirable
legislation." 304 U.S. at 152 n.4.





n42.  See Ely, supra note 1, at 73-104.





n43.  Id.





n44.  See Owen M. Fiss, The Supreme Court, 1978 Term - Foreword: The Forms of
Justice, 93 Harv. L. Rev. 1, 6 (1979) (describing the Carolene Products footnote
as "the great and modern charter for ordering the relation between judges and
other agencies of government," based on a theory of "legislative failure").





n45.  For example, many doubted the efficacy of the Court's criminal procedure
interventions, which appeared motivated in part by racial justice concerns. See
Richard A. Leo & K. Alexa Koenig, The Gatehouses and Mansions: Fifty Years
Later, 6 Ann. Rev. L. & Soc. Sci. 323, 330-36 (2010) (summarizing studies
indicating that Miranda v. Arizona failed to achieve its goals); Malcolm M.
Feeley, The Black Basis of Constitutional Development, in Earl Warren and the
Warren Court: The Legacy in American and Foreign Law 66-68 (noting role of race
in driving Court's earlier expansion of procedural rights).





n46.  See Robert A. Dahl, Decision-Making in a Democracy: The Supreme Court as a
National Policy-Maker, 6 J. Pub. L. 279, 285 (1957).





n47.  Id.





n48.  Some have also argued that the Court uses judicial review to resolve
issues that majority coalitions cannot resolve internally or to overcome
structural barriers to policy implementation. See, e.g., Mark A. Graber, The
Nonmajoritarian Difficulty: Legislative Deference to the Judiciary, 7 Stud. Am.
Pol. Dev. 35, 39-41 (1993); Keith E. Whittington, "Interpose Your Friendly
Hand": Political Supports for the Exercise of Judicial Review by the United
States Supreme Court, 99 Am. Pol. Sci. Rev. 583, 584-93 (2005).





n49.  Robert G. McCloskey, The American Supreme Court 260-61 (5th ed. 2010); see
also Friedman, supra note 5, at 374-76 (reviewing mechanisms that bring the
Court in line with public opinion).





n50.  See Stuart A. Scheingold, The Politics of Rights: Lawyers, Public Policy,
and Political Change 5 (1974).





n51.  See id. at 98-115.





n52.  See id. at 8, 119-20, 123.





n53.  See Rosenberg, supra note 4.





n54.  347 U.S. 483 (1954).





n55.  See Rosenberg, supra note 4, at 70-71 (civil rights); id. at 226-27
(women's rights); id. at 292 (environment); id. at 334-35 (criminal procedure);
id. at 415-19 (same-sex marriage). Rosenberg argued that courts are ineffective
because they labor under multiple constraints: (1) the limited nature of
substantive constitutional rights, along with accompanying procedural barriers
to litigation; (2) limits on judicial independence due to the politicized
appointment process, the possibility of congressional sanctions, and judicial
deference to the executive branch; (3) courts' reliance on elected and
administrative officials to carry out their orders; and (4) courts' lack of
bureaucratic tools, such as the ability to set a clear agenda, limit
subordinates' discretion, apply specialized expertise, initiate action,
supervise follow-up, engage in long-range planning, and negotiate political
compromises. Id. at 10-17. Given courts' institutional weaknesses, Rosenberg
thought reform litigation a bad bet for activists. Litigation might siphon
resources from more effective reform strategies and trigger countermobilization.
Id. at 423-25.





n56.  See Michael J. Klarman, How Brown Changed Race Relations: The Backlash
Thesis, 81 J. Am. Hist. 81, 91 (1994) [hereinafter Klarman, How Brown] (arguing
that Brown v. Board of Education brought about civil rights progress primarily
by triggering massive, violent Southern resistance, which led a shocked Northern
public to demand civil rights legislation). According to Klarman, judicial
decisions are particularly vulnerable to backlash insofar as they are especially
salient, may be perceived as undemocratic, and force change to occur outside the
ordinary political sequence of reform. See Michael J. Klarman, Brown and
Lawrence (and Goodridge), 104 Mich. L. Rev. 431, 473 (2005) [hereinafter
Klarman, Brown and Lawrence]; see also Michael J. Klarman, Windsor and Brown:
Marriage Equality and Racial Equality, 127 Harv. L. Rev. 127, 148-53 (2013)
(discussing factors that predict backlash).





n57.  The Federalist No. 78, at 380 (Alexander Hamilton) (Lawrence Goldman ed.,
2008) ("[The judiciary] may truly be said to have neither FORCE NOR WILL but
merely judgment; and must ultimately depend upon the aid of the executive arm
even for the efficacy of its judgments."); see also Barry Friedman, The Politics
of Judicial Review, 84 Tex. L. Rev. 257, 260-61 (2005) (describing the
"hard-wired constraints" on judges).





n58.  See U.S. Const. art. III, § 2 (defining judicial power).





n59.  See id. art. II, § 2 (empowering the president to appoint judges "with the
Advice and Consent of the Senate"); id. art. III, § 1 (stating that judges will
"hold their Offices during good Behaviour").





n60.  See Richard E. Neustadt, Presidential Power and the Modern Presidents: The
Politics of Leadership From Roosevelt to Reagan 29 (1991) (noting that the U.S.
Constitution "created a government of separated institutions sharing powers").





n61.  U.S. Const. art. III, §§1-2 (authorizing Congress to establish lower
courts and regulate the federal courts' jurisdiction).





n62.  See Michael Stokes Paulsen, The Most Dangerous Branch: Executive Power to
Say What the Law Is, 83 Geo. L.J. 217, 262-64 (1994) (arguing for broad
executive power to ignore judicial rulings based on constitutional
disagreement).





n63.  Cf. Choper, supra note 27, at 5 ("The federal judiciary ... is the least
democratic of the three branches of American national government.").





n64.  The skeptical view of courts has wide influence. See, e.g., Cass R.
Sunstein, The Supreme Court, 1995 Term - Foreword: Leaving Things Undecided, 110
Harv. L. Rev 4, 8 n.8, 33 (1996) (citing Rosenberg's Hollow Hope for the
proposition that "it may be counterproductive for the Court to insist on social
reform even if the Court is right"). Another prominent perspective, associated
with Critical Legal Studies, also suggests that constitutional litigation in the
courts is unproductive, though it traces this to the nature of individual
rights. See Tushnet, supra note 6, at 141-43 (suggesting that rights claims "are
essentially individualistic" in ways that undermine progressive change);
Kimberle Williams Crenshaw, Race, Reform, and Retrenchment: Transformation and
Legitimation in Antidiscrimination Law, 101 Harv. L. Rev. 1331, 1349-56 (1988)
(examining the Left's concern that rights-based strategies legitimate the social
order without decreasing inequality); Robin L. West, Tragic Rights: The Rights
Critique in the Age of Obama, 53 Wm. & Mary L. Rev. 713, 719-721 (2011)
(discussing the risks of subordination, legitimation, and alienation posited by
the rights critique). A third tradition, associated with the renowned Critical
Race theorist Derrick Bell, suggests that the courts have been unwilling to
demand structural changes due to white racism and self-interest. See, e.g.,
Derrick A. Bell, Jr., Brown v. Board of Education and the Interest-Convergence
Dilemma, 93 Harv. L. Rev. 518, 523 (1980) (arguing that courts will advance
African American rights only when "the remedies, if granted, will secure,
advance, or at least not harm societal interests deemed important by middle and
upper class whites"); Derrick A. Bell, Jr., Racial Remediation: An Historical
Perspective on Current Conditions, 52 Notre Dame Law. 5, 5-6 (1976) ("White
self-interest will prevail over black rights.").





n65.  Constitutionalism outside the courts had special appeal for liberals in
recent decades, as an increasingly conservative judiciary often proved skeptical
of disfavored minorities' claims, while striking down the attempts of other
branches to protect them. See sources cited supra note 3; infra note 349. But
conservatives also favor various forms of extrajudicial interpretation. See,
e.g., Frank H. Easterbrook, Presidential Review, 40 Case W. Res. L. Rev. 905,
913-24 (1990) ("presidential review"); Paulsen, supra note 62, at 228-62
("executive review"); Saikrishna Prakash & John Yoo, Against Interpretive
Supremacy, 103 Mich. L. Rev. 1539, 1554-64 (2004) ("coordinate constitutional
review").





n66.  See discussion and sources cited supra note 6; see also Christopher L.
Eisgruber, The Most Competent Branches: A Response to Professor Paulsen, 83 Geo
L.J. 347, 371 (1994) (favoring "a system within which competing institutions
with differing competencies and perspectives confront one another constructively
and sometimes aggressively about how best to interpret constitutional
principles"); Louis Fisher, Constitutional Interpretation by Members of
Congress, 63 N.C. L. Rev. 707, 717-31 (1984) (arguing that Congress has both the
authority and the competence to address constitutional questions); Paulsen,
supra note 62, at 344 (defending a model that posits "the duty of all elected
officials to exercise their constitutional responsibilities in legal
interpretation"); Lawrence Gene Sager, Fair Measure: The Legal Status of
Underenforced Constitutional Norms, 91 Harv. L. Rev. 1212, 1227 (1978) (arguing
that where the judiciary fails to fully enforce the Constitution, officials must
interpret and apply the relevant provisions themselves); cf. Cornelia T. L.
Pillard, The Unfulfilled Promise of the Constitution in Executive Hands, 103
Mich. L. Rev. 676, 728-39 (2005) (making the case that executive branch
constitutionalism as currently practiced is not normatively attractive).





n67.  Scholars like Mark Tushnet and Larry Kramer have argued that the other
branches are more democratic than the courts and likely no worse at
interpretation, thus should not see their acts invalidated by the courts on
constitutional grounds. See Kramer, supra note 6, at 233-41; Tushnet, supra note
6, at 55-71; see also Jeremy Waldron, The Core of the Case Against Judicial
Review, 115 Yale L.J. 1346 (2006) (offering a conditional argument against
judicial review). Kramer once reproached those who support judicial review as
"today's aristocrats" who lack "faith in the capacity of their fellow citizens
to govern responsibly." See Kramer, supra, at 247; see also Larry D. Kramer,
Foreword: We the Court, 115 Harv. L. Rev. 4, 13-15 (2001) (distinguishing
judicial supremacy and judicial sovereignty, while strongly critiquing the
latter).





n68.  See, e.g., Eskridge & Ferejohn, supra note 6, at 435-36 (arguing that "the
Court should defer to laws and policies that reflect the deliberated views of
Congress and the president, the balance of state legislatures, or the people
themselves, when they have spoken clearly enough"); Post & Siegel, Legislative
Constitutionalism, supra note 6, at 1947 (calling for a model of "policentric
constitutional interpretation" which asks the Court to uphold legislation based
on Congress' own, distinct constitutional interpretations of the Fourteenth
Amendment, so long as the law does not affirmatively violate other
constitutional principles).





n69.  Robin West, Progressive and Conservative Constitutionalism, 88 Mich. L.
Rev. 641, 714-21 (1990) [hereinafter West, Progressive]; see also Robin West,
The Aspirational Constitution, 88 Nw. U. L. Rev. 241, 261-64 (1993) (arguing
that congressional interpretation will be more forward-looking and thus more
progressive than the judiciary's precedent-bound approach).





n70.  West, Progressive, supra note 69, at 715, 721.





n71.  Eskridge & Ferejohn, supra note 6, at 10-12. An emerging literature on
administrative constitutionalism focuses specifically on federal agencies'
elaboration of constitutional principles. Legal historians like Karen Tani and
Sophia Lee have examined how agencies come to develop distinctive constitutional
norms over time. See generally Sophia Z. Lee, Race, Sex, and Rulemaking:
Administrative Constitutionalism and the Workplace, 1960 to the Present, 96 Va.
L. Rev. 799 (2010); Karen Tani, Administrative Equal Protection: Federalism, the
Fourteenth Amendment and the Rights of the Poor, 100 Cornell L. Rev. 825 (2015).
Other scholars have probed the desirability of such elaborations. See, e.g.,
Gillian E. Metzger, Administrative Constitutionalism, 91 Tex. L. Rev. 1897,
1901-02 (2012); Bertrall L. Ross, Embracing Administrative Constitutionalism, 95
B.U. L. Rev. 519, 553-79 (2015).





n72.  Eskridge & Ferejohn, supra note 6, at 18.





n73.  Id. at 8-9; see also id. at 265-308, 431-68 (describing
"deliberation-inducing," "deliberation-protecting," and
"deliberation-respecting" roles for judicial review).





n74.  Griffin, supra note 8, at 283; Zietlow, supra note 9, at 991.





n75.  Griffin, supra note 8, at 283; Zietlow, supra note 9, at 950.





n76.  Griffin, supra note 8, at 301.





n77.  See Siegel, supra note 7, at 1325-30, 1339-50, 1352-66, 1418-19
(describing how meaning-based constraints embedded in U.S. constitutional
culture, along with the activism of countermovements, lead social movements to
couch their transformative constitutional claims in terms that officials can
enforce and the public can accept, ultimately reinforcing constitutional
legitimacy and the political community); see also Jack M. Balkin & Reva B.
Siegel, Principles, Practices, and Social Movements, 154 U. Penn. L. Rev. 927,
946 (2006) (arguing that social movements "connect legal norms to the beliefs
and practices of ordinary people ... . [which] secures the normative vitality of
the law, making it legitimate, efficacious, and practically enforceable").





n78.  See Post & Siegel, Legislative Constitutionalism, supra note 6 (arguing
that Congress's role in articulating constitutional rights helps sustain the
Constitution's democratic legitimacy); Post & Siegel, Protecting, supra note 6,
at 29-30 (critiquing the Court for suppressing the "independent constitutional
perspective of a democratically elected legislature" and describing the Court's
past dialogues with Congress regarding constitutional meaning).





n79.  For example, Reva Siegel writes that social movement struggles over
constitutional meaning help to "promote[] citizen attachment to the
Constitution" and "create[] community under conditions of ongoing conflict." See
Siegel, supra note 7, at 1328. For William Eskridge and John Ferejohn, dialogue
between the political branches concerning core normative commitments produces
republican deliberation, a process that is dynamic, purposive, normatively
grounded, open to a variety of inputs, and politically accountable. See Eskridge
& Ferejohn, supra note 6, at 14-16. Heather Gerken views federalism not as a
constraint, but as a resource for minorities insofar as it sometimes allows
minorities to shift the status quo at the local level, build an incremental case
for change, and prod national policy in the desired direction by triggering
broader dialogue, thus providing "the policymaking gears that are all but
essential for any movement to move forward." See Heather K. Gerken, Windsor's
Mad Genius: The Interlocking Gears of Rights and Structure, 95 B.U. L. Rev. 587,
594-600 (2015) [hereinafter Gerken, Windsor's]; see also Heather K. Gerken, The
Loyal Opposition, 123 Yale L.J. 1958, 1984-91 (2014); Heather K. Gerken,
Dissenting by Deciding, 57 Stan. L. Rev. 1745, 1750-51, 1754-59 (2005); Heather
K. Gerken, A New Progressive Federalism, Democracy (Spring 2012),
http://democracyjournal.org/magazine/24/a-new-progressive-federalism
[https://perma.cc/9D95-XNBT].





n80.  On these features, see infra notes 316-339 and accompanying text.





n81.  See infra notes 331-333 and accompanying text.





n82.  See Graber, supra note 48, at 36; see also Whittington, supra note 48, at
585-93 (discussing potential of judicial review to overcome barriers posed by
federalism, entrenched interests in the national government, and fractured or
cross-pressured coalitions).





n83.  See Corinna Barrett Lain, Upside-Down Judicial Review, 101 Geo. L.J. 113,
116 (2012) ("There are a number of forces that push democratic decision making
away from majoritarian outcomes, just as there are a number of forces that push
Supreme Court decision making the other way.").





n84.  As Reva Siegel notes in the case of those that struggled to ratify the
Equal Rights Amendment: "Americans mobilizing to defend the status quo can block
proponents of change and lead them to qualify and moderate their claims."
Siegel, supra note 7, at 1369. Gerken writes that "retrenchment happens at the
state and local levels just as advancement does." Gerken, Windsor's, supra note
79, at 600.





n85.  Perhaps drawn-out struggles are necessary to achieve the kind of social
support necessary for such important issues. As Bruce Ackerman has described, an
advocate of separated powers would "deny that a single electoral victory is
sufficient to vest plenary lawmaking authority in the victorious political
movement." Ackerman, supra note 31, at 644.





n86.  Robert Greene, Agriculture Department Creates Civil Rights Team, Charlotte
Observer, Dec. 13, 1996, at 8A; Bob Hohler, Black Farmers March in D.C., Bos.
Globe, Dec. 13, 1996, at A32.





n87.  Firestone, supra note 14; Michael A. Fletcher, Glickman Targets Small
Farmers for Help, Wash. Post, Dec. 18, 1997, at A25; Hohler, supra note 86, at
A32.





n88.  Regarding the investigations, see U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm Loan
Programs: Hearing Before the Subcomm. on Forestry, Res. Conservation, & Research
of the H. Comm. on Agric., 105th Cong. (1998); Civil Rights Legislation and
Other Issues: Hearing Before the H. Comm. on Agric., 105th Cong. (1997)
[hereinafter Civil Rights Legislation]; Treatment of Minority and Limited
Resource Producers by the U.S. Department of Agriculture: Hearing Before the
Subcomm. on Dep't Operations, Nutrition, and Foreign Agric. & Comm. on Agric.:
Comm. on Agric. H.R., 105th Cong. (1997) [hereinafter Treatment]; Civil Rights
Action Team, U.S. Dep't of Agric., Civil Rights at the United States Department
of Agriculture (1997); Office of Inspector Gen., U.S. Dep't of Agric., Minority
Participation in Farm Service Agency's Farm Loan Programs, Phase II (1997);
Office of Inspector Gen., U.S. Dep't of Agric., Report for the Secretary on
Civil Rights Issues, Phase I (1997). On the progress of litigation, see Pigford
v. Glickman, 182 F.R.D. 341, 351 (D.D.C. 1998) (certifying class).





n89.  See generally Civil Rights Action Team, supra note 88.





n90.  See, e.g., David Hosansky, Farm Subsidies: The Issues, 12 CQ Researcher
435, 436 (2002) ("[A] government check during hard times can mean the difference
between making money or giving up the farm.").





n91.  See R. Douglas Hurt, American Agriculture: A Brief History 333 (1994)
(noting FmHA's role as "lender of last resort when other lenders would not
extend loans to farmers").





n92.  On small farmers' plight, see Robert A. Hoppe et al., U.S. Dep't of
Agric., Small Farms in the United States: Persistence Under Pressure 27-28, 30
(2010); Michael J. Roberts & Nigel Key, Who Benefits From Government Farm
Payments?, Choices, 12 tbl.2 (2003).





n93.  See Civil Rights Action Team, supra note 88, at 6. For prior reports of
discrimination, see Decline of Minority Farming in the United States: Hearing
Before the H. Comm. on Gov't Operations, Gov't Info., Justice, and Agric.
Subcomm., 101st Cong. (1990) [hereinafter Decline of Minority Farming]; The
Minority Farmer: A Disappearing American Resource; Has the Farmers Home
Administration Been the Primary Catalyst?, H.R. Rep. No. 101-984 (1990)
[hereinafter The Minority Farmer]; Nancy Scheper, S. Rural Research Project, The
Extinction of the Black Farmer in Alabama (1968); U.S. Comm'n on Civil Rights,
The Decline of Black Farming in America (1982) [hereinafter USCCR, Decline];
U.S. Comm'n on Civil Rights, Equal Opportunity in Farm Programs: An Appraisal of
Services Rendered by Agencies of the United States Department of Agriculture
(1965) [hereinafter USCCR, Equal Opportunity].





n94.  Civil Rights Action Team, supra note 88, at 18-20.





n95.  Id. at 21.





n96.  See id.; USDA Civil Rights: Hearing Before the Comm. on Agric., Nutrition,
& Forestry, 106th Cong. 48-49 (2000) (statement of Alexander Pires) [hereinafter
USDA Civil Rights].





n97.  See Treatment, supra note 88, at 122-25 (statement of Rep. Waters);
Melanie Eversley, Labor of Love: Farmers Wage Struggle to Hold on to Their
Legacies, Detroit Free Press, Mar. 21, 1997, at 1A; Wil Haygood, Heartache in
the Family Fields, Bos. Globe, Feb. 8, 1998, at A1; Dewy Rose, Bias Against
Black Farmers: Loan Discrimination Starts Cycle of Failure, Atlanta J.-Const.,
June 14, 1998, at C7.





n98.  Civil Rights Action Team, supra note 88, at 2.





n99.  See Peter Scott, USDA Leader to Expedite Bias Suit, Atlanta J.-Const.,
July 20, 1998, at A4 ("Glickman publicly acknowledges his department has treated
black farmers differently as a matter of policy in granting farm loans and
foreclosures."); Hohler, supra note 86, at A32.





n100.  Civil Rights Action Team, supra note 88, at 2.





n101.  Peter Scott, Black Farmers: Betrayed, Atlanta J.-Const., June 14, 1998,
at A1.





n102.  A Harvest of Discrimination, Bos. Globe, Feb. 17, 1998, at A14.





n103.  Firestone, supra note 14; see also Pigford v. Glickman, 185 F.R.D. 82,
113 (D.D.C. 1999) (approving the consent decree).





n104.  Omnibus Consolidated and Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act, Pub.
L. No. 105-277, § 741, 112 Stat. 2681, 2681-30 to 2681-31 (Oct. 21, 1998)
(codified at 7 U.S.C. § 2279, Historical and Statutory Notes); Peter Scott,
Black Family Farms: Bias Claim Extension Approved in House, Atlanta J.-Const.,
June 25, 1998, at A11.





n105.  Pigford, 185 F.R.D. at 112.





n106.  Pigford v. Glickman, 127 F. Supp. 2d 35, 40 (D.D.C. 2001).





n107.  Pigford, 185 F.R.D. at 95. Because of problems with the Pigford I claim
process, however, many potentially eligible farmers had to seek relief in a
subsequent settlement; as a result, the final value of the relief provided in
Pigford I was slightly over $ 1 billion. See Monitor's Final Report on Good
Faith Implementation of the Consent Decree at 5 tbl.1, Pigford v. Vilsack, Nos.
97-1978, 98-1693 (D.D.C. April 1, 2012) (estimating the total value of relief
paid out, including cash, tax payments, and debt relief, at $ 1.06 billion). The
second settlement paid out slightly over $ 1 billion in relief to additional
black farmers. See supra note 12; Order, In re Black Farmers Discrimination
Litig., No. 08-MC-0511 (D.D.C. Aug. 23, 2013).





n108.  See supra note 12.





n109.  See generally Status of the Implementation of the Pigford v. Glickman
Settlement: Hearing Before the Subcomm. on the Const. of the H. Comm. on the
Judiciary, 108th Cong. (2004) [hereinafter Status]; Envtl. Working Grp.,
Obstruction of Justice: USDA Undermines Historic Civil Rights Settlement With
Black Farmers (2004); Steven A. Holmes, Black Farmers Are Divided on Settlement
Over Racism, N.Y. Times, Mar. 3, 1999, at A10; Patrik Jonsson, Why Are USDA
Officials off the Hook in Case of Bias Against Black Farmers?, Christian Sci.
Monitor (Dec. 8, 2010),
http://www.csmonitor.com/USA/2010/1208/Why-are-USDA-officials-off-the-hook-in-ca
se-of-bias-against-black-farmers [https://perma.cc/L8CJ-9NPD].





n110.  See, e.g., Peter Margulies, The New Class Action Jurisprudence and Public
Interest Law, 25 N.Y.U. Rev. L. & Soc. Change 487, 492-95 (1999) (discussing the
inevitable tradeoffs between subgroups of plaintiffs within class action
settlements).





n111.  Class members could choose between two claims processes. "Track A"
required an individual to show, under a "substantial evidence" standard, that he
farmed or attempted to farm during 1981-1996; that the USDA treated his
application for a farm loan in a manner "less favorable than that accorded
specifically identified, similarly situated white farmers;" and that he
complained of this treatment to the USDA within the Equal Credit Opportunity
Act's (ECOA) two year limitations period. Pigford, 185 F.R.D. at 96 Successful
Track A claimants received $ 50,000 in cash, loan forgiveness, and priority
consideration for certain USDA benefits. Id. at 97. "Track B" was for those who
believed they could prove lending discrimination by a preponderance of the
evidence; successful claimants in this track would receive full damages. See id.
at 96-97.





n112.  See infra notes 119-120 and accompanying text.





n113.  15 U.S.C.§§1691 et seq. (2012).





n114.  See 15 U.S.C. § 1691a(e), (f) (2012) (defining appropriate defendants to
include "government or governmental subdivision or agency" without
qualification); Moore v. U.S. Dep't of Agric., 55 F.3d 991, 994 (5th Cir. 1995)
(ruling that the ECOA waives the federal government's sovereign immunity).
Earlier suits against the USDA had failed due to the government's immunity to
other types of claims, and class counsel sought to avoid those limits. See
Benoit v. U.S. Dep't of Agric., 608 F.3d 17, 20 (D.C. Cir. 2010); Williams v.
Glickman, 936 F. Supp. 1, 2-3 (D.D.C. 1996); Status, supra note 109, at 199
(testimony of Alexander Pires) ("The Pigford case grew from the failures of the
Williams case ... .").





n115.  The ECOA's limitations period was extended to five years in 2010. See 15
U.S.C. § 1691e(f) (2012) hist. nn.





n116.  See Scott, supra note 99.





n117.  See Civil Rights Action Team, supra note 88, at 47; Pamela Stallsmith,
Ignored Since "83, Complaints Will Need New Investigations, Rich. Times
Dispatch, May 25, 1997, at A1 ("The [USDA] investigative team charged with
probing complaints [was] disassembled during the first term of Ronald Reagan's
presidency in 1983.").





n118.  See Seventh Amended Class Action Complaint at P 79, Pigford v. Glickman,
No. 97-1978 (D.D.C. Oct. 26, 1998), 1998 WL 35264385; see also Pigford v.
Glickman, 185 F.R.D. 82, 92 (D.D.C. 1999) (describing final class definition).





n119.  Several decades ago in Washington v. Davis, the Supreme Court held that
the Equal Protection Clause bars only intentional discrimination. 426 U.S. 229,
238-41 (1976). Antidiscrimination law since then has focused on identifying
bias-driven mistreatment of particular individuals, often through comparison.
For important critiques of this intentional discrimination model, see Ruth
Colker, Anti-Subordination Above All: Sex, Race, and Equal Protection, 61 N.Y.U.
L. Rev. 1003, 1008-15 (1986); Alan David Freeman, Legitimizing Racial
Discrimination Through Antidiscrimination Law: A Critical Review of Supreme
Court Doctrine, 62 Minn. L. Rev. 1049, 1052-56, 1102-18 (1978); Haney-Lopez,
supra note 3, at 1847-61; Angela P. Harris, Equality Trouble: Sameness and
Difference in Twentieth-Century Race Law, 88 Calif. L. Rev. 1923, 2002-14
(2000); Charles R. Lawrence III, The Id, the Ego, and Equal Protection:
Reckoning with Unconscious Racism, 39 Stan. L. Rev. 317, 324-27, 355-81 (1987);
Reva Siegel, Why Equal Protection No Longer Protects: The Evolving Forms of
Status-Enforcing State Action, 49 Stan. L. Rev. 1111, 1129-46 (1997).





n120.  See Status, supra note 109, at 210 (testimony of Randi Roth). The lead
plaintiffs' counsel in Pigford I saw this onerous requirement as inevitable:



   That was the most difficult part of the case for some people, how to find
someone in their community who was treated better than they were, who was white.
That was difficult. But, that is also a requirement of the law, this is after
all a lawsuit. No one is going to waive that part of it.

 Id. at 211 (testimony of Alexander Pires). The counsel was correct about the
law - federal courts increasingly require comparator evidence. See Suzanne B.
Goldberg, Discrimination by Comparison, 120 Yale L.J. 728, 750-51 (2011); Ernest
F. Lidge III, The Courts' Misuse of the Similarly Situated Concept in Employment
Discrimination Law, 67 Mo. L. Rev. 831, 839-49 (2002); Charles A. Sullivan, The
Phoenix From the Ash: Proving Discrimination by Comparators, 60 Ala. L. Rev.
191, 208, 214-22 (2009). But even Republican members of Congress were surprised
by this requirement and, after outcry, it was omitted from the later farmers'
settlements. See Status, supra note 109, at 219 (statement of Rep. Spencer
Bachus) (questioning the requirement); Carpenter, supra note 11, at 30
(describing later settlements).





n121.  See Status, supra note 109, at 205, 210 (testimony of Randi Roth); id. at
207 (testimony of Phillip Haynie); Envtl. Working Grp., supra note 109.





n122.  See discussion supra note 111.





n123.  Pigford v. Glickman, 185 F.R.D. 82, 108 (D.D.C. 1999) (quoting Willie
Head, objector to consent decree).





n124.  See Ken Morgan, Black Farmers Mull Over Government Settlement Offer,
Tri-St. Defender, Jan. 9-13, 1999, at 5A; President Calls Settlement Unfair,
Atlanta Daily World, Jan. 24-25, 1999, at 7; see also Peter Scott, 12 USDA
Workers Disciplined in Wake of Complaints, Atlanta J.-Const., Aug. 1, 1998, at
D2 (quoting the Secretary of Agriculture's assistant for civil rights: "It is
hard to do retroactive disciplining. This is as far as we can go officially.").
The class counsel, Alexander Pires, later testified to a House subcommittee that
the settlement's narrow scope was intentional: "[The settlement] was not about
injunctive relief. It was not about getting all kinds of requirements from USDA.
Congress does that all the time. You can do that better than a court ... . You
can require them through legislation to do what you want. It was about money."
See Status, supra note 109, at 200 (testimony of Alexander Pires).





n125.  Pigford, 185 F.R.D. at 111.





n126.  Compare Scott, supra note 101 (quoting Secretary Glickman's
acknowledgement of inequitable treatment), with Firestone, supra note 14 (citing
the official statement that the USDA would not admit to discrimination in the
settlement, but only to a flawed complaint process).





n127.  The USDA felt constrained by the legal model in part because the Justice
Department had advised it that no money could be paid to discrimination
claimants if judicial relief would be unavailable, as when the statute of
limitations had run. See Wil Haygood, Sense of Betrayal, Bos. Globe, Apr. 9,
1998, at A1. Congress focused on fixing procedural obstacles within the
preexisting judicial framework, as in its waiver of the statute of limitations.
See, e.g., USDA Civil Rights, supra note 96 (emphasizing ongoing flaws in the
discrimination complaint process).





n128.  Discussion at congressional hearings did not contemplate such options.
See, e.g., Status, supra note 109; USDA Civil Rights, supra note 96; Civil
Rights Legislation, supra note 88. Apparently on her own initiative, Rep. Maxine
Waters of California did apologize to a group of the farmers. "We Need Change,'
Black Farmers Say, Det. Free Press, Apr. 24, 1997, at 4A.





n129.  See Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002, Pub. L. No. 107-171,
§ 10704, 116 Stat. 134, 518 (2002) (codified at 7 U.S.C.§§6918, 7014(b))
(creating the position of Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, reporting
directly to the Secretary of Agriculture); Jackson Lewis LLP, USDA Civil Rights
Assessment: Final Report 149 (2011) (noting the removal of local committees from
loan determinations); 3 U.S. Comm'n on Civil Rights, Ten-Year Check-Up: Have
Federal Agencies Responded to Civil Rights Recommendations? 7-12 (2003) (listing
reorganizations of civil rights enforcement at USDA).





n130.  Sharon LaFraniere, Federal Spigot Flows as Farmers Claim Bias, N.Y.
Times, April 26, 2013, at A1; see also Pete Daniel, The NYT Ignores USDA
Discrimination, History News Network (May 6, 2013), http://hnn.us/article/151757
[http://perma.cc/Y83F-6EG8] (critiquing the New York Times article).





n131.  See Rosenberg, supra note 4, at 420-21.





n132.  On the backlash to the civil rights era, see generally Thomas Byrne
Edsall with Mary D. Edsall, Chain Reaction: The Impact of Race, Rights, and
Taxes on American Politics (1992). For one list of the Court's decisions
restricting minority rights, see Griffin, supra note 8, at 288-89. The rightward
shift reflected Republican presidents' success in filling federal judgeships. As
of 2011, Democratic appointees held only 37.3 percent of lower federal
judgeships. Sheldon Goldman et al., Obama's First Term Judiciary: Picking Judges
in the Minefield of Obstructionism, 97 Judicature 7, 23 (2013).





n133.  See, e.g., Lewis v. City of Chicago, 560 U.S. 205, 214-15 (2010) (noting
the unavailability of relief for civil rights violations outside of the
limitations period); City of Los Angeles v. Lyons, 461 U.S. 95, 105-06 (1983)
(ruling that to have standing for injunctive relief, the plaintiff must show
"real and immediate threat" that he or she will be subject to the same
constitutional violation again); Rizzo v. Goode, 423 U.S. 362, 377-81 (1976)
(describing the considerations weighing against mandatory injunctive relief
against state officials).





n134.  See, e.g., Rizzo, 423 U.S. at 378 ("Where, as here, the exercise of
authority by state officials is attacked, federal courts must be constantly
mindful of the special delicacy of the adjustment to be preserved between
federal equitable power and State administration of its own law.").





n135.  See August Meier, Negro Thought in America 1880-1915, at 11 (1968); see
also Booker T. Washington & W.E. Burghardt DuBois, The Negro in the South: His
Economic Progress in Relation to His Moral and Religious Development 98 (1907)
("Land owning ... was the ideal toward which the great mass of black people
looked."); Manning Marable, The Politics of Black Land Tenure: 1877-1915, 53
Agric. Hist. 142, 145 (1979) ("The development of a strong black land-base
became an ideological imperative of black thought by the 1890s.").





n136.  See Noralee Frankel, Break Those Chains at Last: African Americans
1860-1880, at 79 (1996); see also Dylan Penningroth, The Claims of Kinfolk:
African American Property and Community in the Nineteenth-Century South 158
(2003) (detailing claims to landownership that rested not only on the freed
slaves' unpaid labor during slavery, but the sale of their family members).





n137.  See Meier, supra note 135, at 11 ("First and foremost, ... the freedmen
wanted land.").





n138.  See Frederick Douglass, The Life and Times of Frederick Douglass 502
(Macmillan Publ'g Co. 1962) (1892).





n139.  Gunnar Myrdal, 1 An American Dilemma: The Negro Problem and Modern
Democracy 241 (Transaction Publishers, 1996) (1944) (quoting Arthur F. Raper,
Preface to Peasantry 121-22 (1936)).





n140.  See, e.g., William F. Holmes, Whitecapping: Agrarian Violence in
Mississippi, 1902-1906, 35 J.S. Hist. 165, 166 (1969) ("In Mississippi
whitecapping specifically meant ... driving Negroes off land they owned or
rented.").





n141.  U.S. Dep't of Comm., Fourteenth Census of the United States Taken in the
Year 1920, at 193 tbl.4 (1920),
http://www.agcensus.usda.gov/Publications/Historical_
Publications/1920/Farm_Statistics_By_Co lor_and_Tenure.pdf.





n142.  Id.





n143.  Loren Schweninger, A Vanishing Breed: Black Farm Owners in the South,
1651-1982, 63 Agric. Hist. 41, 53 (1989).





n144.  E.g., Hurt, supra note 91, at 332-333 (stating that most black farmers
were forced off the land due to technology, herbicides, and government programs
favoring landowners); Nicholas Lemann, The Promised Land: The Great Black
Migration and How It Changed America 3-6 (1991) (linking the black exodus from
the rural South to the invention of the cotton picker).





n145.  In 2012, over 95 percent of principal farm operators were white. U.S.
Dep't of Agric., U.S. Agricultural Census, 64 tbl.62 (2012),
http://www.agcensus.usda.gov/Publications/
2012/Full_Report/Volume_1,_Chapter&usco re;1_US/st99_1_062_062.pdf.





n146.  On the creation of each element, see William P. Browne, Benign Public
Policies, Malignant Consequences, and the Demise of African American
Agriculture, in African American Life in the Rural South, 1900-1950, at 129,
131-34 (R. Douglas Hurt ed., 2003).





n147.  347 U.S. 483 (1954).





n148.  Unfavorable doctrine and lack of a litigation support structure appear to
have prevented farmers from filing claims for equitable funding in the courts
during the "separate but equal" era, but they did direct advocacy at the
political branches; later eras saw petitions directed at all three branches. See
infra notes 186, 280 and accompanying text.





n149.  See infra Parts III.A, III.B, III.C, and III.D.





n150.  Morrill Act, 12 Stat. 503 (1859-1863) (codified as amended at 7 U.S.C. §
301); An Act to Establish a Department of Agriculture, 12 Stat. 387 (1859-1863)
(codified as amended at 7 U.S.C. §§2201 et seq.).





n151.  Hatch Act of 1887, 24 Stat. 440 (1885-1887) (codified as amended at 7
U.S.C. §§361a et seq.).





n152.  Smith-Lever Act, 38 Stat. 372 (1913-1915) (codified as amended at 7
U.S.C. §§341 et seq.).





n153.  Carolyn Dimitri et al., supra note 15, at 2.





n154.  R. Grant Seals, The Formation of Agricultural and Rural Development
Policy With Emphasis on African-Americans: II. The Hatch-George and Smith-Lever
Acts, 65 Agric. Hist. 12, 15 (1991) (italics removed from original).





n155.  See Alfred Avins, Black Studies, White Separation, and Reflected Light on
College Segregation and the Fourteenth Amendment From Early Land Grant College
Policies, 10 Washburn L.J. 181, 187-92, 198-205 (1971) (describing the debates).
Avins, a conservative opponent of civil rights, relied on congressional
acceptance of land grant segregation to argue against Brown v. Board of
Education's interpretation of the Equal Protection Clause. See id. at 211-13.





n156.  Id. at 191 (citing Cong. Globe, 41st Cong., 2d Sess. 1169, 2155 (1870)
(Sen. Schurz)).





n157.  See id. at 187-88, 192, 202. Under the first Morrill Act of 1862, states
"currently in rebellion" were not eligible for land grants. Kimberley S.
Johnson, Racial Orders, Congress, and the Agricultural Welfare State, 1865-1940,
25 Stud. Am. Pol. Dev. 143, 148 (2011).





n158.  See Avins, supra note 155, at 192-207. Some Reconstruction-era
Republicans argued that an integration mandate would both defeat Morrill's
legislation, and in any case was "not necessary" because "the distinction
between white and black has been abolished ... . in our Constitution, and [the]
Constitution is a part of every law." Cong. Globe, 42nd Cong., 3d Sess. 1705
(1873) (Sen. Frelinghuysen and Sen. Morrill).





n159.  Second Morrill Act, ch. 841, 26 Stat. 417 (1890).





n160.  Id. § 1 (codified as amended at 7 U.SC. § 323); see also Avins, supra
note 155, at 207-11 (discussing the debates over this provision).





n161.  163 U.S. 537, 550-51 (1896) (ruling that state law requiring "equal but
separate" railcars did not violate the Fourteenth Amendment); Gil Kujovich,
Equal Opportunity in Higher Education and the Black Public College: The Era of
Separate but Equal, 72 Minn. L. Rev. 29, 43 (1987).





n162.  V.O. Key, Jr., The Administration of Federal Grants to States 161-62
(1937). The Secretary wished states to divide the funds according to each race's
proportion of the population; South Carolina, which was 60 percent black at the
time, wished to divide it evenly (therefore allocating proportionally less to
its black population). See 23 Cong. Rec. 5200 (1892) (Rep. Culberson, Rep.
Taylor).





n163.  Key, supra note 162, at 162; see also Kujovich, supra note 161, at 46
n.63. For a graphic depiction of the minimal (and declining) share black land
grant institutions received of federal and state funds over time, see Johnson,
supra note 157, at 151 fig.1 & n.44.





n164.  23 Cong. Rec. 5202 (1892) (Rep. Storer, Rep. McMillin).





n165.  Smith-Lever Act of 1914, Pub. L. No. 63-95, 38 Stat. 372 (1913-1915)
(codified as amended at 7 U.S.C.§§341 et seq.).





n166.  Southerners chaired twelve out of fourteen U.S. Senate committees and
eleven out of the thirteen committees in the U.S. House of Representatives,
while accounting for half the Senate Democratic majority and 40 percent of the
House majority. Their strength was amplified by the Democratic administration of
Woodrow Wilson, which supported Southern segregationists. See Morton Sosna, The
South in the Saddle: Racial Politics During the Wilson Years, 54 Wis. Mag. Hist.
30, 35 (1970).





n167.  See id. at 42-43.





n168.  Carmen V. Harris, "The Extension Service Is Not an Integration Agency":
The Idea of Race in the Cooperative Extension Service, 82 Agric. Hist. 193,
197-98 (2008); Seals, supra note 154, at 25, 30-31, 33-34; Sosna, supra note
166, at 43-44.





n169.  Sosna, supra note 166, at 44.





n170.  Seals, supra note 154, at 29-30 (quoting 51 Cong. Rec. 2945, 3033, 3034,
3039 (1914) (statement of Sen. Clapp)).





n171.  Sosna, supra note 166, at 44 (quoting 51 Cong. Rec. 2945 (1914)
(statement of Sen. Smith)).





n172.  Id.; see also Harris, supra note 168, at 200-01.





n173.  The Jones Amendment was defeated 23-32 on an almost entirely party-line
vote, with only two Democratic senators (from Nebraska and Ohio) voting in its
favor. See 51 Cong. Rec. 3124 (1914).





n174.  See Kujovich, supra note 161, at 54; see also Earl W. Crosby, The
Struggle for Existence: The Institutionalization of the Black County Agent
System, 60 Agric. Hist. 123, 132-33 (1986).





n175.  See Howard R. Tolley, The Farmer Citizen at War 63 (1943) ("The focal
point of all [farm] programs ... remains the county agricultural agent,
representing Federal, state, and local governments in their cooperative aid to
farmers.").





n176.  Kujovich, supra note 161, at 55.





n177.  See Scheper, supra note 93, at 6-12.





n178.  E.g., Helping Our Farmers Help Themselves, Norfolk J. & Guide, Mar. 18,
1922, at 4 (criticizing the "woefully inadequate" number of black extension
agents and linking it to the need for increased funding of black land grant
education).





n179.  White Democratic South Keeps Our Farmers Down, Chi. Defender, Nov. 1,
1924, at 8.





n180.  Id.





n181.  Id.





n182.  Id.; see also George S. Schuyler, Views and Reviews, Pitt. Courier, Aug.
23, 1930, at 10 (asking African American voters to "urge their congressmen to
increase the number and pay of [black extension] agents").





n183.  White Democratic South Keeps Our Farmers Down, supra note 179, at 8.





n184.  Population Shift to City Increases Negro-White Industrial Competition,
N.Y. Amsterdam News, Oct. 22, 1930, at 3.





n185.  Federal funding supplied less than half the institutions' funds and white
institutions were funded at over 150 percent the level of the black institutions
on a per-student basis. John R. Wennersten, The Travail of Black Land-Grant
Schools in the South, 1890-1917, 65 Agric. Hist. 54, 61 (1991).





n186.  Members of Congress apparently believed that states were immune to any
such suits. See Avins, supra note 155, at 192. The chances of success would have
been slim in any case: Very few equalization cases were brought before the
1930s, even in the context of primary and secondary schools, and a litigation
support structure did not exist. See Gladys Tignor Peterson, The Present Status
of the Negro Separate School as Defined by Court Decisions, 4 J. Negro Educ.
351, 364-65 tbl.3, 368-71 (1935) (identifying twenty-eight cases challenging
unequal schools adjudicated in state courts of last resort since 1865 and
reporting a 32 percent success rate); Mark V. Tushnet, Thurgood Marshall as a
Lawyer: The Campaign Against School Segregation, 1945-1950, 40 Md. L. Rev. 411,
411-12 (1981) (noting that the National Association for the Advancement of
Colored People (NAACP) did not begin litigating equalization cases until the
1930s).





n187.  See supra notes 162-164 and accompanying text.





n188.  See Mary Summers, The New Deal Farm Programs: Looking for Reconstruction
in American Agriculture, 74 Agric. Hist. 241, 251 (2000).





n189.  Even at the highest reaches of the federal agricultural agencies, white
Southerners were often in control. Harvard Sitkoff, A New Deal for Blacks: The
Emergence of Civil Rights as a National Issue: The Depression Decade 33 (2008)
("No other department was as controlled by white supremacists both in the
bureaucracy and in Congress as was the Department of Agriculture."); see also
Roger Biles, The South and the New Deal 39, 44 (1994) (describing the Southern
role in New Deal agricultural programs and Southerners' power over congressional
agriculture committees).





n190.  Ira Katznelson et al., Limiting Liberalism: The Southern Veto in
Congress, 1933-1950, 108 Pol. Sci. Q. 283, 284-85 (1993).





n191.  Id.





n192.  See id. at 296; see also Sean Farhang & Ira Katznelson, The Southern
Imposition: Congress and Labor in the New Deal and Fair Deal, 19 Stud. Am. Pol.
Dev. 1, 1-2, 9 (2005).





n193.  Johnson, supra note 157, at 157.





n194.  In order to maintain the racial caste system, Southerners continually
sought local control of federal programs as the welfare state expanded
dramatically during the New Deal years. See Robert C. Lieberman, Shifting the
Color Line: Race and the American Welfare State 34-35, 51-55 (1998); Jill
Quadagno, The Color of Welfare: How Racism Undermined the War on Poverty 21-22
(1994); Forbath, supra note 6, at 203-05.





n195.  See, e.g., Dale Clark, The Farmer as Co-Administrator, 3 Pub. Opin. Q.
482, 482-86 (1939) (discussing democratic goals associated with incorporating
farmers into governance of farm programs generally, as well as the AAA's state
and county committee structures); Pete Daniel, African American Farmers and
Civil Rights, 73 J.S. Hist. 3, 5 (2007) (describing powers of the county
committees of the Farmers Home Administration, Agricultural Stabilization and
Conservation Service, and Extension Service); Civil Rights Action Team, supra
note 88, at 17-18 (describing more recent system for electing county committees
to oversee Farm Service Agency programs).





n196.  Jess Gilbert, Rural Sociology and Democratic Planning in the Third New
Deal, 82 Agric. Hist. 421, 424, 434 (2008).





n197.  Sitkoff, supra note 189, at 41.





n198.  See Editorial Comment: The National Conference on the Economic Crisis and
the Negro, 5 J. Negro Educ. 1 (1936) (volume dedicated to conference papers
critiquing New Deal relief policies' marginalization of African Americans); see
also Sitkoff, supra note 189, at 42 (describing attacks on New Deal
discrimination in the black press generally as well as at the 1936 conference).





n199.  E.g., John W. Davis, The Participation of Negro Land-Grant Colleges in
Permanent Federal Education Funds, 7 J. Negro Educ. 282 (1938); Doxey A.
Wilkerson, The Participation of Negroes in the Federally-Aided Program of
Agricultural and Home Economics Extension, 7 J. Negro Educ. 331 (1938).





n200.  See id. at 335-36; Tolley, supra note 175, at 63-65.





n201.  Wilkerson, supra note 199, at 335-36. In 1937, only 6 percent of
extension funds in sixteen Southern states went to work among black farmers -
only slightly over a quarter of their proportionate share. Id. at 337-38.





n202.  Foreman Tells Us to Fight for Our Rights, Pitt. Courier, Nov. 18, 1933,
at 1 (quoting Clark Foreman, advisor to Secretary of Interior Harold Ickes).





n203.  See Negro Farmers All-Out in Food for War Drive, Pitt. Courier, June 6,
1942, at 13.





n204.  Jeannie M. Whayne, Black Farmers and the Agricultural Cooperative
Extension Service: The Alabama Experience, 1945-1965, 72 Agric. Hist. 523,
532-33 & n.25 (1998).





n205.  Id. at 539.





n206.  Two Aides Named to Agriculture Chief: Patterson and Barnett Are Chosen,
Chi. Defender, Mar. 21, 1942, at 8.





n207.  See Joel Schor, The Black Presence in the U.S. Cooperative Extension
Service Since 1945: An American Quest for Service and Equity, 60 Agric. Hist.
137, 141 (1986); Debra A. Reid, African Americans and Land Loss in Texas:
Government Duplicity and Discrimination Based on Race and Class, 77 Agric. Hist.
258, 285 (2003).





n208.  See Schor, supra note 207, at 141 n.9; Over $ 2,000,000 Allotted for
Negro Extension Work, Atlanta Daily World, Jan. 22, 1947, at 2.





n209.  See Summers, supra note 188, at 248-49.





n210.  See USCCR, Decline, supra note 93, at 28-30; John P. Davis, A Survey of
the Problems of the Negro Under the New Deal, 5 J. Negro Educ. 3, 5 (1936).





n211.  See Biles, supra note 189, at 43, 55-56.





n212.  See USCCR, Decline, supra note 93, at 30; Ralph J. Bunche, A Critique of
New Deal Social Planning as It Affects Negroes, 5 J. Negro Educ. 59, 64 (1936).





n213.  Reid, supra note 207, at 276; see also Sitkoff, supra note 189, at 41
("Not a single black served on an AAA county committee throughout the South.").





n214.  See Biles, supra note 189, at 43-47; Marc Linder, Farm Workers and the
Fair Labor Standards Act: Racial Discrimination in the New Deal, 65 Tex. L. Rev.
1335, 1362-64 (1987).





n215.  See Sitkoff, supra note 189, at 41. An earlier agency with similar aims,
the Resettlement Administration, was shifted to the USDA, renamed the Farm
Security Administration, and expanded in scope.





n216.  See Kimberley Johnson, Reforming Jim Crow: Southern Politics and State in
the Age Before Brown 72-74 (2010); Sitkoff, supra note 189, at 55-56; Reid,
supra note 207, at 280-81. Alexander was a racial liberal who believed, based on
his research and activism in the South, that chronic poverty among Southern
farmers was due to "the trinity of cotton culture, farm tenancy, and race." See
Sidney Baldwin, Poverty and Politics: The Rise and Decline of the Farm Security
Administration 95-96, 127 (1968).





n217.  Biles, supra note 189, at 49.





n218.  On federal agricultural policy's bias toward large farmers, see USCCR,
Decline, supra note 93, at 52-53; Jess Gilbert & Carolyn Howe, Beyond "State vs.
Society": Theories of the State and New Deal Agricultural Policies, 56 Am. Soc.
Rev. 204, 208 (1991).





n219.  See Baldwin, supra note 216, at 337-94; Kenneth Finegold & Theda Skocpol,
State and Party in America's New Deal 147 (1995); Donald H. Grubbs, Cry From the
Cotton: The Southern Tenant Farmers' Union and the New Deal 159-60 (1971);
Summers, supra note 188, at 252; FSA Continuation Urged, 50 Crisis 150, 150
(1943); Now FSA Is Under Fire, Pitt. Courier, June 20, 1942, at 7; see also Race
to Lose if States Win Farm Policy Control, New J. & Guide, Mar. 8, 1941, at 4
(reporting that 1 percent of the American Farm Bureau membership was black and
black members were barred from meetings in the South).





n220.  Harry McAlpin, Silver Lining, Chi. Defender, Apr. 17, 1943, at 15.





n221.  Carmen V. Harris, States' Rights, Federal Bureaucrats, and Segregated 4-H
Camps in the United States, 1927-1969, 93 J. Afr. Am. Hist. 362, 368 (2008).





n222.  Agriculture Dept. Promises Aid to Land Grant Colleges, Chi. Defender,
Mar. 9, 1946, at 5.





n223.  See James S. Fisher, Negro Farm Ownership in the South, 63 Annals Ass'n
Am. Geographers 478, 482 tbl.1 (1973).





n224.  Lewis W. Jones, The Negro Farmer, 22 J. Negro Educ. 322, 327 (1953)
(stating that the number of farm owners rose by 270,000 during that period, but
only 11,000 of those were African Americans) (citing Arthur Raper, Southern
Agricultural Trends and Their Effect on Negro Farmers, in The Changing Status of
the Negro in Southern Agriculture 12, 25 (Lewis W. Jones ed., 1951)).





n225.  Id. at 330.





n226.  Id. at 331 ("The fact that the Negro farmer's participation on the local
committees of the several agricultural agencies has been negligible, in keeping
with the South's general political pattern, no doubt has been important in
determining his share in the benefits from the activities of the agencies.").





n227.  See supra notes 189-193 and accompanying text.





n228.  Valca Valentine, Black-Owned Farms in Md. Stabilizing, Wash. Post, Aug.
9, 1986, at A12.





n229.  Blacks Find Few Friends in Farming, Chi. Trib., May 14, 1989, at G14A.





n230.  Ga. State Advisory Comm., U.S. Comm'n on Civil Rights, Equal Opportunity
in Federally Assisted Agricultural Programs in Georgia 30 (1967); Scheper, supra
note 93, at 4-5.





n231.  Adam Nossiter, A Threat to Minority Aid Worries Black Farmers, N.Y. Times
(Nov. 28, 1995), http://www.nytimes.com/1995/11/28/us/a-threat-to-minority
-aid-worries-black- farmers.html?pagewanted=all&pagewanted=print
[http://perma.cc/UVM5-3MRW].





n232.  Green v. Cty. Sch. Bd., 391 U.S. 430, 438 (1968).





n233.  347 U.S. 497, 500 (1954) (ruling that federally imposed segregation in
public schools violates the Fifth Amendment's due process guarantee); see also
Richard A. Primus, Bolling Alone, 104 Colum. L. Rev. 975, 1013 (2004) ("Bolling
was sufficient cause for the federal bureaucracy to reevaluate and change any
affected policies, even if it was not quite tantamount to a full incorporation
of equal protection.").





n234.  See Doug McAdam, Political Process and the Development of Black
Insurgency, 1930-1970, at 114-15 (1982) (connecting NAACP growth to
urbanization); M. John Bundy & Allen D. Evans, Comment, Racial Discrimination in
USDA Programs in the South: A Problem in Assuring the Integrity of the Welfare
State, 45 Wash. L. Rev. 727, 772-82 (1970) (proposing litigation).





n235.  See infra notes 238-241 and accompanying text.





n236.  See infra notes 251-256 and accompanying text.





n237.  See infra note 276 and accompanying text. In a telling incident, Earl
Butz, the Secretary of Agriculture who served from 1971 to 1976 under Presidents
Nixon and Ford, was forced to resign amidst the presidential campaign of 1976
after making highly offensive comments regarding African Americans. See William
Robbins, Butz Quits Under Fire Amid Rising Protests About Racist Remark, N.Y.
Times, Oct. 5, 1976, at 1. Ford called accepting the resignation "one of the
saddest decisions of my presidency." Id. The USDA of that time was known as an
agency that "scarcely ever had blacks in high level posts." Bill Drummond, Broad
Spectrum of Jobs: Carter Opens New Doors to Top Black Appointees, L.A. Times,
Dec. 12, 1977, at A1.





n238.  See Harris, supra note 168, at 207-10.





n239.  Ethel L. Payne, Agricultural Department Lags in Integration, Negro
Appointments, Chi. Defender, Feb. 26, 1955, at 12.





n240.  Id.





n241.  See Harris, supra note 168, at 210-12 (describing the ongoing segregation
in USDA programs in the 1960s); Harris, supra note 221, at 381-83 (same with
respect to 4-H camps).





n242.  See CORE Urges Thorough Probe by U.S. of Miss. "Freeze,' Chi. Daily
Defender, Dec. 13, 1962, at 3; Mississippi Affidavits Filed With White House,
Atlanta Daily World, Jan. 25, 1955, at 1; N.Y. Doctors Aid Tent City in
Tennessee, N.Y. Amsterdam News, Feb. 18, 1961, at 11; Plan Afoot in Dixie to
Drive Negroes off Land, Pitt. Courier, Dec. 23, 1961, at 5; Porters Add $ 10,000
to Freeze Fund, Chi. Defender, Feb. 5, 1955, at 1; Tennessee Emergency Easing
NAACP Branch Director Declares, Chi. Daily Defender, Aug. 23, 1961, at 5. In
Panola, Alabama, African American tenant farmers were evicted after claiming a
share of federal crop subsidy ("allotment") checks. NAACP Urges U.S. to Halt
Farmers' Evictions, 74 Crisis 105, 105-07 (1967); see also Sheila Maroney,
Aiding the Rural Poor, 75 Crisis 152, 152 (1968). The retaliation was part of a
more general pattern of Southern officials using their power over various
federal-state cooperative programs to retaliate against civil rights activists.
See James C. Cobb, "Somebody Done Nailed Us on the Cross": Federal Farm and
Welfare Policy and the Civil Rights Movement in the Mississippi Delta, 77 J. Am.
Hist. 912, 922-25 (1990).





n243.  See sources cited supra note 242.





n244.  See USCCR, Equal Opportunity, supra note 93.





n245.  Id. at 100.





n246.  Id.





n247.  See id.





n248.  Id. at 101; see also id. at 100 ("[Discrimination] has meant a different
kind of service to the two races, with Negro farmers receiving for the most part
subsistence loans with limited supervision, while white farmers received
supervised loans for capital expenditures.").





n249.  Id. at 101-02.





n250.  Id. at 102.





n251.  See William M. Blair, Race Bias Found in Southern Units of Farm Program,
N.Y. Times, Mar. 1, 1965, at 1.





n252.  William C. Payne, Jr., Implementing Federal Nondiscrimination Policies in
the Department of Agriculture, 1964-1976, 6 Pol'y Stud. J. 507, 507 (1978).





n253.  See Daniel, supra note 195, at 6-7.





n254.  Id.





n255.  See Ga. State Advisory Comm., supra note 230, at 31; Payne, supra note
252, at 507; Agriculture Acts on Race Inequity, Wash. Post, June 1, 1965, at A4;
William M. Blair, U.S. Farm Posts Go to Negroes in South, N.Y. Times, Apr. 3,
1965, at 1; John Herbers, Negro Employment Up in Agriculture Department, N.Y.
Times, June 28, 1965, at 12.





n256.  Agriculture's Negro Hiring Increased 41% During "65, Chi. Daily Defender,
Feb. 5-11, 1966, at 27. Afterward, African Americans still represented only 4.5
percent of USDA employees. Id.





n257.  See Marquis Childs, The Sad State of South's Unionism, Wash. Post, Apr.
2, 1965, at A20.





n258.  See Cobb, supra note 242, at 923; Daniel, supra note 195, at 9; see also
Summers, supra note 188, at 253-55 (discussing Representative Jamie Whitten).





n259.  Daniel, supra note 195, at 9.





n260.  U.S. Comm'n on Civil Rights, Federal Civil Rights Enforcement Effort
754-55, 755 & n.461 (1970) [hereinafter USCCR, Federal] (describing Justice
Department "efforts to prod ... the Agriculture Department" regarding findings
of discrimination, but noting that "despite discussions at the highest level,
Agriculture took little remedial action").





n261.  Daniel, supra note 195, at 13; see also USCCR, Federal, supra note 260,
at 48-49 (reporting that the USDA's Inspector General found persistent
segregation and discrimination in the extension service as of 1969); Reid, supra
note 207, at 288 (stating that most Southern states did not integrate state
extension headquarters until 1972).





n262.  See Daniel, supra note 195, at 11, 13.





n263.  Valerie Grim, Black Participation in the Farmers Home Administration and
Agricultural Stabilization and Conservation Service, 1964-1990, 70 Agric. Hist.
321, 332 (1996); see also Henderson v. ASCS, 317 F. Supp. 430, 433-36 (M.D. Ala.
1970) (describing and invalidating committee members' practice of intentionally
diluting black vote in ASCS elections in Macon County, Alabama).





n264.  See Daniel, supra note 195, at 10.





n265.  See id. at 7 (citing unpublished 1968 USCCR study).





n266.  Id. at 7-8.





n267.  See id. at 8.





n268.  See Wade v. Miss. Coop. Extension Serv., 372 F. Supp. 126, 132-33, 140
(N.D. Miss. 1974), rev'd in part on other grounds, 528 F.2d 508 (5th Cir. 1976);
Strain v. Philpott, 331 F. Supp. 836, 841 (M.D. Ala. 1971); Reid, supra note
207, at 286; see also Ga. State Advisory Comm., supra note 230, at 5-7 (noting
that in Georgia, after the formal merger of the two segregated state extension
service offices, blacks were not given the same titles or paid equally with
whites in the same positions, even in cases when they had more experience or
more advanced degrees than their white counterparts).





n269.  See Bazemore v. Friday, 478 U.S. 385, 394-95, 401-03 (1986) (per curiam)
(Brennan, J., concurring); Ga. State Advisory Comm., supra note 230, at 7,
10-13.





n270.  See Wade, 372 F. Supp. at 135-36.





n271.  Id.





n272.  See id. at 133, 138; Strain, 331 F. Supp. at 842.





n273.  See Wade, 372 F. Supp. at 134; Strain, 331 F. Supp. at 843; Ga. State
Advisory Comm., supra note 230, at 17; Daniel, supra note 195, at 13, 27.





n274.  Ga. State Advisory Comm., supra note 230, at 19-25; Daniel, supra note
195, at 27-28.





n275.  See Reconsideration of Prior Op. Concerning Land-Grant Colls., 17 Op.
O.L.C. 184, 187-88 (1993).





n276.  See NAACP 64th Annual Convention Resolutions, 81 Crisis 1, 4 (1974)
(condemning the Farmers Home Administration's (FmHA) civil rights record); Frank
Mankiewicz & Tom Braden, Nixon Administration's Hostility to Racial Progress Is
Apparent, Wash. Post, Apr. 14, 1970, at A17 (describing the extension service as
having "one of the least defensible civil rights records of any department of
government").





n277.  Payne, supra note 252, at 509.





n278.  Id.





n279.  Id.





n280.  For suits seeking to integrate the extension services, see Wade v. Miss.
Coop. Extension Serv., 528 F.2d 508 (5th Cir. 1976); Poole v. Williams, 7 Fair
Empl. Prac. Cas. (BNA) 102 (S.D. Tex. 1974); Strain v. Philpott, 331 F. Supp.
836 (M.D. Ala. 1971); see also Bazemore v. Friday, 478 U.S. 385 (1986) (per
curiam) (ruling on a 1971 suit alleging discrimination and segregation in North
Carolina's extension service).





n281.  478 U.S. 385.





n282.  505 U.S. 717 (1992).





n283.  Id.; Bazemore, 478 U.S. 385.





n284.  See Bazemore, 478 U.S. at 386-87.





n285.  Five Justices accepted the Reagan Justice Department's argument that the
state had no affirmative duty to desegregate the 4-H and homemakers' clubs that
it had once expressly segregated. Id. at 407 (White, J., concurring).





n286.  See Fordice, 505 U.S. at 742-43.





n287.  The Fordice Court reaffirmed Bazemore's emphasis on individual choice as
the test for whether further desegregation was required. Id. (stating that state
duty was to ensure that "the free choice of prospective students ... is truly
free").





n288.  In the higher education context, however, the state had to justify any
policy rooted in the segregation era that continued to result in segregative
effects. Id. at 729-33.





n289.  USCCR, Decline, supra note 93, at 2.





n290.  Schweninger, supra note 143, at 52-53.





n291.  E.g., Robert S. Browne, Black Econ. Research Ctr., Only Six Million
Acres: The Decline of Black Owned Land in the Rural South (1973); The Black
Rural Landowner - Endangered Species (Leo McGee & Robert Boone eds., 1979).





n292.  See Reconsideration of Prior Op. Concerning Land Grant Colls., 17 Op.
O.L.C. 184, 189-92 (1993); USCCR, Decline, supra note 93, at 54-55, 78-79; B.D.
Mayberry, A Century of Agriculture in the 1890 Land-Grant Institutions and
Tuskegee University - 1890-1990, at 107, 129-30, 138, 155 (1991); Reid, supra
note 207, at 290.





n293.  See Pers. Adm'r of Mass. v. Feeney, 442 U.S. 256, 279 (1979) (ruling that
"discriminatory purpose" in the equal protection context requires proof of
animus); Washington v. Davis, 426 U.S. 229, 238-41 (1976) (ruling that an equal
protection violation requires proof of discriminatory purpose); see also
Haney-Lopez, supra note 3, at 1785-86, 1833-37 (arguing that Feeney, not Davis,
marked the turning point in the equal protection emphasis on racial malice).





n294.  Agency regulations implementing Title VI of the Civil Rights Act included
discrimination complaint handling procedures. USCCR, Federal, supra note 260, at
702-05; see also Nondiscrimination in Federally-Assisted Programs of the
Department of Agriculture, 29 Fed. Reg. 16,274 (Dec. 4, 1964) (to be codified at
7 C.F.R. pt. 15) (adopting final USDA Title VI regulation). Federal courts had
long required plaintiffs to exhaust administrative remedies, with exceptions
when the remedy was inadequate or pursuit of it futile. See Myers v. Bethlehem
Shipbuilding Corp., 303 U.S. 41, 50-51 (1938). Courts at the time were divided
as to whether civil rights claims fell within an exception to the requirement.
See Recent Developments, 17 Vill. L. Rev. 336, 338-41 (1971); see also Penn v.
Schlesinger, 497 F.2d 970, 971 (5th Cir. 1974) (en banc) (per curiam)
(dismissing an Alabama employment discrimination suit against seventeen federal
agencies, including the USDA, for failure to exhaust administrative remedies).





n295.  See USCCR, Decline, supra note 93, at 85-86; see also Blacks Are Losing
Farms at an "Alarming Rate,' 89 Crisis 39, 40 (1982) (noting the filing of
systematic lending discrimination charges by four black North Carolina farmers
in 1981).





n296.  USCCR, Decline, supra note 93, at 90-91.





n297.  Keith Schneider, Hope for Black Farmers in New Rules, N.Y. Times, Mar. 9,
1988, at A14.





n298.  See USCCR, Decline, supra note 93, at 88-89, 89 n.52.





n299.  On opposition from President Reagan's administration to civil rights
enforcement, see Ian Haney-Lopez, Dog Whistle Politics: How Coded Racial Appeals
Have Reinvented Racism and Wrecked the Middle Class 69-71 (2014); Sean Wilentz,
The Age of Reagan: A History, 1974-2008, at 180-84 (2008).





n300.  See Ward Sinclair, USDA, Block Scored for Stance on Rights, Wash. Post,
Apr. 7, 1983, at A8; Juan Williams & Ward Sinclair, Agriculture's Minority
Affairs Chief Would Purge Rights Rule, Wash. Post, Feb. 17, 1983, at A22.





n301.  See Controversial Aide Fired at Agriculture, Wash. Post, Feb. 23, 1983,
at A13; Ward Sinclair, USDA Is Criticized on Rights Failures, Wash. Post, Sept.
27, 1984, at A12; Sinclair, supra note 300, at A8. In 1989, the head of civil
rights at the USDA stated that the FmHA "is frequently in noncompliance with
civil rights requirements at the local level." The Minority Farmer, supra note
93, at 35. In 1997, the new head of civil rights "said his office recently
discovered that no probes had taken place since the office's investigative arm
was disbanded 14 years ago during the Reagan administration." Stallsmith, supra
note 117, at A1. The USDA's inspector general found "the complaints system ...
in total disarray" in 1997, with "little progress" by 2000. USDA Civil Rights,
supra note 96, at 6-7 (statement of Richard Viadero).





n302.  The Secretary was Rep. Mike Espy of Mississippi, "the most tireless
advocate of the minority farmer in the House." Decline of Minority Farming,
supra note 93, at 5 (remarks of Rep. Wise); Black Farm Aid Is Less, Newsday
(N.Y.), Feb. 8, 1993, at 12; Sam Fulwood III, Black Farmers Reap a Harvest of
Anger, L.A. Times (June 28, 1998), http://articles.latimes.com/1998/
jun/28/news/mn-64524 [http://perma.cc/3TNX-WN4E ].





n303.  See Browne, supra note 146, at 143-45.





n304.  See supra notes 93-97 and accompanying text.





n305.  See discussion supra note 107; Preliminary Final Accounting - Corrected,
August 15, 2013, In re Black Farmers Discrimination Litigation, No. 08-MC-511
(D.D.C. 2013), https://
www.blackfarmercase.com/Documents/Preliminary%20Final%20Acco
unting%20Report.pdf.





n306.  See Peter Flaherty, New Era of Reparations Looms for U.S., Balt. Sun
(Aug. 5, 2001),
http://articles.baltimoresun.com/2001-08-05/topic/0108040177_1_reparations-slave
ry- african-americans [http://perma.cc/X2KK-SNYE].





n307.  E.g., LaFraniere, supra note 130, at A1; Daniel Foster, Pigford's
Harvest: How an Honorable Farmer's Quest for Justice Launched an Epic Fraud,
Nat'l Rev. (Feb. 21, 2011), https://www.
nationalreview.com/nrd/articles/309348/pigfords-harvest
[https://perma.cc/FAN3-L9XC].





n308.  See Patrik Jonsson, Obama to Sign Bill Awarding Payments to Black
Farmers: Justice or "Fraud'?, Christian Sci. Monitor (Dec. 8, 2010),
http://www.csmonitor.com/USA/2010/1208/
Obama-to-sign-bill-awarding-payments-to-black-farmers-justice-or-fraud
[https://perma.cc/AR4G-KYKR]; Jonsson, supra note 109.





n309.  U.S. Dep't of Agric., 2012 Census of Agriculture: Race/Ethnicity/Gender
Profile (2014), http://www.agcensus.usda.gov/Publications/2012/Online&u
score;Resources/Race, _Ethnicity_and_Gender_Profiles/ cpd99000.pdf.





n310.  USCCR, Equal Opportunity, supra note 93, at 42 ("The State would not
place a Negro in a county if there were strong sentiment against it.").





n311.  See Katznelson, supra note 17, at 18-23 (describing Southerners' shaping
of New Deal social legislation so that it collectively "constituted a program of
affirmative action granting white Americans privileged access to state-sponsored
economic mobility"). For other histories tracing the deliberate exclusion of
racial minorities from distributive social programs, see Desmond King, Separate
and Unequal: African Americans and the US Federal Government 172-202 (rev. ed.
2007); Lieberman, supra note 194, at 23-66; Quadagno, supra note 194, at 20-24.





n312.  E.g., Griffin, supra note 8, at 282, 289-91 (describing "discontinuities"
that converted the post-1960s United States into a "democracy of rights").





n313. . See id. at 292 (arguing that "the new interest of the political branches
in protecting rights" represents a permanent shift following the civil rights
revolution).





n314.  See Levinson, supra note 34, at 171 (noting that the Constitution's
structural provisions indelibly shape political processes and outcomes).





n315.  See discussion and sources cited supra notes 28-29.





n316.  On the barriers to congressional action on civil rights, see Catherine
Fisk & Erwin Chemerinsky, The Filibuster, 49 Stan. L. Rev. 181, 199 (1997)
(listing Senate filibusters that killed anti-lynching legislation, poll tax
bans, and civil rights statutes between 1922 and 1975); Daniel B. Rodriguez &
Barry R. Weingast, The Positive Political Theory of Legislative History: New
Perspectives on the 1964 Civil Rights Act and Its Interpretation, 151 U. Pa. L.
Rev. 1417, 1453-54 (2003) (describing institutional barriers, including each
chamber's judiciary committee - known as "graveyards of civil rights
legislation"). On the role of local power in maintaining racial inequality in
national welfare state programs, see discussion and sources cited supra note
194.





n317.  See Sitkoff, supra note 189, at 34-36 (describing the power of Southern
congressmen in the New Deal); Johnson, supra note 157, at 151, 155 (describing
Southern Democrats' power in the pre-New Deal era); Sosna, supra note 166, at
35-36 (describing Southern congressmen's power during President Wilson's
administration).





n318.  See Richard M. Valelly, The Two Reconstructions: The Struggle for Black
Enfranchisement 121-48 (2004) (describing the post-Reconstruction
disenfranchisement of African Americans); Cover, supra note 1, at 1302-03
(describing the "private terror, public discrimination, and political exclusion,
directed against Blacks for a century" in the South). African Americans were a
majority in some Southern jurisdictions; disenfranchisement thus deprived them
of governing power that should rightfully have been theirs. Gabriel J. Chin &
Randy Wagner, The Tyranny of the Minority: Jim Crow and the Counter-Majoritarian
Difficulty, 43 Harv. C.R.-C.L. L. Rev. 65, 66-68 (2008).





n319.  See McNollgast, supra note 27, at 16 ("In the United States, more so than
in most other democracies, majority rule is tempered by granting minorities both
limited veto power over changes in existing policy and, often, control over
proposals to change existing policy.").





n320.  See id. at 18-19 (describing these institutional features).





n321.  See, e.g., Levinson & Pildes, supra note 27, at 2332-33 (describing how
the split within the Democratic Party over race forced the New Deal legislation
"to minimize benefits to African Americans in order to hold the party together"
while later Democratic administrations had to seek Republican support to achieve
progress on racial issues).





n322.  See, e.g., Quadagno, supra note 194, at 21 ("Although Roosevelt's
electoral victory did not hinge on southern support, he needed southern
Congressmen to move his programs past the key House and Senate Committees.").





n323.  Cf. Kate Andrias, The President's Enforcement Power, 88 N.Y.U. L. Rev.
1031, 1069 (2013) ("Presidential attention to agency enforcement efforts has
been comparatively informal, episodic, and opaque.").





n324.  See Harry N. Scheiber, Law and American Agricultural Development, 52
Agric. Hist. 439, 447-448 (1978) (explaining that "Cooperative Federalism[] was
in no respect more vividly exemplified than in agriculture-related programs").





n325.  See Rosenberg, supra note 4, at 425-26; Klarman, Brown and Lawrence,
supra note 56, at 473.





n326.  See Richard B. Stewart, Federalism and Rights, 19 Ga. L. Rev. 917, 917-18
(1985) (describing the recurring public backlash against excessive federal
power).





n327.  See John R. Hibbing, How to Make Congress Popular, 27 Legis. Stud. Q.
219, 237 (2002).





n328.  See, e.g., Levinson, supra note 34, at 82-83 (listing presidents who
failed to win a national majority or won a lower percentage of the popular vote
than their opponents).





n329.  E.g., Thomas O. McGarity, The Expanded Debate over the Future of the
Regulatory State, 63 U. Chi. L. Rev. 1463, 1508 (1996) (citing "the perception
that regulatory agencies are composed of arrogant bureaucrats more concerned
about their own turf and petty prerogatives than about the public interest").





n330.  See FHA Official Chased out of Louisiana Town, J. & Guide, Dec. 20, 1947,
at A2 (noting the threats to a black agricultural official, forcing him to leave
town, and the 1943 slaying of a Farm Security employee in the same area);
Shelton Clark, Masked Men Flog Friend of Moton, Chi. Defender, Dec. 30, 1922, at
1 (reporting the beating of a black extension agent).





n331.  The Federalist No. 48, at 245 (James Madison) (Lawrence Goldman ed.,
2008).





n332.  The Federalist No. 51, at 258 (James Madison) (Lawrence Goldman ed.,
2008).





n333.  Id. at 256. This was particularly evident in the design of Congress, with
its staggered six-year elections for senators (originally by state legislatures)
and its two-year universal elections for representatives (by districts within
states). The goal was "to divide the legislature into different branches; and to
render them, by different modes of election and different principles of action,
as little connected with each other as the nature of their common functions and
their common dependence on the society will admit." Id. at 257.





n334.  See, e.g., Standing Rules of the Senate, R. XXII, S. Doc. No. 110-9, at
16 (2007) (requiring sixty votes to end debate); McNollgast, supra note 27, at 7
("The rules of Congress permit the chair of a subcommittee that has jurisdiction
over a legislative proposal unilaterally to decide not to allow it to be
considered ... .").





n335.  See Levinson & Pildes, supra note 27, at 2320-23 (describing the rise of
parties).





n336.  See, e.g., David B. Spence, Administrative Law and Agency Policy-Making:
Rethinking the Positive Theory of Political Control, 14 Yale J. on Reg. 407,
432-33 (1997) (noting that information asymmetries and the "sheer volume of
federal agency policy-making" overwhelm modern presidential and congressional
oversight).





n337.  See Harry N. Scheiber, Redesigning the Architecture of Federalism: An
American Tradition: Modern Devolution Policies in Perspective, 14 Yale L. &
Pol'y Rev. 227, 263 (1996) (describing cooperative federalism as "a system in
which extensive sharing of policy authority and administrative responsibilities
[between the national government and the states] was the rule").





n338.  See Calabresi, supra note 32, at 275 ("Government will only be able to
act to deprive someone of life, liberty or property when all three branches
concur that the contemplated action is constitutional.").





n339.  Cf. Levinson, supra note 34, at 36 (noting that the cost of guarding
against "bad legislation" is preventing "good legislation").





n340.  See Sturm, supra note 38, at 1378-1409 (reviewing the critiques of the
judicial role in institutional reform suits).





n341.  Rosenberg, supra note 4, at 15-17 (listing courts' deficits in these
areas).





n342.  See Jeffrey L. Pressman & Aaron Wildavsky, Implementation: How Great
Expectations in Washington Are Dashed in Oakland xxi (3d ed. 1984)
("Implementation, under the best of circumstances, is exceedingly difficult.").





n343.  E.g., Rosenberg, supra note 4, at 49-54; Klarman, How Brown, supra note
56, at 84-85; Waldron, supra note 67, at 1405.





n344.  See, e.g., Robert Pear, U.S. Alters Policy on Desegregation, N.Y. Times,
Nov. 20, 1981, at A14 (quoting the head of the U.S. Department of Justice's
civil rights division under Reagan: "We are not going to compel children who
don't choose to have an integrated education to have one.").





n345.  Many have observed that the judiciary most recently has shaped equal
protection law to reflect its own distinctive capacity for addressing
individual, tort-like wrongs. See, e.g., Freeman, supra note 119, at 1052-57.





n346.  Matthew E.K. Hall, The Nature of Supreme Court Power 15-18 (2011). Other
scholars have reasoned similarly. See, e.g., Erwin Chemerinsky, Can Courts Make
a Difference?, in Redefining Equality 191 (Neal Devins & Davison M. Douglas
eds., 1998) (identifying the typology of judicial decisions based on their mode
of enforcement and the corresponding likelihood of changing government conduct).





n347.  Hall acknowledges, but does not pursue, this point. See Hall, supra note
346, at 15-16.





n348.  When Congress, for example, legislates a new statutory right, it remains
dependent on the courts to interpret and apply that right, and on either the
executive branch or the public to enforce it. See Sean Farhang, The Litigation
State: Public Regulation and Private Lawsuits in the U.S. 31-54 (2010). Of
course, there may exist certain "zones of autonomy" within each branch - for
example, the President's powers to pardon those convicted of federal crimes and
to veto legislation - but these are fairly limited powers, and ones that cannot
be totally cabined off from political pressures by other branches in practice.
Cf. Scott E. Gant, Judicial Supremacy and Nonjudicial Interpretation of the
Constitution, 24 Hastings Const. L.Q. 359, 382 (1996).





n349.  For example, Congress has attempted to address judicial underenforcement
of the Constitution through its power to enact legislation enforcing the
Fourteenth Amendment, but it has encountered strong resistance from the Supreme
Court. In City of Boerne v. Flores, the Court explained that Congress "has been
given the power "to enforce [the Fourteenth Amendment],' not the power to
determine what constitutes a constitutional violation." 521 U.S. 507, 519
(1997). The Court alone has the latter power. In subsequent years, the Court has
frequently relied on this doctrine to strike down federal statutory provisions
protecting vulnerable groups, on the premise that the provisions fail to
evidence "a congruence and proportionality between the [Fourteenth Amendment]
injury to be prevented or remedied and the means adopted to that end." Id. at
520; see Coleman v. Court of Appeals of Md., 132 S. Ct. 1327, 1333-35 (2012);
Bd. of Trustees of the Univ. of Ala. v. Garrett, 531 U.S. 356, 368-74 (2001);
United States v. Morrison, 529 U.S. 598, 619-26 (2000); Kimel v. Fla. Bd. of
Regents, 528 U.S. 62, 83-91 (2000).





n350.  See sources cited supra note 34.





n351.  E.g., Dahl, supra note 34, at 16-17; Levinson, supra note 34, at 21-22;
Sabato, supra note 34, at 2-3, 225-28.





n352.  Cf. Griffin, supra note 8, at 291 (arguing that "the constitutional logic
of separated and divided power" serves minorities, because they can resort to
multiple government actors for protection).





n353.  Cf. Harry N. Scheiber, American Federalism and the Diffusion of Power:
Historical and Contemporary Perspectives, 9 U. Tol. L. Rev. 619, 635-36, 643-44
(1977) (noting historical evidence against the idea that federalism protects
civil rights and liberties).





n354.  See Frederic Bloom & Nelson Tebbe, Countersupermajoritarianism, 113 Mich.
L. Rev. 809, 817 (2015) ("In a supermajoritarian regime, those who benefit in
the status quo will be more likely to benefit in the future ... . Those who
suffer now, in turn, will be more likely to suffer in the future."); Melissa
Schwartzberg, Should Progressive Constitutionalism Embrace Popular
Constitutionalism, 72 Ohio St. L.J. 1295, 1313 (2011) (noting that formal
supermajority rules "enable not only vulnerable, but powerful, minorities to
block change" thus allowing "wealthy minorities to thwart efforts at
redistributive economic and social policies").





n355.  See discussion and sources cited supra notes 28-29.





n356.  See Obergefell v. Hodges, 135 S. Ct. 2584, 2604-05 (2015) (ruling that
same-sex couples may not be deprived of the fundamental right to marry); United
States v. Windsor, 133 S. Ct. 2675, 2695-96 (2013) (invalidating federal Defense
of Marriage Act insofar as it barred federal recognition of lawful same-sex
marriages). Heather Gerken has argued that federalism served the marriage
equality movement well by allowing progressive change to be implemented locally,
eventually pulling the nation in the desired direction through the power of
concrete example and the deliberation it triggered. See Gerken, Windsor's, supra
note 79, at 595-98.





n357.  The current version of federal antidiscrimination legislation, the
Employment Non-Discrimination Act (ENDA), has been introduced in every session
of Congress since 1994; it finally passed the Senate for the first time in 2013,
only to be blocked in the House of Representatives when then-Speaker John
Boehner announced that he would not allow a floor vote. Alex Reed, Abandoning
ENDA, 51 Harv. J. Legis. 277, 278-79 (2014). A majority of American support such
legislation. See Maggie Haberman, Poll: Anti-discrimination Law Support (Sep.
30, 2013, 5:05 AM EDT),
http://www.politico.com/story/2013/09/poll-big-support-for-anti-discrimination-l
aw-097540 [https://perma.cc/8PYD-5HXU]. Proponents' initial goal in the 1970s
was to add sexual orientation as a protected trait under the Civil Rights Act of
1964, but they eventually settled on enacting separate employment discrimination
legislation. See Reed, supra, at 281-86.





n358.  For an argument that one need not rely on formal supermajority rules to
trigger delay, deliberation, and consensus-building prior to constitutional
amendment, see Schwartzberg, supra note 354, at 1309-11.





n359.  See Barry Friedman, The Importance of Being Positive: The Nature and
Function of Judicial Review, 72 U. Cin. L. Rev. 1257, 1294 (2004) (noting that
groups "must run the long race of politics" to produce new constitutional
interpretations).





n360.  See supra note 345 and accompanying text.





n361.  See, e.g., Kramer, supra note 67, at 143-52 (critiquing the Court's
jurisprudence limiting Congress's powers to enact legislation enforcing the
Fourteenth Amendment); Post & Siegel, Legislative Constitutionalism, supra note
6, at 1966-80 (same).





n362.  But see Harris, supra note 11, at 196-98 (pointing to the potential for
the reintegration of American farming, and "a new and more inclusive agrarian
ideal").


                               2 of 90 DOCUMENTS

             Copyright (c) 2008 Wisconsin Journal of Law, Gender &
                                    Society
                   Wisconsin Journal of Law, Gender & Society

                                   Fall, 2008

                   Wisconsin Journal of Law, Gender & Society

                        23 Wis. J.L. Gender & Soc'y 313

LENGTH: 16278 words

ARTICLE: "WOMEN IN BLUE JEANS:" CONNECTING THE PAST WITH AGRICULTURAL
TRANSFORMATIONS IN THE PRESENT

NAME: Guadalupe T. Luna*

BIO: * Interim Associate Dean/Professor, Northern Illinois University, College
of Law. The author thanks Professors Jane Larson, Victoria Nourse, the
Conference organizers, and Symposium editors of the New Legal Realism Conference
for their invitation to attend and celebrate the Twenty-Fifth Anniversary of the
Feminism and Legal Project.

HIGHLIGHT: "A lot of us are getting into farming later, as we get older ...
We're willing to toss insanity to the winds. It's just a different focus for
women." n1


 TEXT:
 [*313]

   Introduction

 The systemic and ongoing demise of independent farm operations is well
documented and lamented. n2 The confluence of globalization and rising
production costs in the present are further jeopardizing existing independent
owner operations both domestically and internationally. n3 Yet against
insurmountable odds, a realm of agricultural data reveals that new waves of
women farmers are engaging in endeavors that contrast the past.

   Historically, women remained primarily invisible in farming operations,
sustaining households and maintaining their own small gardens. This essay
underscores a divergence from "the popular conception of feminisms [that on some
farms] have been regarded as destabilizing and as a threat to many of the
[*314]  social relationships that are valued in rural life." n4 This
corresponding contrast stems from the increasing entry rates of women in farming
ventures and their production of alternative and sustainable products. n5 When
contemplated against the nation's federal food agenda, n6 nevertheless, the
question arises whether this new trend of women held operations can succeed in
the enterprise of farming.

   In the present, women farm operators are legally challenging historically
based rural inequities that range inter alia from the lack of access to federal
operating and disaster based loans to the disparate treatment of federal based
farm programs. Since the colonial period when native lands were subjected to the
hegemony of nation building, moreover, female farming enterprises have
confronted rural hostility and arbitrary treatment.

   Grounded in historical intransigencies, rural inequities expose gendered
biased externalities ranging from federal economic models to funding disparities
for women held enterprises. In contrast, however, federal laws have expedited
male dominant operations at the expense of more diverse food production systems.
n7 This essay thus examines the relationship of women farming operations against
the framework of the nation's farm bills.

   In sum, this two-fold thrust systemically exposes high exit factors for the
new women entering the enterprise of farming. Specifically, the present
agricultural agenda is primarily structured on economies of scale that expedite
current agribusiness models. n8 This federal approach nonetheless sacrifices the
small and independent owner operators at the bottom, including women-run
operations.



    [*315]  The rural movements of the 1920s and 1930s, which sought to protect
independent operators, eventually resulting in the nation's farm bills, also
effectuated a range of systemic consequences that contrasted the goals of the
insurgency. n9 The new women operators engaging in alternative and sustainable
crop production, therefore, yield to a legacy of non-qualifying status for
federal benefits. n10 Historically placing women outside federal economic
efficiency models that are beneficial to large-scale enterprises render female
operations at risk to potential forfeitures of their farming ventures.

   The United States Department of Agriculture's ("USDA") vast programs and
practices that offer federal assistance for research, development, and marketing
promotions systematically endanger female operations. In its totality, the USDA
effectively promotes the larger and male dominant agricultural enterprises.
Added value from a realm of marketing programs and a sea of domestic and
international agricultural agreements also benefit qualifying farmers while
excluding women-held operations. n11 In its totality, the USDA effectively
promotes the larger and male dominant agricultural enterprises.

   In contrast, a gendered perspective of farm bills and production is
underscored when pesticide use is contemplated in industrial agriculture. n12
"Women take the brunt of the many toxic chemicals used in conventional
agriculture. [Women] have greater fat stores than men, and that's where
fat-soluble chemicals finally reside ... ." n13 Their children are also harmed
from excessive pesticide contamination. n14 Yet legal formalistic studies
concentrate  [*316]  on the regulatory state of farming, not on absorption rates
for women and children. n15

   In tracking the nation's farm bills, the goal of this essay further
highlights the federally defined agricultural relationship with consumers.
Specifically and within their class of operations, women engage specialty crops
and sustainable productions, offering consumers alternatives to the widespread
and wide scale health scares tainted food products engender. Within communities
of color, moreover, federally subsidized programs and their links to allergies
and health absorption rates have also produced health disparities. n16 In the
aggregate, a gendered approach demonstrates how agricultural fundamentalism
negatively influences women as producers, farm laborers, and consumers. n17

   The New Legal Realism Conferences n18 expedite investigations that target
those at the bottom of law's reach. The Conferences' call for action facilitates
this examination of the gendered inequalities female operators witness in the
agricultural agenda as codified through the nation's farm bills and policies.
Part I examines the structural barriers early women of color sustained in their
confrontations with rural colonialism. Part II addresses the systemic gendered
disparities women have confronted in recent litigation against the USDA. Part
III links women's legal struggles in the agricultural industry with the Nation's
farm bills that initially emerged during the New Deal period. n19 Illustrating a
[*317]  break with past legislative harms Part IV contemplates the new women
farmers of the present. Part V joins feminists for a collective space for all
women to return to earlier periods of rural insurgency that produced the farm
bills of the present.

   Although women participated in the populism that led to the nation's food
agenda, earlier periods disallowed collective action that could have bridged the
racial disparity of the times n20 and the goal to protect the small independent
operators. n21 The resultant food bills and rural policies ultimately yielded to
the politics of the agri-business in the present with attendant structural
inequities for women-led enterprises. n22

   This essay, in sum, seeks a return to the ideals of rural insurgency to
offset large scale production models and the negative externalities consumers
are confronting.

   I.

"Social Engineering," n23 History and Gendered Agrarian Obstructionism

 Feminists have long regarded "hearing women's voices" n24 as important, and
while there have been a few gains in venues such as the development of women
studies in higher education, n25 women have yet to define the nation's  [*318]
food agenda. n26 When women challenged agricultural inequities, as highlighted
below, the legal formalism of farm legislation nonetheless cemented their
exclusion. n27

   Specifically, in targeting this gendered directed approach to the nation's
farm bills and rural policies, the New Legal Realism Conferences n28 mandate a
race base distinction to the broader studies of domestic based female farmers.
n29

   Throughout history, women, particularly women of color, have faced
difficultly in preserving farming enterprises against harsh rural challenges.
Rural author Joan Jensen observes the varying degree of harm in some rural
arenas that have ignored various gendered classes, noting the diversity of women
encompasses "different places and different people but there has been a constant
struggle by women to stay on the land." n30 Agrarian inequities, violence, and
in some instances, deaths stemming from Jim Crow disenfranchisement, further
structured the alienation rural women of color confronted. n31



    [*319]  Women of color retain close cultural and spiritual ties to land
based on their ancient and unique histories of rural land based experience. n32
For example, Native Americans introduced the value of corn, melon, squash and
tobacco to newly arrived foreign entrants. n33 The relationship to land for
Indigenous women, moreover, extends beyond food cultivation to sacred
entanglements between the environment and their religiosity. n34

   From the earliest nation building efforts, Congress directed its efforts
towards promoting settlements in newly acquired territories without regard to
native population groups. n35 Colonial agricultural legislation actively
disenfranchised and disposed large populations from their traditional land use.
n36 The realm of easements and use rights held in ownership since the Spanish
and Mexican colonial periods of the present American Southwest have instigated
litigation to retain rights of access long into the contemporary period. n37

   Across the agricultural landscape, the federal agrarian laws and policies
that displaced significant minority population groups spans a wide realm of
legislation, including Homestead laws that expedited settlement onto their
properties. n38 When the new settlers confronted the additional difficulties in
[*320]  facilitating farming ventures, Congress, not unlike the present,
responded with newly adopted legislation. n39 Homestead settlers accordingly
benefited from irrigation flows into arid geographical terrain with the
promulgation of the Reclamation Act. n40 The Taylor Grazing Act offset high
input prices and expanded access to the federal domain that also violated Native
American religious sites. n41

   This section expands on the agrarian legislation that facilitated the
historical disenfranchisement of the Mexican women who owned vast rural acreage.
n42 My intent is to demonstrate that women have long defended their property
interests against rural inequities. The ongoing pattern and practice of rural
marginalization, continuing with the birth of the nation's first comprehensive
farm bill in the 1930s, imposed additional expansive agrarian policies with
legal implications into the present. n43

   Prior to the United States war against the Mexican Republic, women held
agricultural properties in the present Southwest. n44 Unlike the common law
system, the Mexican civil law system recognized the legal identity of women
outside of direct male relationships. n45 Under Mexican law, women possessed and
operated property independently. n46 Women also held varying sizes of properties
concurrently with their spouses or siblings. n47 Maria Antonieta de  [*321]
Castro owned 30,593,95 acres; Martina Castro possessed 32,702,41 acres, and
Vicenta Sepuvelda held 17,774,19 acres. n48 Maria Romana de la Luz Carillo de
Wilson declared ownership of 48,837,27 acres, and Maria de Los Angeles Castro
and Candida Castro, jointly owned Canada de Raimunda in San Mateo County,
California. n49 As in the present, land ownership emphasized "self-reliance and
more independence." n50

   Notwithstanding governmental promises to protect property interests through
the peace agreement that ended the war between the two Republics, agricultural
legislation effectively expedited the entry of third parties onto the land of
the former Mexican citizens. n51 In response to the newly adopted Homestead
Acts, a universe of squatters and others targeted the land without regard to the
supremacy of the 1848 peace agreement that terminated the war between the two
nations. n52

   Newly arrived settlers seeking access to their properties ultimately caused
Rufina Castro, for example, to face a United States challenge to her Santa Clara
County Rancho Solis. n53 Other Mexican, Indian, and Spanish holders of former
Mexican property also confronted property losses. n54 In addition to the
forfeitures caused by agricultural legislation and policies, the violence of the
times generated additional losses. n55 Unfortunately, legal formalism disallowed
[*322]  recognition of the extent to which rural legislation expedited the
rights of squatters and settlers who targeted the property of former Mexican
women. n56 Ultimately, and into the future, the loss of their property defaulted
many of the women and their children to a legacy of poverty, physical brutality,
and racial terrorism as farm laborers. n57

   Into the present, women as farm laborers remain vital to food production.
Female employees are employed in present agro-maquilas that prepare chicken and
beef for consumption. n58 Although female laborers have long protested against
disparate working conditions, a legal span of injunctions and broad realm of
physical violence accelerated the demise of unions and other self-help efforts.
n59 The federal exemption that protects agricultural employers further cemented
the workers' ultimate exclusion from the federal right to collective action that
is guaranteed in other industries. n60

   Against this legal historical backdrop of the women who confronted rural
supremacy, this essay is grounded in women led protests against farm inequities.
In sum, it argues for a new rural legal space for women where the  [*323]
present wave of female operators can advance new and alternative forms of
feeding the nation without the threat of escalating exit factors. n61

   II. Gendered Rural Disparities



"The USDA ... . An "old line' department." n62

 Rural women are not commonly credited with participating in the public sphere
of farming enterprises and are routinely characterized as passive actors in
agriculture. n63 Contrary to the dominant perception throughout agricultural
history, women have long participated in various forms of capital formation,
whether engaging in "butter and egg money" or selling their overstock to outside
markets. n64 Male dominance in cultivating commercial crops, however,
overshadows gendered capital formation. A more direct focus on gendered farming
productions and the nation's farm bills emphasizes the need for exploring female
driven agriculture. n65 Differences between women based operations from their
male counterparts could provide insight towards formulating an agricultural
agenda that promotes rural equities and diversity in food production outside of
large scale models. n66

   In targeting the new "Women in Blue Jeans" n67 and their farming operations,
this essay connects the agricultural disparities of the past with their
disparate treatment of the present. Constituting a neglected field within the
construct of agricultural legal formalism, the new female farmers of the present
are introducing alternative forms of agricultural enterprises. n68 These new
[*324]  operations fundamentally conflict with the nation's current food
producing systems as sustained through its farm bills and rural policies. n69 As
examined in a subsequent section, women are challenging the discriminatory farm
programs that threaten the viability of their farming operations, prompting the
fundamental need for additional gendered based rural legal studies.

   A.

"Women in Blue Jeans"



"Farm women have been willing to play very flexible roles on the farm - to do
whatever is necessary." n70

 Grounded in history, the present agricultural landscape is the result of a long
trend of women of color and their communities attempting to protect their rural
enterprises. n71 In displacing Indigenous populations, innumerable farming
operations of the dominant class benefited from an agriculturally directed
conquest through legislation and overt violence. n72 Following the war with the
Mexican Republic, the former property holders that at one time populated the
present Southwest also witnessed alienation from their property interests. n73



    [*325]  In sum, the nation's agricultural history reveals the tensions that
precluded women from accessing their property and operating a farming
enterprise. n74 Yet women have not remained passive actors. n75 Amidst their
under representation in federal programs, women have initiated litigation
against agrarian inequities. n76 Their most recent attempts are addressed next.

   B. Garcia v. Johanns n77

 Women of color have long participated in both the public and private rural
spheres. n78 Yet in seeking federal loan assistance or securing operating loans
during economic distressful periods, they encountered overwhelming rejections of
federal assistance from local USDA offices. n79 In the contemporary period,
innumerable objections to their treatment and their pleas for remedial relief
from discrimination in loan applications resulted in the USDA conducting
hearings across the nation. n80 Federal testimony and reports show that the
USDA's disparate treatment of their applications ultimately generated
forfeitures of their farm operations. n81 Underscoring their dilemma is the
failure to hold the USDA accountable for their property losses. n82



    [*326]  Following the contemporary legal challenges Black farmers pursued
against the USDA, n83 women and Hispanic farmers also filed claims against the
agency. At present, full remedial relief for Black farmers has lapsed to the
formalism of judicial rulings requiring further congressional actions. n84 The
dissatisfaction with the Pigford litigation has induced additional litigation
for Black farming operations, while expediting litigation against the USDA by
women and "Hispanic" farmers. n85

   As in the Black farmer legal pursuits, "Hispanic" farmers in Garcia v.
Johanns, n86 and the female plaintiffs in both Love v. Veneman n87 and Love v.
Johanns n88 filed motions for class action status. Plaintiffs centered their
complaints on the discriminatory refusal of USDA farm loans, loan servicing,
loan continuation, and farm loan application forms. n89 The plaintiffs in both
Love cases also asserted gender discrimination in their petition for class
action status. n90 Plaintiffs in all three cases asserted that loans were
routinely not approved, and if approved, the farmers received smaller notes than
their white male counterparts. n91 Their complaints also centered on the
Agency's decision to close its Office of Civil Rights, the only source of
pursuing claims of  [*327]  discrimination in their attempts to access and
qualify for loans, whether race or gendered based. n92

   The plaintiffs' in both Love cases as in the Garcia litigation ultimately
failed because of the district and appellate court's strict and formalistic
adherence to class certification rules. n93 This strict interpretation therefore
disallowed the plaintiffs' complaints of discrimination over a presumed failure
to show commonality "plus some additional factor that would have otherwise led
the court to rule the proposed members of the class had suffered from a common
policy of discrimination." n94 The failure to demonstrate "common questions of
fact" as interpreted by the court under the federal class action rules
disallowed certification of this particular class action. n95 Extending the
formalistic rulings further, the courts also held that, "plaintiffs' allegations
of failure to investigate civil rights complaints did not state a claim under
the Equal Opportunity Act or the Administrative Procedure Act" and ultimately
disallowed their pleas to continue their litigation as a class action." n96
Constituting a class of outsider farmers, the plaintiffs in this litigation were
unable to obtain recourse because the legal formality of class action motions
failed the primary evidence showing widespread USDA led discrimination,
underscoring the irreparable harm sustained from the unfair treatment by the
Agency. n97 Although the USDA asserts it reaches out to disadvantaged operators,
the judicial denial for class certification in Garcia and both Love cases have
allowed the USDA to continue their discriminatory lending practices of rejecting
loans based on race and gender. n98

   After the rejection of their motions and the frustration with the "remedies"
extended, "Hispanic" farmers nevertheless called for the Agency to "act boldly
and quickly" in settling their claims. n99 A number of affidavits contrast these
judicial rulings and illustrate how the USDA granted operating loans to non-
minority farmers without collateral to save financially vulnerable farming
operations. n100 This contrasts with the experiences of the plaintiffs in Garcia
and Love, where they found themselves pressured by the USDA into not applying
for federal operating loans, even in instances where they offered collateral on
[*328]  their requests for loan assistance. n101 In contrast, testimony shows
dominant farmers received loans and, in several situations, the USDA's special
master's sale of plaintiffs' forfeited property expedited the purchase of their
farms to neighboring Anglo-American farmers at a reduced rate. n102

   Maria de Lourdes Gonzalez tells us that her farming family began as
sharecroppers and eventually purchased a small strawberry farm. n103
Environmental harm to their crop forced her family to request a disaster loss
loan. n104 The local branch of the USDA dissuaded her application in part by
informing her that "the application process would be extensive and difficult,
the funds were extremely limited, and ... there was no guarantee [her] family
would ever qualify for disaster benefits." n105 Yet across the road from Maria's
farm, her Anglo neighbor received a loan enabling him to continue his operation
without fear of forfeiting his farm. n106

   A long arm of federally generated inequities and disparities motivated Maria
to help form the California Latino Agriculture Association ("CLAA"), in order to
"pull together the problems we had with FSA." n107 Maria's affidavit told of her
experience assisting minority farmers when they were "brushed off" and exposed
to equally dubious agency tactics. n108 In some instances, the local office
would purposefully direct the applicants to a different office to discourage
applications, forcing the applicants to return to the FSA office. n109
Applicants were also "laughed out of the FSA when they carried their farm
documents in shoe boxes." n110 Ultimately, the agency's deceitful tactics caused
Maria to train herself on the application process because "they approved
applications for themselves and for their friends, and manipulated guidelines to
exclude Hispanics." n111 Without funds to sustain their efforts, the CLAA
folded, eventually leading to the Garcia litigation. n112



    [*329]  Long ago, Lon Fuller characterized adjudication as "a form of social
ordering." n113 The adjudication in which all plaintiffs sought class action
standing renders a new social ordering in which relief has disallowed outsider
farmers from challenging federal agrarian inequities. As all parties await their
appeals, the charge that women were passive actors in the rural sector is
difficult to reconcile. Yet despite the insurmountable odds and full realm of
rural difficulties they witnessed, women held operations persevered, re-emerging
in the present. n114

   Further disparities overshadowing female-based farm operations contemplated
next.

   III. Limiting Food Production and Diversity

 Charged with forming the nation's rural policies and practices, the USDA has
long promoted economies of scale in food but has formally structured a limited
food production system on consumers. n115 The resultant vertical integration of
food production obstructs diverse levels of food production. This emphasis is on
producers concentrating control of key crops from farm to market directly. n116
This method also displaces the varied types of farming operations with control
otherwise vesting in one corporate entity. The resultant integration underscores
the systemically structured broad girth of agribusiness with the subsequent loss
of independent farming operations and widespread implications for women-based
farming operations. n117

   The federal regulatory structure that benefits large scale operations also
proves harmful to diverse farming operations by exposing the smaller independent
farmers to high exit rates. For example, a broad and wide-scale realm of federal
law extends to a sea of entangled programs, departments, and conflicting
policies that promote agri-industry and benefit large scale productions. As the
class action complaints demonstrate, women farmers are placed on the outside of
federal funding and program opportunities. The  [*330]  complaints underscore
the escalating risks that induce high exit rates where a farming operation is in
need of borrowed but elusive capital that is dependent on the gender of an
applicant. n118

   While federal funding of large scale commodity production offers extensive
food products for consumers, its "success" is rendered suspect in part because
of the beneficial treatment accruing from federal payment systems. n119 The
price supports top producers garner from subsidies and operating loans remain
difficult to reconcile with the hunger and food insufficiency rates plaguing the
nation, while also systemically legally harming women producers.

   In response to the imbalance between price support and hunger rates, the USDA
replaces the word "hunger" on its reports with the phrase "very low food
security." n120 This phrase discounts the attendant malnutrition rates that
escalate particularly for the women and children who reside in "food deserts"
n121 and are unable to access safe and alternative food products. In contrast,
heavily starched, sugar laden, or other harmful weight-producing products are
offered despite their causative links to ill health. n122 The elderly, moreover,
are equally susceptible to health injury when mobility issues preclude them from
accessing sustainable and healthy alternatives. n123



    [*331]  An additional and non-extenuating factor that extends beyond food
access encompasses the food safety issues the disparate industrial agriculture
imposes on consumers. n124 The USDA proclaims that "food safety and security is
an important aspect of the USDA nutrition assistance programs ... . " n125
Nonetheless, the nation is witnessing an escalating number of wide-scale health
alerts from food contaminants, with some even resulting in consumer deaths. n126
When these health alerts occur, the tainted products are not immediately
withdrawn from the market. n127 Instead, the present regulatory structure
permits a producer to voluntarily recall the product. n128 This practice is
difficult to reconcile with the reliance consumers place on governmental
agencies charged with feeding the nation. n129

   To alleviate the public's concerns over food contaminants, the USDA retains
an increasing network of alert mechanisms through various agencies and
information distribution systems. n130 Yet at no time are price supports
withdrawn nor incentives in place that would disallow federal economic  [*332]
support. n131 A confluence of difficult questions thus surface when food safety
studies are funded by the producers themselves and not by objective third
parties. n132

   Women and children are faced with additional consequences stemming from the
nation's farm bills n133 support of nutrition and school lunch programs. The
programs wield punitive political measures that are detrimental to the health of
children and their families. Nutrition programs are often subjected to the
political capriciousness of the era when farm bills are debated and held hostage
to threats of slashing nutrition budgets. n134 Qualifying determinations for
food stamps and other food related programs change accordingly with the
political temperature of the times. n135

   Further disparities with direct causative links to federal farm and credit
lending practices for women and consumers arise from the county committees where
women are primarily absent. Specifically, the USDA declares, "the election of
responsible agricultural producers to FSA [Farm Service Agency] county
committees is important to ALL farmers and ranchers with large and small
operations." n136 The committees are crucial because the members "help deliver
FSA programs at the local level" and offer "local input on: ... loans and
payments." n137



    [*333]  Farmers who serve on county committees ultimately decide the kind of
programs their counties will offer." n138 At the 2006 county committee elections
in Illinois, only one "Hispanic" female was eligible to vote. n139 The absence
of women, particularly women of color, from farm committees precludes their
active involvement in defining the nation's food producing systems, loan
determinations, and other federal programs. Their exclusion from the county
committees are, moreover, at the core of the litigation impacting women
operators. n140 The relationship between county committees and the USDA has long
exposed women operators and communities of color to elevated exit risk factors
while expediting male loan determinations. n141 Their exit rates, in sum
proving, disproportionate to enterprises engaging in farm committee
determinations, and ultimately led to the Garcia and Love litigation. n142

   The high costs of farming inputs must also be considered when discussing
whether women can survive in rural operations against their absence from farm
committees and the attendant backdrop of the discriminatory farm lending
policies. Farming is subjected to many uncontrollable externalities, including
environmental disasters that can be financially devastating. While operators of
"qualifying" enterprises can turn to the wide network of the USDA's economic
assistance programs, most women operators are dissuaded from applying. n143 This
contrasts with the farm committee members who are able to access, qualify, and
receive beneficial credit programs during difficult farming cycles. n144 This
current distribution of farm credit and loan programs thereby  [*334]
perpetuate gender based rural disparities for the class of women who are
precluded from accessing credit or loans comparable to their non-minority status
male counterparts. n145

   In the aggregate, the nation's farm policies and bills have structurally
created a concrete "social order" that subordinates nutritional and health
alternatives for consumers, particularly women and children. n146 Their gendered
exclusion from food production and policies yields to a "white male workforce"
that dominates the agricultural agenda in Congress and within the federal
agencies charged with the nation's food producing systems. n147

   In promoting larger enterprises at the expense of smaller and diverse
operations, the nation's farm bills suggest that the new women operators and
their enterprises fundamentally conflict with the nation's food agenda.

   IV. Changing and Reemerging Gendered demographics and Geographic Trends



"I'm the hired help" n148

 The agricultural census data reports that against indefinable odds, women are
entering farming and operating their own ventures. n149 Rejecting corporate
farming models, a confluence of demographic and geographic shifts show women
pursuing alternative and sustainable commodities. n150

   The transition of domestic minorities and foreign-born population groups
across the nation, moreover, are inspiring and initiating new farming
enterprises. n151 Immigrants and domestic based communities of color are  [*335]
demanding alternative food products, such as cabrito, chiles, and other ethnic
delicacies that the current industrial agriculture does not produce. n152 This
section addresses the women who are emerging against the immeasurable
difficulties they face as a result of the federal funding polices and adverse
judicial rulings.

   A broader realm of understanding gendered food production remains
indiscernible stemming in part from the exclusion of married women in
agricultural census studies. Until recently, the census limited population
studies to male spouses as the principal operator. n153 The status and methods
of farming operations of minority women as principal operators also remains
obscured, again emphasizing the need for additional study of diverse farming
operations.

   This section sets forth the new wave of women farmers who are defying
historical norms and taking advantage of the current circumstances where the
aging population of dominant farmers is diminishing. n154 Women, moreover, are
engaging in organic and varied alternatives that run counter to industrial
agricultural production models. n155 In many instances, this shift of female
operations is reversing farming population losses across the nation. n156 Their
status within the agricultural economy, nevertheless, renders them at risk to
escalating exit rates. n157



    [*336]  Notwithstanding the threat of high exit potential from farming,
Terri Hawbaker is representative of the new female entering and seeking
alternatives to industrial agriculture. n158 As the owner of a 120-acre farm,
Terri owns sixty-five dairy cows. n159 It is not uncommon that upon seeing her
people will ask her "where the boss is" believing that she is the hired help.
n160

   The 2002 Census of Agriculture reports that the number of female principal
farm operators increased in forty-three states, with more "Hispanics" running
farms in all fifty states. n161 Of the operators enumerated, women constitute
about 27% of the nation's three million farmers that operate farms alone or with
others. n162 The leading states with the most woman as principal farm operators
include Texas with 27,192; California with 12,615; Missouri with 10,818;
Tennessee with 9,413; and Oklahoma with 8,720 farms. n163 The top states for
women-operated acreage are Texas with 11,178,527; Arizona with 5,703,441;
Montana with 3,804,871; New Mexico with 3,494,882; and Wyoming with 2,569,140
acres. n164 Additionally, women farmers in the East command a significant
presence; the four states with the most women as principal operators include New
Hampshire with 24.9 percent; Maine with 21.7 percent; Massachusetts with 21.5
percent; and Connecticut with 20.7 percent. n165

   In the Midwest, women-operated ventures are also increasing. "About a fifth
of the 101,574 farm operators in Illinois are women." n166 In Wisconsin, women
holding farms were primarily full owners but many also hold tenancies or part
ownership status. n167

   Although women are not segregated in this enumeration, the Census identified
400 farms owned by Spanish, Hispanic, or Latino principal operators in
Wisconsin. n168 By comparison, the Michigan tabulation identifies that  [*337]
Hispanic women altogether hold 282 farms, while Hispanic men hold 863 farming
operations. n169

   The increase in female and Hispanic farmers is partially attributable to
their long time history as farm workers; when farmers retire, they tend to offer
loyal employees an opportunity to buy land, and families pool resources to
purchase and operate the farm. n170 In 2002, women worked on 59,383,557 acres of
land, constituting an increase of 16.5 percent since 1997. n171 Agricultural
census data also shows that "nearly all women principal operators, 95.4 percent,
own at least part of the land they operated." n172 Interestingly, rentals and
leases of farms by women decreased between 1997 and 2002. n173

   It is unfortunate that very little agricultural census data exists on
Chicanas. n174 While the USDA only started reporting census data on Spanish,
Hispanic, Latino women as principal operators in 2002, they still fail to report
data on Chicana principal operators separate from the other groups. n175
However, one USDA report states that "Spanish, Hispanic, or Latino origin
operators" from the previous census increased by 50.8 percent, and are the
"fastest growing minority group farm operators." n176 Latinas also comprise "the
largest group of minority women principal operators" in the United States. n177

   Outside of rural ventures, women also participate in urban and subset farming
markets. Nonetheless, they are at the mercy of the whims of city politics, such
as in the sale of neighborhood markets to developers. n178  [*338]
Specifically, their ventures are exposed to escalating eviction threats from
city officials. n179

   In Los Angeles, for example, a small urban farming group comprised primarily
of women from indigenous Mesoamerican groups developed an "outsider garden."
n180 In an area that the City primarily designated as a landfill, and not unlike
their rural counterparts, the female urban farmers planted and harvested native
row crops, fruit-bearing trees and vines, medicinal herbs, and cacti. n181 The
women introduced "an estimated 100 to 150 species" and "at least five thousand
years old [deriving] from the native ancestral crops of the Americas." n182
These women producers reintroduced plants not yet lost to the copyright
protection of genetically modified products that are thrust on consumers by
large scale producers. n183

   In this instance, developers, however, had purchased the urban garden site
and generated an ensuing political battle. n184 The subsequent eviction of the
group n185 engendered immeasurable losses to a local community and the consumers
that sought the diverse products the women operators offered.

   Ultimately, while the agricultural census reveals women operations are
accruing a measure of success their operations remain vulnerable against the
economic and socio-political engines driving the farm agenda.

   V.

"Food Justice" n186 and Proposed Re-directions



"Lavender Fields Forever" n187

 This new wave of rural women operators are presenting new dimensions to food
production, and in some instances, as both producers and consumers, are reviving
stale rural economies. n188 Yet women run the risk of losing their  [*339]
farming ventures due to the escalating costs of inputs such as feed, seeds and
grains, and their inability to access credit. n189 Rural isolation from other
women farmers makes them particularly disadvantaged in commercial agriculture.
Further risk factors emerge when they are precluded access to federal economic
opportunities.

   In some states, women who lose their land are met with unsympathetic
responses from state agricultural officials: "I feel for them, but I think they
have other opportunities that they're just not wanting to do those [sic]." n190
This response is problematic, and demonstrates the lack of regard to the
historically based rural inequities women face.

   Recognizing their economic and social isolation and the difficulties in
operating in a rural economy, women farmers offer and participate in a range of
conferences. This permits the women to bridge differentials and share
information they normally cannot access. n191 Based on historical legal
observations, these ad hoc efforts are admirable but do not safeguard their
endeavors against the current agricultural law regime.

   Further harm results, moreover, from the inequities of harsh legal rulings.
The court's refusal to certify the class against charges of federal disparities
in farm lending programs and practices, illustrates the legal hurdles
formalistic rulings impose. n192 And the women who develop and maintain
alternative urban farming enterprises to offset food deserts face exposure to
risk from urban political disputes. n193 Both rural and urban women alike
confront structurally generated disparate inequalities and systemic
marginalization from the federal  [*340]  agricultural and sociopolitical
climate. n194 Accordingly, the continued lack of access and parity with their
male counterparts ensures that legal maneuvering will further and systematically
deplete the newly developing groups of women farmers. Against this backdrop, the
task of the New Legal Realism obligates a new direction.

   This essay accordingly argues for a new rural legal space for women where
female operators can advance new and alternative forms of feeding the nation.
n195 In rejecting the politics of industrial agriculture and sustained federal
support of the agrarian elite, this essay joins Mary Summer in her call for a
new rural insurgency. n196 While women in agriculture have made a few strides in
equality, they have yet to define the nation's farm bills or even actively
participate in the formulation of rural policies. n197 A re-direction that
contrasts with the current farm bill and farm policies' formulations could
decrease at-risk operations and expedite the increased protection of those
operations.

   At the onset, this renewed call for rural insurgency calls for an
agricultural populism that also contrasts the rural movements of the past. Past
rural populism sought to protect independent owner-operators but ultimately its
legacy deviated from the ideals of rural insurgents as witnessed in the nation's
farm bills. n198 Furthermore, the Jim Crow laws of the times precluded
collective activities between all groups notwithstanding color or race.
Ultimately, this renewed call for a new rural populism could also substantiate
Congress' intentions as expressed in the Farmland Protection Policy, n199 a bill
long rendered insufficient in its overall lack of enforcement.

   When the tables turned against rural insurgency long ago, women actively
participated in the populism that spawned the farm programs of the present but
that subsequently rejected them. n200 Prior to the Great Depression, a collapsed
agricultural economy in key regions across the nation brought forth protests
[*341]  against depressed prices, farm forfeitures, and banks employing liens
that further accelerated farm losses. n201 During that era, women urged men to
"raise less corn and more hell." n202 Ultimately, this period of rural
insurgency brought forth the present nation's farm bills. n203

   In calling for a renewed agrarian insurgence, this essay at the core level
seeks a gendered approach to the nation's farm bills. A new direction obligates
a renewed call for new forms of collective action. Food links nations and at
times, can close gaps between cultures. n204 This New Legal Realism Project thus
obligates a closer look at the existing legislative exemptions that protect
agricultural producers.

   Specifically, the operative language provides insight for producers. The
legislation in sum was promulgated to protect farmers' economic standing and
market upheavals. n205 The Clayton Act, n206 moreover, "linked industrial labor
and farmers as the kind of economic units of individuals for whom it was thought
necessary to permit cooperation ... in order to survive against the economically
dominant manufacturing, supplier, and purchasing interests with which they had
to interrelate." n207 In the instance of gendered food production, the
legislation could expedite female-based cooperatives if women legally and
collectively joined to counter the disparities of the past.

   All women participated in rural politics n208 but the primary scholarly
neglect of their activism remains obscured, and the racism of the times n209
[*342]  dictated their marginalization of defending their farms and how the law
expedited losses. It is widely recognized outside of agricultural histories that
women of color fundamentally prioritized a "commitment to political action."
Black and Latina women operators and their protests against their harsh
histories obligate additional gendered examination of the nation's food
production systems. n210 Female agricultural workers also protested against
rural inequities.

   For example, Manuela Solis Sanger and Emma Tenayuca were agricultural
employees that fought against wage disparities during the 1938 Texas pecan
shellers strike. n211 The extent to which law intersected with their crusade and
the racism of the times that precluded their public involvement in dominant
populist rural insurgency presents a fertile ground for future directed studies.
n212

   Surfacing only recently in scholarly investigations, the course of their
leadership informs us of their pleas for equality in the rural sector. However,
rural women's leadership roles have been historically documented:



   Women are assuming a greater amount of leadership in rural organizations than
in the earlier days. In some localities they now make up about 50 per cent [sic]
of the officers, and incidentally, their education in terms of schooling is
about two years more than that of the men in similar positions. n213

 Historians provide examples of women in the dominant classes like Effie
Kjorstand who "lived on her parents' farm in Williams County ... North Dakota,
gave speeches and was quite effective in her role as organizer for farm
equality." n214 Edith Pearson and Josie Hallquist from Nebraska were also
[*343]  involved in rural movement activities. n215 Outside of direct speeches,
women also "specialized in community-building functions." n216

   Their legacy rejects their sought after goals and intent in advocating reform
of the sector by yielding to the federal support of industrial agriculture. The
ultimate breach of protecting the smaller and independent food producers led to
losses that extended into the contemporary period. The losses of their farms,
moreover, forced many of the women and their children into the role of
agricultural farm workers in order to survive. Further exclusion of farm
laborers and sharecroppers from favorable legislation also tainted their efforts
to protect smaller and independent ownership of the nation's farming
communities. n217

   The economic threats to the independent smaller operations of the past
parallel the vulnerabilities of the present. Specifically, the initial promises
that developed into the nation's current farm bills were declared in
congressional testimony and federal legislation as means to protect small and
independent operations. n218 Infidelity to rural insurgency nonetheless followed
the women that had rallied for farm economic equality in the pre-New Deal period
that produced the nation's farm bills. n219 Since that profound period, the farm
bills have transformed into massive exports for international arenas, and the
hegemony of a large agricultural sector threatens the small family farms rural
insurgency sought to protect. n220



    [*344]  In the present, the damage resulting from the ramifications of a
narrowly based food agenda combined with the vast realm of rural inequities
necessitates a return to the rural activism of the pre-New Deal era. A
collective effort between minorities and all women farmers in legally defined
cooperative ventures could offset the food recalls, tainted products, and
challenge the food deserts harming the hungry and malnourished. A gendered
approach accordingly would counter the ongoing and systemic rejection of the
earlier goals of rural insurgents.

   Conclusion

 From its earliest formulations, the nation's farm bills have primarily excluded
women within both their regulatory structures and food producing systems.
Agricultural history shows for example that: "The precedence for discrimination
in the Department of Agriculture has been established...by the first
Commissioner of the Department." n221 A further level of well established
hostility shows that when women sought to meet with government officials they
were informed that "it was contrary to the rules for the Secretary to receive
unescorted ladies." n222 Moreover, reviews of agricultural administration,
histories, laws, and policies, show a male emphasis while women remain virtually
silent in the broader framework of agricultural legal studies. n223 And while
not all men are to blame for the current regime, reversing the exclusion of a
gendered approach could reveal alternative and sustainable measures. n224

   Additionally, large scale food operations have greatly influenced and
benefited from a narrowly defined domestic agenda at the expense of independent
producers while sacrificing the interests of consumers. n225  [*345]  Promoting
a gendered approach accordingly allows alternative and sustainable measures in
farm bill and policy formulations. The present new female operators are emerging
against indefinable odds and rejecting the ideals of industrial agriculture. And
in some instances, women are forming new rural spaces within the geographical
terrain of a city, challenging the traditional definitions of farming.

   This New Legal Realism Project enables a gendered examination of the nation's
farm bills. It illustrates a re-direction where a gendered analysis of the
regulatory structures that support the nation's food production systems employed
could offer the nation a new agricultural template. Incorporating a gendered
approach could promote alternative food production systems that would benefit
the populations that agricultural law and policies marginalize. A gendered
perspective permits rejecting harmful and industrialized food models that thrust
tainted food products on consumers and fail to eradicate hunger across the
nation. This alternative thereby mandates a return to an earlier period in time
when women sustained their families and communities before rural racism and
structural inequities barred their participation in agricultural politics and
law formulation. n226

   In the contemporary period, women need access to information and farm service
programs that go beyond supporting their male counterparts. n227 Legally formed
collective action could further a food policy agenda that would bridge the gaps
between race and class. Against the backdrop of food disparities and hunger in
the nation, this is an urgent plea for a return to renewed forms of rural
insurgency. A new rural movement would offset the loss of at risk farm groups
and, in sum, obligates nothing but the alternative and innovative measures women
held operations promise. n228

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
GovernmentsAgriculture & FoodProcessing, Storage & DistributionGovernmentsNative
AmericansProperty RightsLabor & Employment LawCollective Bargaining & Labor
RelationsStrikes & Work Stoppages

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Chris Parker, Women Adding a Second (or Third) Job: Farmer, L.A. Times,
Oct. 28, 2007, at 24 (quoting farm operator Kathy Fields). For a discussion of
the evolving role of women in farming, see Wava G. Haney & Jane B. Knowles,
Women and Farming: Changing Roles, Changing Structures, 12 Signs 797 (1987).





n2.  A general concern over the loss of independent farming operations is
extensive. See, e.g., Linda Lobao & Katherine Meyer, The Great Agricultural
Transition: Crisis, Change and Social Consequences of Twentieth Century U.S.
Farming, 27 Ann. Rev. Soc. 103, 103 (2001) (discussing "the exodus of Americans
from farming"); David A. McGranahan & Calvin L. Beale, Understanding Rural
Population Loss, 17 Rural Am. 2, 3 (2002) (discussing population losses in
agricultural "frontier' counties and relationship to a "decline in economic
opportunities in agriculture.").





n3.  See, e.g., Appellate Body Report, United States-Subsidies on Upland Cotton,
WT/DS267/AB/RW (June 2, 2008) (involving Brazil's complaint of U.S. subsidies on
cotton and its undue hardship on its farmers); Marcel Mazoyer, Protecting Small
Farmers and the Rural Poor in the Context of Globalization (2002), available at
http://www.fao.org/worldfoodsummit/msd/Y1743e.pdf.





n4.  Berit Brandth, On the Relationship Between Feminism and Farm Women, 19
Agric. & Hum. Values 107, 108 (2002).





n5.  See, e.g., Kathleen Mcgrory, More Women Farmers Sprout up: Female Farmers
are Growing in Numbers - and Growing Everything From Beans to Sapodilla, Miami
Herald, Mar. 7, 2007, at A1 ("The Department of Agriculture predicts that as
many as 75 percent of U.S. farmland will be owned or co-owned by women by
2014."); Sara Hoffman & Deborah Norton, 2002 Census of Agriculture Reveals an
Increase in Women Principal Operations, Nat'l Agric. Stat. Service, Mar. 9,
2005, available at http://www.nass.usda.gov/Newsroom/2005/03 09 2005.asp.





n6.  For farm bill examples, see Agricultural Adjustment Act of 1938, ch. 30, §
2, 52 Stat. 31 (codified at 7 U.S.C.S. § 1282 et seq. (1992)); Federal
Agricultural Improvement and Reform Act of 1996, Pub. L. No. 104-127, 110 Stat.
888 (1996). Compare Renee Johnson, What is the "Farm Bill"?, CRS Report for
Congress RS22131 (May 28, 2008), available at
http://www.nationalaglawcenter.org/assets/crs/RS22131.pdf with Jean Y. Jones et
al., What is a Farm Bill?, CRS Report for Congress, RL30956 (May 5, 2001).





n7.  See, e.g., Love v. Veneman, 224 F.R.D. 240 (D.D.C. 2004) (female farmers
alleging discrimination by the USDA through refusal of farm loan applications,
servicing, and continuation) [hereinafter Veneman].





n8.  Economies of scale are directly related to "industry consolidation" and its
relationship to market efficiency. See, e.g., John L. King, Concentration and
Technology in Agricultural Input Industries, Agric. Info. Bull. 763 (Mar. 2001),
available at http://www.ers.usda.gov/publications/aib763/aib763.pdf.
Accordingly, economies of scale signify "the ongoing shift of production to
larger operations ... ." James M. MacDonald et al., Profits, Costs, and the
Changing Structure of Dairy Farming, Agric. Info. Bull. 763 (Sept. 2007),
available at http://www.ers.usda.gov/publications/aib763/aib763.pdf.





n9.  Allan Kulikoff, The Agrarian Origins of American Capitalism (1992). For an
interpretation of the vast array of development practices that led to the
transformation of agriculture, see, e.g., Willard W. Cochrane, The Development
of American Agriculture: A Historical Analysis (1993); Don Paarlberg, Tarnished
Gold: Fifty Years of New Deal Farm Programs, in The New Deal and Its Legacy:
Critique and Reappraisal (Robert Eden ed., 1989).





n10.  Women engage in specialty crops production. See Johnson, supra note 6.
Federal law defines what "qualifying crops" are provided subsidies. See
Agricultural Adjustment Act of 1933, 7 U.S.C.A. § 601 (West 2008). See also Jean
M. Rawson, Specialty Crops: 2007 Farm Bill Issues, CRS Report for Congress RL
33520, 2 (2008), available at
http://www.ncseonline.org/NLE/CRSreports/08Mar/RL33520.pdf ("Specialty crops ...
are not eligible for direct support under USDA's farm commodity price and
programs.").





n11.  See, e.g., Agricultural Adjustment Act of 1938, 7 U.S.C.S. § 1301a (1992)
("parity prices"); The Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002, 7
U.S.C.S. § 7901 et seq. (2005), sought reversing the over reliance on price
supports but, in contrast, engendered an opposite effect and obligated
additional funding for operations. See, e.g., Beau Hurtig, The 2002 Farm Bill:
One Small Step for Family Farmers, One Giant Leap Towards Corporate Production
in Iowa, 29 J. Corp. L. 199 (2003).





n12.  For an example of pesticide use regulation, see Federal Insecticide,
Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA), 7 U.S.C. § 136 (2006).





n13.  Elaine Lipson, Food, Farming ... Feminism?, Ms., Summer 2004, at 46.





n14.  Compare Geoffrey M. Calvert et al., Case Report: Three Farmworkers who
Gave Birth to Infants with Birth Defects Closely Grouped in Time and
Place-Florida and North Carolina, 2004-2005, 115 Envtl. Health Persp. 787 (May
2007), available at http://www.ehponline.org/members/2007/9647/9647.pdf (no
causal link between prenatal pesticide exposure and birth defects but exposure
still cause for concern) with Peter J. Guarnaccia et al., The Impacts of Farm
Work on Health: Analyses of the Hispanic Health and Nutrition Examination
Survey, 26 Int'l Migration Rev. 111 (May 1992).





n15.  See, e.g., Mary Elizabeth Fratini, Celebrating 200 Years of Vermont Women
Farmers, Vt. Woman Newspaper, Sept. 2005, available at
http://www.vermontwoman.com/articles/0905/women farmers.shtml ("A still
neglected area of study is Vermont's women farmers ... They have to face a
society that still largely identifies farmers as male. We need to support
research on women farmers to see where the differences lie and how they impact
quality of life and profitability ... ." (quoting Mary Peabody, Director of the
Women's Agricultural Network)).





n16.  Many ethnic and racial populations cannot digest certain commodities
agricultural legislation subsidizes. For example, 90%-100% of Asian Americans
and American Indians, and up to 80% of African Americans, lack the genes
necessary to digest lactose, the primary sugar in milk. Nat'l Digestive Diseases
Info. Clearinghouse, Lactose Intolerance 3, available at
http://digestive.niddk.nih.gov/ddiseases/pubs/lactoseintolerance/lactoseintolera
nce.pdf.





n17.  The disparities of agricultural fundamentalism extend beyond gender to all
minorities. The Doctrine of Agricultural Exceptionalism benefits agricultural
employers while disallowing equal treatment of Latina/o farm workers. See
Ernesto Galarza, Merchants of Labor: The Mexican Bracero Story 105-06 (1964).
See also Marc Linder, Farm Workers and the Fair Labor Standards Act: Racial
Discrimination in the New Deal, 65 Tex. L. Rev. 1335 (1986-87).





n18.  The New Legal Realism Conferences focused on those "at the bottom," as
witnessed in its June 2004 and 2008 Conferences, which preclude homogeneity and
thus recognize differences based on race, class and gendered distinctions.
Howard Erlanger et al., New Legal Realism Symposium: Is it Time for a New Legal
Realism?, 2005 Wis. L. Rev. 335 (2005) (connecting "bottom-up' as well as
"top-down" empirical research).





n19.  Definitional farming practices are broad and differ across the nation. For
female farming histories, see The Women's West (Susan Armitage & Elizabeth
Jameson eds., 1987); Western Women: Their Land, Their Lives (Lillian Schlissel
et al. eds., 1988).





n20.  At the first level, Jim Crow legislation and its extra-legal activities
effectively precluded collective group activities. Notwithstanding the racial
hardship they endured, black farmers formed their own coalitions. See, e.g., M.
Langley Biegert, Legacy of Resistance: Uncovering the History of Collective
Action by Black Agricultural Workers in Central East Arkansas from the 1860s to
the 1930s, 32 J. Soc. Hist. 73 (1998); Greta de Jong, "With the Aid of God and
the F.S.A.": The Louisiana Farmers' Union and the African American Freedom
Struggle in the New Deal Era, 34 J. Soc. Hist. 105 (2000); William F. Holmes,
The Demise of the Colored Farmers' Alliance, 41 J. S. Hist. 187 (1975). For
individuals of Mexican descent, the Great Depression instigated repatriation
drives to "return" them to Mexico regardless of their citizenship status. See,
e.g., Francisco E. Balderrama, Decade of Betrayal: Mexican Repatriation in the
1930s (2006).





n21.  The agrarian revolt of the 1930s surfaced in large part due to the
economic inequities farmers faced, including liens and foreclosures of their
properties. See, e.g., Lawrence Goodwyn, The Populist Moment: A Short History of
the Agrarian Revolt in America 20-22 (1978) (discussing the impact of the crop
lien system).





n22.  See, e.g., Paarlberg, supra note 9.





n23.  See Jerome Frank, Law and the Modern Mind 207 (5th ed. 1936) (law's
relationship to "social engineering").





n24.  Nancy Grey Osterud & Lu Ann Jones, "If I Must Say So Myself": Oral
Histories of Rural Women, 17 Oral Hist. Rev. 1, 1 (1989).





n25.  Various university departments of women studies exist throughout the
nation, including: Dep't of Women Studies at Washington Univ.,
http://depts.washington.edu/webwomen (last visited Oct. 28, 2008); Gender &
Women's Studies at the Univ. of California, Berkeley,
http://womensstudies.berkeley.edu (last visited Oct. 28, 2008); Dep't of Women's
Studies at the Univ. of Maryland, http://www.womensstudies.umd.edu (last visited
Oct. 28, 2008); Dep't of Gender, Women, and Sexuality Studies at the Univ. of
Minnesota, http://gwss.umn.edu (last visited Oct. 28, 2008).





n26.  See, e.g., Osterud & Jones, supra note 24, at 1. ("Lena Porrier Legnon
grew up hard, the daughter of Cajun sugar cane plantation workers. After her
father died in 1932, she helped her mother support the family by hoeing corn and
picking cotton for wages."). See, e.g., Lillian Castillo-Speed, Chicana Studies:
A Selected List of Materials Since 1980, 11 Frontiers: J. Women Stud. 66 (1990);
Aida Hurtado, Sitios y Lenguas: Chicanas Theorize Feminisms, 13 Hypatia 134
(1998).





n27.  Rural studies commonly draw from legal formalism thereby emphasizing the
regulatory state. Accordingly, the focus is on the extensive legislation that
farmers confront. The list of regulations that farmers must adhere to is
extensive and beyond the scope of this essay. See, e.g., Environmental
Protection Agency, 7 U.S.C.A. § 136; The Occupational Safety & Health
Administration, 29 U.S.C.A. § 651. This dominance results in part from the
innumerable issues that stem from operating a farm. Enterprises might also
confront state driven environmental regulations, labor relationships, payment
systems, crop liens, health and safety, and animal handling regulations as
concerns. This dominance underscores the need for alternative mechanisms to feed
the nation in light of the externalities weighing heavily on women as both
producers and consumers.





n28.  See Erlanger, supra note 18 and accompanying text.





n29.  Within dominant legal studies, rural women are primarily subsumed within
the broader network of farmers. Until this year, census enumerations limited
enumeration to one individual as principal operator, thereby excluding married
female operators. This affected women farmers financially because their
enumerated status failed meeting USDA qualification standards when seeking
access to farm loans. For a discussion on the historical transition of the legal
status of farm wives, see Susan A. Schneider, Who Owns the Family Farm? The
Struggle to Determine the Property Rights of Farm Wives, 14 N. Ill. U. L. Rev.
689 (1994).





n30.  Joan M. Jensen, Promise to the Land: Essays on Rural Women 231, 234
(1991).





n31.  The heinous issue of slavery and the contributions of the Black community
to agriculture underscore this point. For a study that connects the economics of
cotton with the lynching of Blacks, see, e.g., E.M. Beck & Stewart E. Tolnay,
The Killing Fields of the Deep South: The Market for Cotton and the Lynching of
Blacks, 1882-1930, 55 Am. Soc. Rev. 526 (1990). For a brief history of Black
farming endeavors and the structures they faced that threatened their viability,
see Phyliss Craig-Taylor, African-American Farmers and the Fight for Survival:
The Continuing Examination for Insights into the Historical Genesis of This
Dilemma, 26 N.C. Cent. L.J. 21 (2003). To the nation's detriment, Black farmer
operators are on the decrease, unable to thwart the systemic ongoing trends that
are structurally removing them from their farm properties. This consequence
emphasizes the reality that this nation's food production system is increasing
less diverse. See, e.g., U.S. Dep't of Agric., National Agricultural Census
(2007), available at http://www.agcensus.usda.gov; Jenalia Moreno, Agriculture;
As Fewer African-Americans and Anglos Work the Land in the U.S., More Latinos
Step in as Operators; For Hispanics, Farming is a Growth Industry, Hous. Chron.,
Jan. 22, 2006, at A1.





n32.  See, e.g., T.C. McLuhan, Touch The Earth: A Self-Portrait of Indian
Existence (1971).





n33.  See, e.g., Renee Jacobs, Iroquois Great Law of Peace and the United States
Constitution: How the Founding Fathers Ignored the Clan Mothers, 16 Am. Indian
L. Rev. 497 (1991); Kathleen A. Ward, Before and After the White Man: Indian
Women, Property, Progress, and Power, 6 Conn. Pub. Int. L.J. 245 (2006-07).
Native Americans troubled relationship with the federal government compounds
their status in the agricultural sector. See, e.g., Cobell v. Norton, 283 F.
Supp. 2d 66 (D.D.C. 2003) (beneficiaries of individual Indian Money alleging
federal officials breached fiduciary duties); Darla J. Mondou, The American
Indian Agricultural Resource Management Act: Does the Winters Water Bucket Have
a Hole in It?, 3 Drake J. Agric. L. 381 (1998).





n34.  See, e.g., Vine Deloria, Jr., God Is Red: A Native View of Religion
(1994).





n35.  See, e.g., Women and Power in Native North America (Laura F. Klein &
Lillian A. Ackerman eds., 1995).





n36.  See, e.g., Andrew Sluyter, Colonialism and Landscape in the Americas:
Material/Conceptual Transformations and Continuing Consequences, 91 Annals of
the Assoc. of Am. Geographers 410 (2001).





n37.  See, e.g., Lobato v. Taylor, 70 P.3d 1152 (Colo. 2003) (action by
successors to original settlers of Mexican land grant against landowner who
fenced adjoining mountain property, seeking rights of access for hunting,
fishing, timbering, and recreation); see also Placido G. Gomez, Bringing Reason
and History onto the Same Page: Lobato v. Taylor and the Struggle over the
Common Lands of Spanish and Mexican Land Grants, 17 St. Thomas L. Rev. 83
(2004).





n38.  See Homestead Act of 1862, 7 U.S.C.§§301-308 (2001) (30,000 acre grants
per senator and congressional representative to each state for settlement
purposes). Preemption laws also benefited settlements on former Indian and
Mexican domain. See, e.g., An Act to Extend Preemption Rights to Certain Lands
Therein Mentioned, ch. 143, 10 Stat. 244 (1853). Congress also responded to
squatters in their demand for further legislation. See, e.g., Christian G.
Fritz, Politics and the Courts: The Struggle over Land in San Francisco,
1846-1866, 26 Santa Clara L. Rev. 127, 135-36 (1986).





n39.  Squatters' demands promoted "squatter sovereignty" with resultant
favorable legislation. See Donald J. Pisani, Squatter Law in California,
1850-1856, 25 W. Hist. Q. 277, 285 (1994).





n40.  For a historical background of the Reclamation Act, see e.g., Cal. v.
United States, 438 U.S. 645 (1978); John Opie, The Law of the Land: Two Hundred
Years of American Farmland Policy (1987).





n41.  Taylor Grazing Act, 43 U.S.C.A. § 315 (West 2007).





n42.  See, e.g., Botiller v. Dominguez, 130 U.S. 238 (1889) (attempt to recover
possession of "Rancho Las Virgenes," a tract of land given by grant of the
government of Mexico).





n43.  Compare the losses of small and independent farm ownership of the 1930s
and its attendant declining rates with farm ownership in the present. The
ongoing losses have surfaced in widespread investigations concerned with the
loss of diverse food production. See, e.g., Lobao & Meyer, supra note 2.





n44.  See, e.g., William Henry Bishop, Old Mexico and Her Lost Provinces (1883).





n45.  Gloria Ricci Lothrop, Rancheras and the Land: Women and Property Rights in
Hispanic California, 76 S. Calif. Q. 59, 59 (1994). For an analysis of property
ownership in marital common law relationships and its implications on female
ownership, see Schneider, supra note 29.





n46.  See, e.g., Airhart v. Massieu, 98 U.S. 492, 492-93 (1871) (Anna Massieu
inheriting property from her mother); United States v. Castro, 25 F. Cas. 329
(N.D. Cal. 1859) (appeal by United States challenging former Mexican, Indian,
and Spanish women holding properties in the previous Mexican territories).





n47.  See, e.g., Janet Lecompte, The Independent Women of Hispanic New Mexico,
1821-1846, 12 W. Hist. Q. 17, 27 (1981).





n48.  J.N. Bowman, Prominent Women in Provincial California, Hist. Soc'y Calif.
Q. 37, 45 (1957). Chicanas' contributions outside of law remains vibrant and
ranges beyond legal studies to include inter alia oral histories, politics, and
a realm of multidisciplinary literature in exposing the colonialization of the
period.





n49.  Lothrop, supra note 45, at 67.





n50.  Juan Gomez-Quinones, Roots of Chicano Politics, 1600-1940 243 (1994).





n51.  See Treaty of Peace, Friendship, Limits, and Settlement with the Republic
of Mexico, Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, U.S.-Mex., Feb. 2, 1848, 9 Stat. 922,
930. The issue of property forfeiture stems from my earlier studies on the
U.S.-Mexico war. See, e.g., Guadalupe T. Luna, Legal Realism and the Treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo: A Fractionalized Legal Template, 2005 Wis. L. Rev. 519
(2005). See also Phillip B. Gonzales, Struggle for Survival: The Hispanic Land
Grants of New Mexico, 1848-2001, 77 Agric. Hist. 293 (2003); Clark S. Knowlton,
Violence in New Mexico: A Sociological Perspective, 58 Cal. L. Rev. 1054 (1970);
Tom I. Romero, II, The "Tri-Ethnic" Dilemma, Race, Equality, and the Fourteenth
Amendment in the American West, 13 Temp. Pol. & Civ. Rts. L. Rev. 817, 823
(2004) (analyzing in part the squatters' rights that Congress recognized); Paul
S. Taylor, Public Policy and the Shaping of Rural Society, 20 S.D. L. Rev. 475
(1975).





n52.  Treaty of Peace, Friendship, Limits, and Settlement with the Republic of
Mexico, Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, U.S.-Mex., Feb. 2, 1848, 9 Stat. 922, 930.





n53.  United States v. Castro, 25 F. Cas. 329 (N.D. Calif. 1859).





n54.  The supremacy of the Peace Agreement is difficult to reconcile with the
California Land Act of 1851 and its contrary covenants that accelerated third
party challenges against the women and others holding property in fee simple
absolute. An Act to Ascertain and Settle the Private Land Claims in the State of
California, 31 Cong. Ch. 41, 9 Stat. 631 (1851). See also Douglas W. Allen,
Homesteading and Property Rights: or, "How the West Was Really Won," 34 J.L. &
Econ. 1 (1991).





n55.  See, e.g., Chabolla v. United States, 5 F. Cas. 387, 387-88 (N.D. Cal.
1855) (giving land to squatters); Arnoldo de Leon, They Called Them Greasers,
Anglo Attitudes Towards Mexicans in Texas, 1821-1900 (1983); Deena J. Gonzalez,
The Widowed Women of Santa Fe: Assessments on the Lives of an Unmarried
Population, 1850-1880, in Unequal Sisters: A Multi-Cultural Reader in U.S.
Women's History 34-35 (Ellen Carol DuBois & Vicki L. Ruiz eds., 2000); Lisbeth
Haas, Conquests and Historical Identities in California 1769-1936 (1995).





n56.  U.S. General Accounting Office, Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo: Findings and
Possible Options Regarding Longstanding Community Land Grant Claims in New
Mexico, GAO-04-059 (June 2004), available at
http://www.gao.gov/new.items/d0459.pdf (enumerating losses and lack of
accountability over governmental failure to protect the property holders).





n57.  See, e.g., Arguello v. United States, 59 U.S. 539, 550 (1855) (Daniel, J.,
dissenting) (criticizing failure to recognize "laws ... in force ... at the time
of the acquisition"); Mario Barrera, Race and Class in the Southwest: A Theory
of Racial Inequality (1979); Bishop, supra note 44; Carey McWilliams, North From
Mexico: The Spanish-Speaking People of the United States 52 (Louis Adamic ed.,
1949).





n58.  See, e.g., H.J. Lipscomb et al., Musculoskeletal Symptoms Among Poultry
Processing Workers and a Community Comparison Group: Black Women in Low Wage
Jobs in the Rural South, 50 Am. J. Ind. Med. 327 (2007); Hester J. Lipscomb,
Safety Is On The line for Workers, News & Observer (Raleigh, N.C.), Feb. 29,
2008, at A19 (three year study of women in poultry plant); Research from Wake
Forest University Has Provided New Data on Psychology, Mental Health Wkly. Dig.,
Aug. 27, 2007, at 226 (Latino immigrants in poultry industry).





n59.  The vast realm of farm worker women leading and working for transformation
in their working conditions extends beyond the intent of this essay. See, e.g.,
Gustavo Arellano, Gunkist Oranges, OC Weekly, June 8, 2006 (summarizing the
brutality and violence employed in the June 15, 1936, strike for improved wages
and conditions). The author recounts what the Mexican women participants and
other workers confronted and the use of extreme police force tactics to stymie
their efforts. At one point the sheriff ordered his deputies for example to
"Shoot to Kill" the strikers. Id. The recent death of teenage farm worker Maria
Isabel Vazquez Jimenez who perished from heatstroke in a California vineyard
underscores some of the conditions farm laborers continue to confront. For an
account of her death, see http://www.ufw.org/ board.php?mode=view&b
code=hotissue&b no=4304 (last visited Nov. 24, 2008).





n60.  See National Labor Relations Act, 29 U.S.C.A. § 152 (2008).





n61.  I extend and apply Camille Nelson's theory from the criminal law
framework. Camille A. Nelson, Multicultural Feminism: Assessing Systemic Fault
in a Provocative Context, 17 U. Fla. J.L. & Pub. Pol'y 263 (2006).





n62.  USDA, Civil Rights at the United States Department of Agriculture, A
Report by the Civil Rights Action Team, 3 (1997) [hereinafter CRAT Report]. See
also Management of Civil Rights at the U.S. Department of Agriculture: Hearing
before the Comm. on Oversight & Gov't Reform, 109th Cong. (May 14, 2008); Racial
Discrimination Claims and African American Farmer Benefits: Hearing before the
House Judiciary Comm., 107th Cong. (June 21, 2007).





n63.  Elizabeth Jameson, Women as Workers, Women as Civilizers: True Womanhood
in the American West, in The Women's West 145 (Susan Armitage & Elizabeth
Jameson eds., 1987). See also Jane Adams, Resistance to "Modernity": Southern
Illinois Farm Women and the Cult of Domesticity, 20 Am. Ethnologist 89 (1993).





n64.  Osterud & Jones, supra note 24, at 22.





n65.  Id.





n66.  See Kimberly A. Zeuli & Robert P. King, Gender Differences in Farm
Management, 20 Rev. of Agric. Econ. 513 (1998). Compare Anne B. Effland et al.,
Women as Agricultural Landowners: What Do We Know About Them?, 67 Agric. Hist.
235 (1993) with Sonya Salamon & Ann Mackey Keim, Land Ownership and Women's
Power in a Midwestern Farming Community, 41 J. Marriage & Fam. 109 (1979).





n67.  See Women in Blue Jeans Conference, http://www.womeninbluejeans.org (last
visited Oct. 28, 2008).





n68.  See, e.g., Alan Hall & Veronika Mogyorody, Organic Farming, Gender, and
the Labor Process, 72 Rural Soc. 289-90 (2007); Shar Porier, Southern Women Take
Reins in Ranching, AP Alert (AZ), May 7, 2008 (Starlene Moore and Cindy
Whitehead growing Bermuda grass and planting alfalfa fields and variety of crops
on their ranch).





n69.  The nation's farm bills extend to dominant commodity production and they
receive a wide berth of federal funds. Women, in contrast, engage in specialty
or niche crop production without access to guaranteed price supports. For an
example of a favored commodity, see Remy Jurenas, Sugar Policy and the 2007 Farm
Bill, CRS Report for Congress RL34103 (July 25, 2007), available at
http://assets.openers.com/rpts/RL34103 20070725.pdf (guaranteed minimum price
for inter alia growers of sugar cane and sugar beets); Robert A. Hoppe & David
E. Banker, Structure and Finances of U.S. Farms: 2005 Family Farm Report, USDA,
Econ. Info. Bull. No. 12 (2005), available at
http://www.ers.usda.gov/publications/EIB12/EIB12fm.pdf.





n70.  Haney, supra note 1, at 799.





n71.  It is most difficult to reconcile the promises of the Treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo and the legal rights that applied to those incorporated in the newly
annexed territories following the U.S. war against the Mexican Republic with the
vast realm of federal agricultural legislation that squandered and diminished
the rights of the promissees. See supra pp. 11-15.





n72.  See, e.g., Leonard pitt, The Decline of the Californios: A Social History
of the Spanish-Speaking Californians, 1846-1890 (1966); David Montejano, Anglos
and Mexicans in the Making of Texas, 1836 - 1986 (1987).





n73.  Indigenous California sustained three different conquests that spanned the
Spanish period, the Mexican period and, ultimately, the United States governance
over the Southwest. For the challenges Indigenous California confronted, see,
e.g., Contested Eden: California Before the Gold Rush (Ramon A. Gutierrez &
Richard J. Orsi eds., 1998). The wide scale theft of native land is beyond the
scope of this essay. For further discussion, see generally Nw. Bands of Shoshone
Indians v. United States, 324 U.S. 335 (1945) (action to recover damages for the
taking of land). The conquest of Indigenous territories also took on extra legal
methods under the guise of "legality." See generally Native American Testimony:
A Chronicle of Indian-White Relations from Prophecy to the Present, 1492-1992
343 (Peter Nabokov ed., 1991) (result of government dam building and pressuring
tribal leader into "signing away Missouri River frontage" long held in
occupation by Indian groups).





n74.  See, e.g., Botiller v. Dominguez, 130 U.S. 238 (1889) (discussing
squatters on the property of Mrs. Dominguez and the lack of protection from the
Treaty that ended the war between the two republics). Federal preemption laws in
addition to rural legislation cited throughout this essay also prevented holding
onto their properties. Id. For one example, but not involving women, see United
States v. Martinez, 184 U.S. 441 (1902).





n75.  See, e.g., Botiller, 130 U.S. 238 (challenging congressional act that
breached the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo).





n76.  Various coalitions, group based activities, and litigation have been
detrimentally affected by legal and extra legal maneuvers. See, e.g., Garcia v.
Johanns, 444 F.3d 625 (D.C. Cir. 2006) (involving Hispanic farm owners);
Coalicion Rural Coalition, http://www.ruralco.org (last visited Sept. 30, 2008)
(Farm and Food Policy Diversity Initiative of the 2007 Farm Bill).





n77.  Garcia, 444 F.3d 625.





n78.  To their detriment, and until recent additions, their stories and
engagement within the rural and urban spheres remain primarily on the outside of
formal studies. For example, their relationship to the nation's agricultural
agenda is difficult to discern, as it is commonly located in non-law journals.
See, e.g., Devon G. Pena, Indigenous Diaspora Farmers in a Struggle For
Autonomy, the Los Angeles Urban Core, Earth First!, Jan. 1, 2008, at 16.





n79.  Garcia, 444 F.3d at 626. For the plaintiffs' demands, affidavits, legal
transcripts and orders, see http://www.garciaclassaction.org (last visited Oct.
28, 2008).





n80.  See CRAT Report, supra note 62, at 3 (USDA held "listening sessions... in
11 locations across the country to hear from customers - especially socially
disadvantaged and minority farmers - and from USDA employees.").





n81.  Id. at 4. During the USDA sessions "[a] white female farmer said that the
"single largest problem for women is to be taken seriously by the financial
community.'" Id. at 6.





n82.  Id. ("Farmers say that USDA's Managers are not held accountable for their
actions.").





n83.  See Pigford v. Glickman, 206 F.3d 1212 (D.C. Cir. 2000) (approved debt
relief award of $ 2 billion plus monetary payments to certified class of 20,000
African Americans alleging racial discrimination in access to federal farm loans
for a period spanning 25 years). The issue of collecting, however, proves their
remedy elusive, requiring a measure of relief in the 2008 Farm Bill. See supra
note 118. The issue of Black displacement is also contemplated but must be left
for further analysis to ensure complete discussion. See, e.g., Phyliss
Craig-Taylor, To Be Free: Liberty, Citizenship, Property, and Race, 14 Harv.
BlackLetter L.J. 45 (1998) (exploring the historical interplay between society,
discrimination, judicial decisions, and legislation affecting accumulation of
property in the African American community).





n84.  Stephen R. Vina & Tadlock Cowan, The Pigford Case: USDA Settlement of a
Discrimination Suit by Black Farmers, CRS Report for Congress RS20430 (Dec.
2005), available at http://www.nationalaglawcenter.org/assets/crs/RS20430.pdf.





n85.  See Id.; Monica M. Clark, So Near, Yet So Far: The Past, Present, and
Future of the Complaints Process Within the USDA, 32 S.U. L. Rev. 139 (2004-05).





n86.  Garcia involved both male and female plaintiffs.  Garcia v. Johanns, 444
F.3d 625 (D.C. Cir. 2006). The USDA declares it is reaching out to minority and
women farmers. See, e.g., USDA Farm Service Agency, Hispanic American Outreach
Program, http://www.fsa.usda.gov/FSA/webapp?area=home&subject=oued&topic=ops-ha
(last visited Nov. 24, 2008). Nevertheless, micro loans will not prevent
forfeitures without structural changes in the farm bills and its distributive
network.





n87.  Veneman, 224 F.R.D. 240 (D.D.C. 2004).





n88.  Love v. Johanns, 439 F.3d 723 (D.C. Cir. 2006) [hereinafter Johanns].





n89.  Compare id. at 723; Garcia, 444 F.3d at 626; Veneman, 224 F.R.D. at 241
with C.F.R. § 15.3 Discrimination Prohibited (2004). See also U.S. General
Accounting Office, Dep't of Agric., Hispanic and Other Minority Farmers Would
Benefit from Improvements in Operation of the Civil Rights Program, GAO-02-1124T
(Sept. 25, 2002), available at http://www.gao.gov/new.items/d021124t.pdf.





n90.  Johanns, 439 F.3d at 723; Veneman, 224 F.R.D. at 241.





n91.  Veneman, 224 F.R.D. at 240; Garcia, 444 F.3d at 626; Johanns, 439 F.3d at
723.





n92.  CRAT Report, supra note 62, at 21.





n93.  Johanns, 439 F.3d. at 728-29.





n94.  Id. at 729.





n95.  Id.





n96.  Id.





n97.  Id.





n98.  Interestingly enough, a motion made by Native Americans seeking class
certification for the same discrimination allegations against the USDA
succeeded.  Keepseagle v. Johanns, 236 F.R.D. 1 (D.D.C. 2006). For more
information on this case, see http://www.cmht.com/cases keepseagle.php (last
visited Nov. 24, 2008).





n99.  Demands of the Latino/Hispanic Farmers and Ranchers,
http://www.garciaclassaction.org/Natl%20Assn%20Latino-Hispanic%20FarmersRanchers
/REV%20Demands.htm (last visited Oct. 24, 2008).





n100.  See, e.g., http://www.garciaclassaction.org/declarations.htm (last
visited Nov. 17, 2008). See also U.S. General Accounting Office, supra note 89.





n101.  See, e.g., Statement of Lupe Garcia before Committee on Agriculture,
Subcommittee on Departmental Operations, 3-7 (Sept 25, 2002), available at
http://www.garciaclassaction.org/declarations/Statement of Lupe Garcia
09-25-2002.pdf (testimony of lead plaintiff in Garcia).





n102.  See, e.g., id. at 5.





n103.  Declaration of Maria de Lourdes Gonzalez P 2 (Mar. 26, 2002), available
at http://www.garciaclassaction.org/Gonzalez, Maria de Lourdes 03-26-02.pdf.





n104.  Id. P 3. The timing of loans is critical because of the demand of
planting seasons and harvest of crops is limited and dependent on the
environment of a particular region.





n105.  Id. P 4.





n106.  Id. P 7.





n107.  Id. P 8. The FSA references Farm Service Agency offices. See, e.g., 7
C.F.R. § 1942 (2008); Johanns, 439 F.3d 723, 723 (D.C. Cir. 2006).





n108.  Declaration of Gonzalez, supra note 103, P 8.





n109.  Id.





n110.  Id.





n111.  Id. P 11.





n112.  Id. P 19.





n113.  Lon L. Fuller, The Forms and Limits of Adjudication, 92 Harv. L. Rev.
353, 357 (1978) (also describing adjudication as a manner of regulating and
governing human relations).





n114.  See, e.g., Hoffman & Norton, supra note 5.





n115.  Willard W. Cochrane, The Development of American Agriculture (1993);
Charles M. Hardin, American Agriculture, 20 Rev. of Pol. 196 (1959).





n116.  William Hefferman, Agriculture and Monopoly Capital, 50 Monthly Rev. 46,
53 (1998) ("Vertical integration occurs when a firm increases ownership and
control of a number of stages in a commodity system.").





n117.  For a rare example with an emphasis on the farm bill's impact on women,
see Nick J. Sciullo, "This Woman's Work" in a "Man's World": A Feminist Analysis
of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002, 28 Whittier L. Rev. 709
(2006) (includes international effects flowing from the farm bills). For women
laborers, other issues compound the complexities of their working environments.
See, e.g., Amanda Clark, A Hometown Dilemma: Addressing the Sexual Harassment of
Undocumented Women in Meatpacking Plants in Iowa and Nebraska, 16 Hastings
Women's L.J. 139 (2004); Maria M. Dominguez, Sex Discrimination & Sexual
Harassment in Agricultural Labor, 6 Am. U. J. Gender & L. 231 (1997).





n118.  These include the wide and significant federal regulation of food
production, inter alia, a broad range of price support and management. See the
nation's farm bills as to its scope and intrusiveness in the rural sector. For
example, the farm bills are divided into separate Titles. Title IV of the 2002
farm bill encompasses four subtitles regarding nutrition. Other chapters
include, inter alia, Conservation, Credit, Rural Development, and Research. Farm
Security and Rural Investment Act, Pub. L. No. 107-171 (2002). Since this
presentation, a new farm bill has since emerged, notwithstanding the threat of a
presidential veto. The Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008, Pub. L.
110-234 (2008).





n119.  For a comparison of sustainable farm operations with larger conventional
farms, see, e.g., John Horton, Amish Profits Beat Modern Farms, Plain Dealer
(Cleveland, OH), June 5, 2003, at C1.





n120.  See, e.g., Elizabeth Williamson, USDA drops "Hungry' from Annual Report,
San Francisco Chron., Nov. 16, 2006, at A6. Compare ERS/USDA Briefing Room, Food
Security in the United States, http://www.ers.usda.gov/Briefing/FoodSecurity
(last visited Sept. 28, 2008) ("Eleven percent of nation food insecure at some
time") with Gary Bickel et al., USDA, Measuring Food Security in the United
States, Guide to Measuring Household Food Security (2000), available at
http://www.fns.usda.gov/fsec/FILES/FSGuide.pdf.





n121. " Food deserts" are urban environments that lack access to nutritional
food. See, e.g., Mari Gallagher Research & Consulting Group, Examining the
Impact of Food Deserts on Public Health in Chicago (2006), available at
http://www.marigallagher.com/site media/dynamic/project files/1
ChicagoFoodDesertReport-Full .pdf; Guadalupe T. Luna, The New Deal and Food
Insecurity in the "Midst of Plenty," 9 Drake J. of Agric. L. 213 (2004).





n122.  Without access to viable alternatives, inner city residents rely on fast
food outlets for their major nutrients. See, e.g., Andrea Freeman, Fast Food:
Oppression Through Poor Nutrition, 95 Cal. L. Rev. 2221 (2007); Pelman v.
McDonald's Corp., 396 F.3d 508 (2d Cir. 2005) (parents alleging that owner
deceptively represented nutritional benefits of restaurants' food).





n123.  See, e.g., Iowa Food Security, Insecurity, and Hunger, Rural Food Access
Patterns: Elderly Open-Country and In Town Residents (2004), available at
http://www.extension.iastate.edu/Publications/SP236.pdf (difficulties and issues
of rural population loss and the impact of aging on local rural residents and
connections to access).





n124.  Consumer illness outbreaks from food contaminants occur frequently. See,
e.g., Center for Disease Control Data, http://www.cdc.gov/foodsafety (last
visited Oct. 28, 2008) (providing food illness updates). Bovine spongiform
encephalopathy also provides a major concern for consumers. Compare Andrew
Martin, Humane Society Sues U.S. in Cattle Case, N.Y. Times, Feb. 28, 2008
(non-ambulatory cattle possibly entering the food chain for consumption) with
Engler v. Winfrey 201 F.3d 680 (5th Cir. 2000) (when consumers react to food
safety issues).





n125.  See USDA Food Safety and Nutrition Service, Food Safety,
http://www.fns.usda.gov/fns/food safety.htm (last visited Sept. 30, 2008) (links
for consumer information and listing procedures for recall information and
complaint filings).





n126.  See, e.g., David Brown, USDA Orders Largest Recall in U.S. History, Wash.
Post, Feb. 18, 2008, at A1; Salmonella Tied to Cereal Sickens 23, Chic. Trib,
Apr. 13, 2007, at 9.





n127.  See, e.g., Lisa Shames, Safety of Food Supply, Cong. Testimony, Apr. 25,
2007 (comparing the voluntary recall of unsafe food products with the recall
authority permitted for "toys and automobile tires").





n128.  Id. See also Donna V. Porter & Sarah A. Lister, Food Safety: Federal and
State Response to the Spinach E.coli Outbreak, CRS Report for Congress, RL33722
(Nov. 13, 2006), available at
http://www.nationalaglawcenter.org/assets/crs/RL33722.pdf (also noting delays
between "advising" public of tainted food products and the testing of the source
for verification purposes).





n129.  Porter & Lister, supra note 128. Although there may be "success stories"
as to the measure of food protection, the issue of dwindling financial resources
is proving injurious to the food supply and consumers. See, e.g., Shames, supra
note 127 ("Each year 76 million people contract a food borne illness...about 35
require hospitalization, and about 5,000 die... ."); Henry A. Waxman, FDA
Mission, Cong. Testimony, May 2, 2007 ("Signs of trouble at the FDA ... The
agency is under-funded, relying on a steadily shrinking budget to tackle a
rapidly expanding list of responsibilities in fact... FDA's entire budget for
fiscal year 2007 is less than the budget for the Montgomery County school system
in the same year."); Stephen J. Hodges, Milk Issue Not Black and White, Chic.
Trib., Apr. 22, 2008, at A3.





n130.  See, e.g., USDA Food Safety, supra note 125.





n131.  For a general framework of what types of agri-industries benefit from
federal subsidies, see, e.g., Farming: Farm Subsidies: Environmental Working
Group, http://www.ewg.org/featured/8 (last visited Sept. 28, 2008). See also
Windy City Meat Co., Inc. v. U.S. Dep't of Agric., 926 F.2d 672 (7th Cir. 1991)
(criminal liability generally attaches if food safety is compromised through
bribery of food inspectors).





n132.  See, e.g., Press Release, Envtl. Working Group, FDA Cites Discredited
Industry Science in Justifying High Levels of Contaminants in Infant Formula
(Mar. 21, 2008), available at www.ewg.org/node/26202. Debate over farm bills is
highly divisive and politicized. See, e.g., Andrew Martin, Mixing Milk and
Politics, Chic. Trib., Sept. 25, 2004, at A1 (maximizing votes in key dairy
states by "keeping milk prices high" throughout election).





n133.  The Child Nutrition Act, 42 U.S.C.A. § 1786 (2003).





n134.  One divisive area includes reconciling the cost of nutrition programs
with the expense of the farm commodity programs. See, e.g., Rep. Rosa DeLauro
Holds a Hearing on the Budget for the USDA's Food and Nutrition Service, FDCH,
Mar. 8, 2007.





n135.  See, e.g., Qualifying regulations of the Food Stamp Act of 1964, 7 C.F.R.
§§273.4, 273.9 (2008) (income & eligibility requirements); Lyng v. Castillo, 477
U.S. 635, 636 (1986) (what constitutes a qualifying household); Richmond Welfare
Rights Org. v. Snodgrass, 525 F.2d 197 (9th Cir. 1975) (school officials
challenging statute, arguing that they did not have to provide free lunch to all
eligible children); Joe Richardson, Food Stamps and Nutrition Programs in the
2002 Farm Bill, CRS Report for Congress RL33690 (Oct. 12, 2006), available at
http://www.nationalaglawcenter.org/assets/crs/RL33690.pdf (whether spending or
budget cuts deemed "subject of negotiation and contention" and noting criticism
of activists charging eligibility hassles).





n136.  USDA, County Committee Elections,
http://www.fsa.usda.gov/FSA/webapp?area=newsroom&subject=landing&topic=cce (last
visited Sept. 30, 2008). See also E.C. Young, The Function of Credit in Modern
Agriculture, 23 J. Farm Econ. 52 (1941).





n137.  USDA Farm Service Agency, Fact Sheet: County Committee Election (Apr.
2008), available at http://www.fsa.usda.gov/Internet/FSA File/cocelect.pdf.





n138.  See id.





n139.  Other Midwestern states had similar amounts. USDA Farm Service Agency,
County Committee Election Results 6 (2006), available at
http://www.fsa.usda.gov/Internet/FSA File/2006electionresults.pdf. See also
William Kandel, Rural Hispanics At A Glance, Economic Information Bulletin 8
(Dec. 2005), available at http://www.ers.usda.gov/publications/EIB8/eib8.pdf
(The USDA employs the term "Hispanic" as referencing "... those individuals who
identified themselves as "Spanish' of "Hispanic Origin' or "Latino' ... " on
past census enumerations); USDA Economic Research Service, Rural Population and
Migration: Trend 5 - Diversity Increases in Nonmetro America,
http://www.ers.usda.gov/Briefing/Population/Diversity.htm (last visited Oct. 20,
2008) ("Hispanics and Asians are the fastest growing minority groups ... in
nonmetro areas."). Minorities accounted for 18 percent of the nonmetro
population in 2005: Blacks constituted 8.4 percent of the nonmetro population
while Hispanics rated at 6.3 percent. Id.





n140.  See, e.g., Johanns, 439 F.3d 723 (D.C. Cir. 2006).





n141.  See id.





n142.  See id. See also Veneman, 224 F.R.D. 240 (D.D.C. 2004); Garcia v.
Johanns, 444 F.3d 625 (D.C. Cir. 2006).





n143.  See Veneman, 224 F.R.D. 240; Garcia, 444 F.3d 625 (D.C. Cir. 2004);
Johanns, 439 F.3d 723.





n144.  The range of legislation and regulations regarding federal farm loan
programs is extensive and beyond the intent of this essay. See, e.g., Grains
Standards and Warehouse Act of 2000, Pub. L. No. 106-472 (2000). For a
comparative assessment of farm bill costs see, e.g., Ralph M. Chite, Farm Bill
Budget and Costs: 2002 vs. 2007, CRS Report for Congress RS22694 (Jan. 29,
2008), available at www.nationalaglawcenter.org/assets/cr/RS22694.pdf (excludes
discretionary appropriations).





n145.  See Susan V. Iverson, Now is the Time for Change: Reframing Diversity
Planning at Land-Grant Universities, 46 J. Extension (2008), available at
http://www.joe.org/joe/2008february/a3p.shtml ("Not all sectors of society have
benefited equally", including Blacks and women as two groups underrepresented in
agriculture).





n146.  See Frank, supra note 23.





n147.  Penni Korb, Women Farmers in Transition, in Structural and Financial
Characteristics of U.S. Farms: 2004 Family Farm Report, AIB797, at 63 (David E.
Banker & James M. MacDonald eds., 2005), available at
http://www.ers.usda.gov/publications/aib797/aib797h.pdf. In one rare instance,
Ann Veneman served as the Secretary of Agriculture. Currently at the state
level, less than six state agricultural commissioners or directors are female.
They include Sandra Lee Kunimoto (Hawaii); Celia R. Gould (Idaho); Rebecca S.
Skillman (Indiana); Lorraine S. Merrill (New Hampshire); and Katy Coba (Oregon).





n148.  Haya El Nasser, Women, Hispanics Put New Face on U.S. Farming, USA Today,
July 19, 2004, at 1A. See also Michelle Koetters, Women are Now Farming up New
Careers, Pantagraph (Bloomington, Ill.), Oct. 29, 2007.





n149.  Hoffman & Norton, supra note 5.





n150.  See Steven M. Schnell, Food with a Farmer's Face: Community-Supported
Agriculture in the United States, 97 Geographical Rev. 450 (2007); AP Alert,
Arkansas Immigrants' Appetite For Goat Feeding Ranchers (June 19, 2005). The
article details Nancy Edgerly's Wilver Hill Farms in the Ozark Mountains where
she is raising South African Boer goats and Boer crosses that are sought after
by Muslim families. Latinos also favor young goat meat, "cabrito", but supply
cannot meet demand, thus obligating imports. Id.





n151.  See, e.g., Kandel, supra note 139; National Immigrant Farming Initiative,
http://www.immigrantfarming.org (last visited Oct. 29, 2008).





n152.  See Kandel, supra note 139 (reporting that nonmetro Hispanics are
transitioning to new rural spaces as one example of migration from both
immigrant and domestic based shifts).





n153.  The forthcoming agricultural census pledged to enumerate everyone and
recent changes includes three categories of primary operators as opposed to
prior practices. See, e.g., USDA, NASS Census, available at
http://www.agcensus.usda.gov; Press Release, U.S. Dep't of Agric., Everyone
Counts in 2007 Census of Agriculture (Mar. 21, 2007), available
athttp://www.nass.usda.gov/Statistics by State/Louisiana/Publications/Census
Press Releases/News0308.pdf.





n154.  Kandel, supra note 139.





n155. " Young women are increasingly drawn to farming as a career, particularly
organic and sustainable operations that involve direct marketing and can be
profitable." Chris Parker, A New Breed of Farmer: Women Increasingly Take to the
Land, Find Unique Niche for Themselves, Morning Call (Allentown, PA), Oct. 17,
2007, at B1 (citing a Penn State study where women listed the following reasons
for wanting to farm: "love of nature, soil and farming; lifestyle choice;
healthy food production and food security; sustainability and self-sufficiency;
being raised on a farm; being outdoors; and community.").





n156.  See, e.g., Kent Mullinix et al., Latino Views on Agriculture, Careers and
Education: Dispelling the Myths, 50 NACTA J. 2 (2006).





n157.  The high costs of farm production increases risks drawing from a number
of issues. See, e.g., William D. McBride, Production Costs Critical to Farming
Decisions, 1 Amber Waves 38 (2003), available at
http://www.ers.usda.gov/AmberWaves/September03/pdf/featureproductionsept2003.pdf
. Direct farm payments and subsidies that protect farming operations during
difficult periods provide safe harbor for qualifying operations. To their
detriment, women and minority held operations have faced structural exclusion in
large part from their non-qualifying status to federal aid. See, e.g., CRAT
Report, supra note 62; Economic Res. Serv., Minority & Women Farmers in the
U.S., Agric. Outlook 16, 18 (1998), available at
http://www.ers.usda.gov/publications/agoutlook/may1998/ao251d.pdf
(characterization of women held farm difficult because of the wide variations of
operations).





n158.  See, e.g., El Nasser, supra note 148.





n159.  Id.





n160.  Id.





n161.  Id.; U.S. Dep't of Agric. Nat'l Agric. Stat. Serv., Counting Diversity in
American Agriculture, available at
http://www.agcensus.usda.gov/Publications/2002FINAL Counting Diversity in
American Ag.pdf.





n162.  El Nasser, supra note 148.





n163.  Hoffman & Norton, supra note 5.





n164.  Id.





n165.  Id.





n166.  Koetters, supra note 148.





n167.  Women were full owners of 6,215 farms, part owners of 911 farms, and
tenants of 227 farms in 2002. U.S. Dep't of Agric. Nat'l Agric. Stat. Serv.,
Women Principal Operators - Selected Farm Characteristics: 2002 and 1997 tbl.
48, available at http://www.nass.usda.gov/census/census02/volume1/wi/st55 1 048
048.pdf.





n168.  U.S. Dep't of Agric. Nat'l Agric. Stat. Serv., Spanish, Hispanic or
Latino Origin Principal Operators - Selected Farm Characteristics: 2002 and 1997
tbl. 49, available at http://www.nass.usda.gov/census/census02/volume1/wi/st55 1
049 049.pdf.





n169.  U.S. Dep't of Agric. Nat'l Agric. Stat. Serv., Women Operators - Selected
Operator Characteristics: 2002 and 1997 tbl. 53, available at
http://www.nass.usda.gov/census/census02/volume1/mi/st26 1 053 054.pdf; Spanish,
Hispanic, or Latino Origin Operators - Selected Operator Characteristics: 2002
and 1997 tbl. 54, available at
http://www.nass.usda.gov/census/census02/volume1/mi/st26 1 053 054.pdf.





n170.  El Nasser, supra note 148.





n171.  Hoffman & Norton, supra note 5.





n172.  Id.





n173.  Id.





n174.  Generally, the status of Midwestern Chicana/os in agriculture is
infrequently examined. For one of the few inquiries, see Lionel Cantu, The
Peripheralization of Rural America: A Case Study of Latino Migrants in America's
Heartland, 38 Soc. Persp. 399 (1995).





n175.  See, e.g., Spanish, Hispanic or Latino Origin Principal Operators, supra
note 168.





n176.  U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency, Hispanic American
Outreach Program,
http://www.fsa.usda.gov/FSA/webapp?area=home&subject=oued&topic=ops-ha (last
visited Oct. 19, 2008).





n177.  Ellen Dougherty & Krissy Young, Hispanic Farmers Represent a Growing
Sector of U.S. Agriculture, Nat'l Agric. Stat. Serv., Oct. 13, 2005,
http://www.nass.usda.gov/Newsroom/2005/10 13 2005.asp.





n178.  For example, urban gardens are vulnerable to the sale of vacant land to
developers. In an unreported decision, a group of urban farmers was ejected,
stymied by the developer's superior title in the property as purchased from the
City. See, e.g., S. Cent. Farmers Feeding Families v. City of L.A., B196906,
2008 Cal. App. LEXIS 7798 (2d App. Dist. Sept. 30, 2008).





n179.  S. Cent. Farmers Feeding Families, 2008 Cal. App. LEXIS 7798, at 13.





n180.  The groups represented include those constituting ancestries from
Conjobal, Tojolobal, Triqui, Tzeltal, Yaqui, Nahuatl, Zapotec, as well as
Chicanas. Pena, supra note 78. See also Barbara Deutsch Lynch, The Garden and
the Sea: U.S. Latino Environmental Discourses and Mainstream Environmentalism,
40 Soc. Probs. 108 (1993); Devon G. Pena, Third-Space Farmers, Vision Mag., Nov.
5, 2007, available at http://www.50mmlosangeles.com/viewStory.php?storyId=227.





n181.  Pena, supra note 180.





n182.  Id.





n183.  See, e.g., Mary Ann Liebert, Safety of Food from Animal Clones, Final
Risk Assessment, 27 Biotechnology L. Rep. 141 (2008).





n184.  S. Cent. Farmers Feeding Families, 2008 Cal. App. LEXIS 7798, at 3-4.





n185.  Id. at 13.





n186.  Food justice is defined as "people being able to have control of their
own access to food." Amberly Richardson, Panel Discusses Food Justice, Poly Post
via U. Wire, Nov. 22, 2006 (quoting Justin Valone).





n187.  Wendy Huber, Lavender Fields Forever: Modest Beginning Grows to 10 Acres,
Spokesman-Rev. (Spokane, WA), July 24, 2007, available at
http://www.spokesmanreview.com/home/Outdoor/story.asp?ID=200722.





n188.  Until the new census is released evidentiary data is gleaned from reports
and interviews of women farmers. See, e.g., Anne B. W. Effland et al., Economic
Res. Serv., Minority & Women Farmers In the U.S., Agricultural Outlook 16 (May
1998); Julia Moskin, Women Find their Place in the Field, N.Y. Times, June 1,
2005; Mary Pickels, Female Farmers Face Challenges and Reap Benefits, Trib.-Rev.
(Greensburg, Pa.), June 17, 2007; Jeffrey Collins, Female Farmers Thrive Just
Like Other Career Women, Augusta Chron., Oct. 12, 2003.





n189.  See, e.g., CRAT Report, supra note 64, at 21; Garcia v. Johanns, 444 F.3d
625 (D.C. Cir. 2006); Johanns, 439 F.3d 723 (D.C. Cir. 2006); Veneman, 224
F.R.D. 240 (D.D.C. 2004).





n190.  Crystal Neo, Farm Combine: Agricultural, Conservation Groups Discuss
Upcoming Ag Legislation, Columbia Daily Trib. (Columbia, MO), May 3, 2007
(quoting Chris Klenklen, state agricultural department representative responding
to concerns over women losing their farms to "predatory buyers" and lack of
assistance).





n191.  See, e.g., Women in Blue Jeans, supra note 67; Connecting Threads-Weaving
the Fabric of Agriculture: A Conference for Women Farmers,
http://www.datcp.state.wi.us/registration/wfarming.jsp (Wisconsin Farmers) (last
visited Oct. 27, 2008); 2008 Midwest Women in Agriculture Conference,
http://www.ces.purdue.edu/wia/conference.html (last visited Oct. 27, 2008).





n192.  See, e.g., Garcia, 444 F.3d 625; Johanns, 439 F.3d 723; Veneman, 224
F.R.D. 240.





n193.  See, e.g., Joy Powell, St. Paul: Immigrant Farm Conference; Helping our
New Farmers Take Root; Immigrant Farmers Bring Diverse Culture and Food to
Farmers' Markets, and a Conference this Week Aims to Help Them Succeed, Star.
Trib., (Minneapolis, MN), Mar. 5, 2008, at 1B (discussing Hmong-owned farms in
metropolitan area).





n194.  The USDA is reaching out, but without structural changes in the farm
bills, the viability of smaller independents does not diminish when contemplated
against industrial agriculture. See, e.g., Agriculture Secretary Johanns Awards
$ 5 Million to Assist Minority Farmers, Ranchers, U.S. Fed. News, Jan. 18, 2006.





n195.  See Nelson, supra note 61 and accompanying text.





n196.  See Mary Summers, Putting Populism Back In: Rethinking Agricultural
Politics and Policy, 70 Agric. Hist. 395 (1996).





n197.  Woman and Agriculture in the United States: A State of the Art
Assessment, in Towards a New Political Economy of Agriculture 326 (William H.
Friedland et al. eds., 1991).





n198.  See, e.g., Summers, supra note 196, at 398-401, 412; David E. Conrad, The
Forgotten Farmers: The Story of Sharecroppers in the New Deal 74-76 (1965).





n199.  See, e.g., Farmland Protection Policy, 7 U.S.C.A. § 4201 (2008).





n200. " Agriculture dates its New Deal year from March 16 [1933] when the
President called upon Congress to include relief for agriculture in its
emergency legislation." J. H. Kolb, Agriculture and Rural Life, 39 Am. J. Soc.
787, 787 (1934). This issue is addressed more completely in a forthcoming
article in which I analyze rural populism and farmers of color. Guadalupe T.
Luna, Chasing Rural Democracy and "Food Glorious Food": Farmers of Color and
Anti-Trust Legislation, 28 UCLA Chicana/o Latina/o L. Rev. (forthcoming 2009).





n201.  Bruce L. Melvin, Rural Life, 36 Am. J. Soc. 985 (1931) (enumerating
population figures and losses of farming operations in the 1930s).





n202.  Woman and Agriculture in the United States, supra note 197, at 326. See
also Pamela Riney-Kehrberg, Separation and Sorrow: A Farm Woman's Life,
1935-1941, 67 Agric. Hist. 185 (1993) (diary of a Kansas farm woman).





n203.  Female rates of participation in the farm revolt of the 1930s were not
investigated until the 1990s. See William C. Pratt, Women and the Farm Revolt of
the 1930s, 67 Agric. Hist. 214 (1993).





n204.  See generally Agricultural Trade Development and Assistance, 7 U.S.C.A §
1691 (2008) ("enhancing the food security").





n205.  Agriculture is exempt from anti-trust legislation. See generally Nat'l
Broiler Mktg. Ass'n v. United States, 436 U.S. 816, 813 (1978) ("Capper-Volstead
Act removed from the proscription of the antitrust laws cooperatives formed by
certain agricultural producers that otherwise would be directly competing with
each other in efforts to bring their goods to market."); Capper-Volstead Act of
1922, 7 U.S.C. § 291-92 (2008).





n206.  Clayton Antitrust Act of 1914, 15 U.S.C. § 17 (2007).





n207.  Id. See also Capper-Volstead Act of 1922, 7 U.S.C. §§291-92; Nat'l
Broiler Mktg. Ass'n, 436 U.S. at 830; John Lauck, Toward an Agrarian Antitrust:
A New Direction for Agricultural Law, 75 N.D. L. Rev. 449, 491 (1999).





n208.  See, e.g., Donald B. Marti, Woman's Work in the Grange: Mary Ann Mayo of
Michigan, 1882-1903, 56 Agric. Hist. 439 (1982) (leader of Michigan's rural
women); Marilyn P. Watkins, Political Activism and Community-Building Among
Alliance and Grange Women in Western Washington, 1892-1925, 67 Agric. Hist. 197
(1993).





n209.  See Julia Kirk Blackwelder, Women of the Depression: Caste and Culture in
San Antonio, 1929-1939 (1984); Jensen, supra note 30. See also, de Jong, supra
note 20, at 105; James M. Sears, Black Americans and the New Deal, 10 Hist.
Teacher 89 (1976); Omar H. Ali, Black Populism in the New South (2008),
available at http://pages.towson.edu/oali/black populism in the new south.htm.





n210.  See, e.g., Minnie Miller Brown, Black Women in American Agriculture, 50
Agric. Hist. 202, 207 (1976).





n211.  Roberto R. Calderon & Emilio Zamora, Manuela Solis Sager and Emma
Tenayuca: A Tribute, in Chicana Voices: Intersections of Class, Race, and Gender
30 (Teresa Cordova et al. eds., 1986).





n212.  For Chicanas, this translates into assertions that "scholarship and
artistic production should result in political action aimed at social change."
See, e.g., Hurtado, supra note 26, at 145 (1998).





n213.  J.H. Kolb & Edmund de S. Brunner, A Study of Rural Society 218 (William
F. Ogburn ed., 1946).





n214.  Id. at 216. For other examples of women farm organizers, see e.g., John
L. Shover, Cornbelt Rebellion: The Farmers' Holiday Association (1965); John
Mack Faragher, History from the Inside-Out: Writing the History of Women in
Rural America, 33 Am. Q. 537 (1981); Leslie A. Taylor, Femininity as Strategy: A
Gendered Perspective on the Farmers' Holiday, 51 Annals Iowa 252 (1992).





n215.  Pratt, supra note 203, at 215. For more information on the rural
movement, see, e.g., Carrie A. Meyer, Days on the Family Farm: From the Golden
Age Through the Great Depression (2007); Eric Rauchway, The Great Depression and
the New Deal: A Very Short Introduction (2008); Michael Goldfield, Worker
Insurgency, Radical Organization, and New Deal Labor Legislation, 83 Am. Pol.
Sci. Rev. 1257, 1271 (1989) (noting "struggles of farmers," including
"withholding of produce from the market because of low prices and the stopping
of banks from auctioning mortgage defaulted property, sometimes by armed "penny
sales.'").





n216.  Watkins, supra note 208, at 199.





n217.  See, e.g., Marc Linder, Farm Workers and the Fair Labor Standards Act:
Racial Discrimination in the New Deal, 65 Tex. L. Rev. 1335 (1986-87).





n218.  The massive legislation that the New Deal generated into the present as
the nation's farm bills provide examples but for a brief history of the
connections between rural insurgency and populism. See, e.g., Michael Goldfield,
Worker Insurgency, Radical Organization, and New Deal Labor Legislation, 83 Am.
Pol. Sci. Rev. 1257, 1271 (1989); T. Saloutos & J. Hicks, Twentieth-Century
Populism: Agricultural Discontent in the Middle West, 1900-1939 (1951).





n219.  Preying upon the fear of communist affiliation that plagued the times,
the government investigated and mislabeled community organizers as communists in
an effort to thwart activism. See, e.g., William C. Pratt, Farmers, Communists,
and the FBI in the Upper Midwest, 63 Agric. Hist. 61 (1989); Federal Bureau of
Investigation - Freedom of Information Privacy Act, Cesar Chavez and United Farm
Workers et al., http://foia.fbi.gov/foiaindex/chavez.htm (last visited Oct. 28,
2008).





n220.  See North American Free Trade Agreement, U.S.-Can.-Mex., Dec. 17, 1992,
32 I.L.M. 289 (1993), available at
http://www.fas.usda.gov/itp/Policy/nafta/nafta.asp; Geoffrey S. Becker, Farm
Bill Trade and Food Aid Provisions, CRS Report for Congress RS20997 (Jan. 28,
2003), available at http://assets.openers.com/rpts/RS20997 20020508.pdf.





n221.  Gladys L. Baker, Women in the U.S. Department of Agriculture, 50 Agric.
Hist. 190, 190 (1976) (analyzing in part women fired from the USDA).





n222.  Id. at 191.





n223.  Jensen, supra note 30, at 241 ("Rural history has several roots,
agricultural history, the discipline that developed in the United States during
the 1920s, provides a source rooted in field crops, commercial production, and
the white males who controlled them."). See also Baker, supra note 221, 190-91
(providing information on the demotion of women clerks, reduction in their
salaries, and the discriminatory perceptions of women in the department).





n224.  For an instance where women collapsed to the legal identity of their
spouses in farm programs, see Women Involved in Farm Econ. v. U.S. Dep't of
Agric., 876 F.2d 994 (D.C. Cir. 1989) (challenging constitutionality of
Department of Agriculture regulation treating husbands and wives as one
"person"). Compare Schneider, supra note 29 (analyzing current laws affecting
the ownership rights of husbands and wives to family farm assets and discussing
current farm programs in relation to the legal treatment of husbands and wives)
with Debra Kahn, Constitutional Law-Perpetuating the Presumption of Marital
Interdependence Under the Agriculture Act-Women Involved in Farm Economics v.
United States Department of Agriculture, 876 F.2d 994 (D.C. Cir. 1989), cert
denied, 110 S. Ct. 717 (1990), 63 Temp. L. Rev. 881 (1990).





n225.  Compare Cal. Agrarian Action Project, Inc. v. Regents of the Univ. of
Cal., 258 Cal. Rptr. 769 (Cal. Ct. App. 1989) (holding that the state university
was not required to establish process to ensure Hatch Act funds for agriculture
research were expanded to give consideration to the needs of the small family
farmer) with Christopher D. Merrett & Cynthia Struthers, Globalization and the
Future of Rural Communities in the Midwest, 12 Transnat'l L. & Contemp. Probs.
33, 34 (2002) ("ConAgra Foods makes more than 80,000 miles of Slim Jims every
year, enough to wrap around the equator nearly three and a half times.");
UNICEF, The State of the World's Children 2008, available at
http://www.unicef.org/publications/files/The State of the Worlds Children
2008.pdf (for a gendered perspective on hunger).





n226.  For a gendered and international perspective, see Marianne Villa &
Karoline Daugstad, Summer Farmers: Discourses in New Arenas, 38 J. Comp. Fam.
Stud. 395 (2007) (addressing feminists theories and female values and applying
to Norwegian farmers).





n227.  Janice Jiggins et al., Improving Women Farmers' Access to Extension
Services, in Improving Agricultural Extension 73, 73 (Burton E. Swanson et al.
eds., 1997).





n228.  The conceivable loss of alternative and sustainable farms is part of a
bigger potential food crisis. See Jacques Diouf, Feeding A World of 9 Billion,
People & the Planet, Oct. 21, 2007,
http://www.peopleandplanet.net/doc.php?id=341&section=3 (positing that a
possible food crisis looms, stemming from "climate change, forest denudation,
land degradation, water shortage, declining oil supplies, species extinction,
destruction of coastal ecosystems ... ."). See also Romano Prodi, To Avoid a
Food Disaster, Wash. Times, Apr. 27, 2008, at B1 (concern over escalating food
prices across the world).


                               3 of 90 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright (c) 2012 Drake Journal of Agricultural Law
                       Drake Journal of Agricultural Law

                                  Spring, 2012

                       Drake Journal of Agricultural Law

                            17 Drake J. Agric. L. 1

LENGTH: 20703 words

ARTICLE: THE USDA DISCRIMINATION CASES: PIGFORD, IN RE BLACK FARMERS,
KEEPSEAGLE, GARCIA, AND LOVE

NAME: Stephen Carpenter*

BIO: * Senior Staff Attorney, Farmers' Legal Action Group, Saint Paul,
Minnesota; formerly Senior Counsel for the Pigford Monitor; and at present
Ombudsman for In re Black Farmers Discrimination Litigation.

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... The assumption, however, that African Americans live almost entirely in
urban areas, that Hispanics are involved in agriculture--but only as
laborers--and that Native Americans who are not in cities live on reservations,
where little agriculture takes place, has limited application and obscures
reality.  ... A central question in all of these USDA discrimination cases is
the effectiveness of the USDA's efforts to investigate and resolve
discrimination complaints.  ... The Commission found that longstanding
discrimination in USDA programs and a lack of effective procedures for ensuring
civil rights enforcement contributed to a decline in farms operated by
African-American farmers.  ... Agricultural Credit and the Equal Credit
Opportunity Act (ECOA) The bulk of the claims in these cases are related to
agricultural credit, and therefore to USDA lending programs.  ... The claimant
must provide the following: (1) the year of the application or attempt to apply,
and the general period within the year; (2) the type and the amount of the loan
or loan servicing sought; (3) how the claimant planned to use the loan funds;
(4) how the claimant's plans for farming were consistent with other operations
in the area; and (5) the location where the claimant made efforts to seek credit
assistance.  ... Finally, the USDA will not allow prior debt settlements for
debts that would have been forgiven under the settlement to adversely affect the
debtor ability to receive credit from the USDA in the future (a similar
agreement was reached in Pigford).  ... For Track A in In re Black Farmers like
in the Keepseagle case, there is no requirement to name a similarly situated
white farmer.  ... In re Black Farmers claimants prevailing in Track A receive a
standard set of payments and other relief.

TEXT:
 [*1]

    I. Introduction

    Over the past several years, the practical terms of the contemporary
intersection of race, gender, and agriculture generated several lawsuits. In
this litigation, African Americans, Hispanics, Native Americans, and women
allege that the USDA discriminated against them when they sought to participate
in USDA programs as farmers. n1 The cases involve tens of thousands of class
members and billions of dollars in remedies while tens of thousands more
claimants  [*2]  may yet recover. n2 This article summarizes the development and
status of those cases. n3

    II. Background

    Today, there are roughly two million farms in the United States. n4 A
typically implicit assumption in discussion of American agriculture is that
those operating the farms are uniformly white men. n5 The cases discussed here
have, as plaintiffs, some of those who contradict this assumption. They
demonstrate hidden layers of struggle within the ongoing crisis of family
farming. n6 White male farmers, to be sure, can experience a form of
invisibility in the sense that farm country and rural life can generally seem
distant to many.  n7 The assumption,  [*3]  however, that African Americans live
almost entirely in urban areas, that Hispanics are involved in agriculture--but
only as laborers--and that Native Americans who are not in cities live on
reservations, where little agriculture takes place, has limited application and
obscures reality. Women, for their part, have always been the country's
invisible farmers. n8

    After lengthy litigation, the cases on behalf of Hispanics, African
Americans, Native Americans, and women are in various stages. n9 As a legal
matter these causes of action bear similarities, if only that the main legal
arguments concern discrimination against a protected class by the USDA, and in
each case a class action was pursued. n10

    Viewed broadly, however, each case is an ongoing portion of a set of
overlapping stories central to the country's history. n11 At the time of
European contact, indigenous North Americans were a collection of largely
agricultural peoples. n12 Despite four centuries of population decline, many
Native Americans remained engaged in agriculture. n13 Well into the 1980s,
thousands of Native Americans continued to farm and ranch. n14

    Millions of African Americans were forcibly brought to the western
hemisphere, largely in order to work on agricultural plantations. After
slavery--and the failure of the once promising efforts during Reconstruction--a
significant number of African Americans gained a toe-hold on the land and
farmed. n15 By  [*4]  1978 these numbers had dwindled from nearly one million in
1920 to a few tens of thousands. n16

    Hispanics, a result of the colonial mixture of populations--mainly
indigenous peoples of the Western Hemisphere and Spanish immigrants--were
partially incorporated into the United States by one means or another, or were
immigrants to the United States. n17 By 2007, over 80,000 Hispanic farmers had
gained a grip on the land and were farming. n18

    Women have been farmers--though often with limited autonomy--for as long as
there has been agriculture. For decades, women in the United States performed a
large portion of farm work. n19 In the early 1980s, wives on farms were commonly
performing a range of farming tasks and actively participating in the making of
farm decisions. n20 In addition, thousands of American women were farming
independently or as the head of a farming operation. n21

    The cases discussed here do not consider the experiences of others that may
have experienced discrimination by the USDA. Most notable may be the  [*5]
absence of various groups of Asian Americans who have contributed greatly to
American agriculture. n22 Hmong farmers offer a significant contemporary example
of this conspicuous absence. n23

    III. Discrimination Generally

    At an individual level, people differ in their understanding of what
constitutes discrimination. Where one may identify discrimination, another may
not. n24 Therefore, a personal story describing discrimination can be powerful
to some, but leaves others skeptical. The personal understanding of those
involved in discrimination--as with individual stories in general--earn an
uneven reception in the law and in scholarship. n25

    Broader social scientific efforts to measure discrimination are complicated
and often in dispute, due in significant part to the immense scale of the
question and the difficulty in taking into account various factors that also
account for differences in individual treatment. It is worth noting, however,
that in the last two decades, social scientists have refined techniques to
assess the existence and extent of discrimination. n26 One strain of empirical
research focuses on discrete markets that can be analyzed carefully. n27
Sophisticated empirical studies appear to confirm continued gender and race
discrimination. n28 Some studies ana  [*6]  lyze discrimination in lending in
particular. n29 As psychological literature adds insight to this discussion, an
increasingly strong argument can be made that discrimination continues at a
non-conscious level. n30

    Two studies within the last twelve years are worth noting explicitly--one
concerns gender and the other race. The gender study found that concealing the
identity of musicians auditioning for a spot in symphony orchestras
significantly increased the chances of women succeeding in the audition. n31
Women historically have been underrepresented in orchestras, but it has been
hard to prove that part of the cause was gender bias. n32 The study found that
blind auditions increased the chances that a woman would advance from
preliminary rounds by fifty percent. n33 It is quite difficult to claim that
this result is from anything other than ongoing gender discrimination.

    In a study of hiring practices, authors mailed thousands of résumés in
response to help-wanted advertisements in Boston and Chicago. n34 They assigned
either an African American or a white sounding name for each résumé. n35 White
names received fifty percent more callbacks for interviews. n36 The study
concluded that these disparities were significant and generally consistent
across various occupations and industries. n37 Names generally associated with
African Americans seem to harm labor market prospects. n38  [*7]

    IV. USDA History and Discrimination

    The USDA was established in the 1860s during the Lincoln Administration. n39
No one can deny discrimination in the Department occurred during the first
century of its existence. A more specific question raised in the cases discussed
in this Article is the extent to which USDA moved beyond discrimination by the
early 1980s. n40 A series of scholars and journalists analyzed USDA practices
and found significant discrimination in recent decades--especially regarding
race. n41 More recent literature using econometric models has begun to look at
discrimination as well. n42 The most expansive discussion of discrimination
problems within the Department, however, comes from a series of United States
Commission on Civil Rights reports, Government Accountability Office (formerly
the General Accounting Office) reports, and congressional investigations. n43

    Two aspects of these reports are of note. First, they suggest that
discrimination has been an ongoing problem at USDA that extended into the class
period of the relevant cases. n44 A second and somewhat separate issue is the ex
[*8]  tent to which various internal USDA entities tasked with investigating and
remedying civil rights violations have been effective. n45 A central question in
all of these USDA discrimination cases is the effectiveness of the USDA's
efforts to investigate and resolve discrimination complaints. n46

    The United States Commission on Civil Rights has issued a number of reports
over the years regarding civil rights at the USDA. n47 Most notable, perhaps, is
a detailed 1982 effort that provides perhaps the single most detailed discussion
of USDA credit discrimination. n48 The Commission found that longstanding
discrimination in USDA programs and a lack of effective procedures for ensuring
civil rights enforcement contributed to a decline in farms operated by
African-American farmers.  n49 The prevailing practice at the USDA, according to
the 1982 report, was to follow local patterns of racial segregation and
discrimination when providing assistance. n50 The Commission observed that the
director of USDA's Farm and Home Administration Equal Opportunity staff did not
disagree with the Commission's analysis and concluded that the Equal Opportunity
office was "in no position to enforce compliance with civil rights laws." n51
Previous Commission studies found similar problems. n52

    In 1990, Congress engaged in an extensive hearing on civil rights issues at
the USDA and produced a lengthy report. n53 Several of those testifying
criticized the delivery of program benefits to minority farmers and USDA's civil
[*9]  rights efforts. n54 The report concluded that the USDA had "been a
catalyst in the decline of minority farming." n55

    In 1997, the Secretary of Agriculture's Civil Rights Action Team (CRAT),
composed of senior officials, held listening sessions around the country and
wrote a report on civil rights at the USDA. n56 The report concluded that
discrimination continued and that civil rights had not been a high priority at
the USDA. n57 According to the CRAT report, "despite the fact that
discrimination in program delivery and employment has been documented and
discussed, it continues to exist to a large degree unabated." n58 Further, in
recent years "every Secretary of Agriculture has said that improving civil
rights is a priority at USDA." n59 The findings of the report, however, suggest
"that with few exceptions, senior managers at the Department have not invested
the time, effort, energy, and resources needed to produce any fundamental
change." n60 The CRAT report also observed that civil rights programs at the
USDA "had been in a persistent state of chaos because of numerous
reorganizations since the 1980s." n61 In addition, the report asserted that the
process of resolving complaints about the delivery of program benefits had
"failed." n62

    A series of reports by the Government Accountability Office (GAO) discuss
the civil rights record of the USDA and comment repeatedly on what is described
as a lack of progress in addressing civil rights complaints. n63 GAO testimony
to Congress in 2008 found USDA still unable to effectively address
discrimination complaints or to provide accurate data to Congress on its efforts
to  [*10]  resolve discrimination complaints. n64 Unresolved discrimination
complaints dating back over a decade remained unresolved, and claims and
inquiries were lost or disregarded. n65 GAO suggested that the longstanding
management deficiency in these efforts calls into question "USDA's commitment to
efficiently and effectively address discrimination complaints . . . ." n66

    A series of USDA Office of Inspector General (OIG) reports tell a similar
story. n67 In 2000, the OIG explained that it was making its seventh attempt to
provide USDA's Office of Civil Rights with constructive ways to overcome its
case processing inefficiencies. n68 Without significant changes, the OIG
observed, it was doubtful whether complaints would receive due care. n69 By
2007, the OIG designated civil rights as a major management challenge for the
USDA and commented that because of the conditions the OIG had found, public
confidence in the USDA's ability to uphold civil rights might be lost. n70

    Based on these studies, there seems to be a nearly unanimous view that civil
rights have been a problem at USDA in recent years. The Judge in the Pigford
case concluded, based on the CRAT report and Office of Inspector General
reports, that there was a "persuasive indictment of the civil rights records of
the USDA." n71 Furthermore, USDA's 1998 National Commission on Small Farmers
found conclusive evidence of discrimination at the USDA. n72 A remedy for such
[*11]  discrimination requires a cause of action. In the cases discussed here
the main the cause of action is found in the Equal Credit Opportunity Act
(ECOA).

    V. Agricultural Credit and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (ECOA)

    The bulk of the claims in these cases are related to agricultural credit,
and therefore to USDA lending programs. These loans are currently made by the
Farm Service Agency (FSA). Previously it was the Farmers Home Administration
(FmHA).

    In ways that may not be obvious to those unfamiliar with agriculture, credit
is the lifeblood of farming and ranching. Successful farms and ranches must have
access to timely credit, in adequate amounts, at fair terms. n73 Most crucially,
virtually every producer uses short-term operating credit to purchase production
inputs. n74 Seed and fertilizer, for example, are often bought in the spring on
credit, and the debt is repaid after harvest in the fall. Credit is also used to
purchase machinery, equipment, livestock, and livestock feed. Without credit,
real estate purchases are not possible. In summary, without ongoing access to
credit, farmers and ranchers simply cannot operate.

    Credit in rural areas tended to be in short supply during the class period,
and credit was especially difficult to obtain for family-sized operations. n75
By statute, USDA farm loan programs were almost always required to exclusively
lend to family farmers who could not get credit elsewhere. n76 These USDA farm
loan programs tended to function as the lender of last resort and as the only
credit alternative for many producers. n77 They were especially important for
the plaintiffs in the litigation discussed here. n78  [*12]

    To a somewhat unrecognized extent, the settlements have followed the
patterns of proof provided by ECOA. n79 ECOA requires that creditors not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, or sex against an
applicant in any aspect of a credit transaction. n80 Further, ECOA sets out
specific actions that do not constitute discrimination. n81 Transactions in
which credit is extended by the government are subject to ECOA. n82 ECOA
remedies include actual damages, punitive damages for nongovernmental entities,
equitable relief, and attorney's fees. n83 The statute, not widely used until
the 1990s, offers a powerful method for addressing discrimination. n84

    The settlements also track the standard ECOA case law that incorporated a
version of the burden-shifting analysis used by the United States Supreme Court
in McDonnell Douglas Corporation v. Green. n85 A brief summary of that standard
helps to explain aspects of the discrimination cases and their resolution.

    In general, if the plaintiff does not have direct evidence of disparate
treatment, it may be established through circumstantial evidence by way of
establishing a prima facie case for discrimination. n86 A prima facie case is
established by showing:

    (1) The plaintiff is a member of a protected class;


    (2) the plaintiff applied for credit for which the plaintiff was qualified;

     [*13]

    (3) the plaintiff was rejected despite being qualified; and


    (4) the position remained open and the employer sought applicants who were
similarly qualified when compared to the plaintiff. n87


    Applicants are also protected under ECOA. The statute defines applicant as a
person "who applies to a creditor directly for an extension, renewal, or
continuation credit . . . ." n88 According to Regulation B, an applicant
includes "any person who requests . . . an extension of credit from a creditor"
and includes any person who "is or may become contractually liable regarding an
extension of credit." n89 Simply put, an applicant, is a person who tries to get
credit. n90

    This last requirement tends not to be taken literally by courts. n91 An
exact match tends not to be needed. n92 Some courts have omitted the requirement
entirely. n93 If a prima facie case is established, the burden of proof shifts
to the creditor to articulate a legitimate, nondiscriminatory basis for the
adverse action. n94 If the defendant does so, the plaintiff must then
demonstrate that the reason offered as legitimate was actually a pretext for
discrimination. n95

    VI. The Discrimination Cases

    There are five main discrimination cases. Pigford v. Glickman was certified
as a class of African Americans, and settlement was approved in 1999. n96
Implementation of Pigford is nearly complete, and it is too late to make a claim
[*14]  in the case. n97 As of February 16, 2012, about $ 1 billion has been paid
to the African American class of about 23,000 people. n98

    Keepseagle v. Veneman was certified as a class action of Native Americans
and settlement was approved on April 28, 2011. n99 The claim filing period ended
on December 27, 2011. n100 A federal allocation of $ 760 million has been
established for the settlement. n101

    In re Black Farmers Discrimination Litigation was conditionally certified as
a class of African Americans and the settlement received final approval in
October 2011. n102 The class could potentially include over 60,000 people. n103
The time period for submitting claims ended May 11, 2012. n104 A federal
appropriation of more than $ 1 billion was allocated for the settlement. n105

    In Garcia v. Johanns, Hispanics were denied class certification, and
litigation is ongoing.  n106 The USDA, however, "announced that it would create
an administrative process for resolving claims by Hispanics." n107

    In Love v. Johanns, women sought and were denied class status. n108
Litigation is ongoing. Simultaneously, similar to the result in Garcia v.
Johanns, the  [*15]  USDA has announced that it will create an administrative
process for resolving claims by women. n109

    A. Pigford

    Pigford v. Vilsack, the first among the above referenced cases to be filed,
involves nearly 23,000 African American class members. n110 Pigford was
certified as a class in 1998 n111 and settlement was approved in 1999. n112
Implementation of Pigford is nearly complete and it is too late to make a claim
in the case. n113 At the time of the final monitor's report, $ 1.06 billion had
been paid to more than 15,000 class members. n114

    Two important developments paved the way for Pigford to be settled in 1999.
First, congressional action altered the statute of limitations for this and
other discrimination cases against the USDA. n115 At the time Pigford was filed,
[*16]  ECOA statute of limitations for actions of this type was two years from
the date of the occurrence of the violation. n116 The two-year statute of
limitations provided significant problems for plaintiffs as the effects of
problems with programs, especially loan programs, can take considerable time to
unfold. n117 Second, in a decision issued in 1998 the District Court of the
District of Columbia certified the Pigford plaintiffs as a class. n118

    The subsequent settlement established criteria for class membership. n119
First, a class member must be African American. n120 Second, the class member
must have "farmed, or attempted to farm, between January 1, 1981 and December
31, 1996." n121 Notably, a putative class member could meet this requirement by
attempting to farm. n122 Third, the class member must have "filed a
discrimination complaint on or before July 1, 1997, regarding USDA's treatment
of such farm treatment or benefit application." n123 The USDA had a myriad of
farm programs--as well as nonfarm programs--during the class period. n124
Notable, therefore, this definition excluded discrimination in the USDA rural
housing credit programs. n125 Fourth, a class member must believe that he or she
was discriminated against on the basis of race in the USDA's response to that
application. n126 Finally, a class member must have filed a discrimination
complaint on or before July 1, 1997, regarding the USDA's treatment of the
application. n127

    The Consent Decree established a notice procedure. n128 A claim deadline of
October 12, 1999 was set. n129 Individual class members were permitted to file a
late claim if it was determined that the failure to submit a claim on time was
"due to extraordinary circumstances beyond his control." n130 A subsequent order
[*17]  delegated this authority to the arbitrator. n131 Tens of thousands of
people sought to get into the case in this manner. Many were denied permission
to enter the case. n132 It is this group of people that are the class members
for In re Black Farmers Discrimination Litigation. n133

    The settlement also provided a method whereby each class member received an
individual determination of his or her claim. n134 As a result, each class
member's factual allegations are evaluated separately. n135 In order to prevail
under a Track A credit claim, the claimant needed to establish several things.
n136 First, the claimant must have owned, leased, or attempted to own or lease,
farm land. n137 It is important to emphasize that the claimant could meet this
standard by attempting to own or lease farm land. n138 Second, the claimant must
have applied for a specific credit transaction at a USDA county office. n139
Notably, this could mean either a loan or a form of servicing of an already
existing loan. n140 Third, when USDA considered the loan, the loan was "denied,
provided late, approved for a lesser amount than requested, encumbered by
restrictive conditions, or USDA failed to provide appropriate loan service, and
such treatment was less favorable than that accorded specifically identified,
similarly situated white farmers." n141  [*18]

    Broken into its component parts, this dense sentence permits an applicant to
prevail under a number of scenarios. n142 If the loan was made but provided
late, the claimant could prevail. n143 Lateness of an agricultural loan can be
quite damaging given the precise time and seasonal requirements in agriculture.
For example, a crop planted a month late could be effectively worthless. The
claimant could also prevail if the paid loan was encumbered by restrictive
conditions. n144 For example, even though a loan may have been made, the
collateral requirements could be exceedingly high or the terms of the loan
agreement may call for the borrower to receive permission each time loan funds
were used. In addition, the claimant could prevail if the USDA made the loan but
failed to service the loan appropriately. n145 USDA loan rules permitted several
counter-intuitive loan servicing measures to be taken to protect a borrower that
was in financial trouble. n146 The white farmer needed to be specifically
identified and similarly situated. n147 Finally, USDA's treatment of the loan
application led to economic damage to the claimant; solely emotional damages do
not meet this requirement. n148 No minimum amount for the level of economic
damage was indicated. n149

    The claims were decided by an independent adjudicator who made the decision
based on a paper record provided by the claimant, generally a claim sheet,
supporting documents, and a claim response by USDA. n150 In order to prevail on
a claim the burden of proof of race discrimination was substantial evidence.
n151 Substantial evidence was defined in the Consent Decree as "such relevant
evidence as appears in the record before the adjudicator that a reasonable
person might accept as adequate to support a conclusion after taking into
account other evidence in the record that fairly detracts from that conclusion."
n152

    If either party, the claimant or the government, disagreed with the
adjudicator's decision, the aggrieved party could petition the independent
court-appointed monitor. n153 The opposing party could also submit a petition
response  [*19]  to the monitor. n154 If the monitor found a "clear and manifest
error" in the screening for eligibility or in the adjudication of the claim, and
the error had "resulted" or was "likely to result in a fundamental miscarriage
of justice," the monitor could direct the adjudicator to re-examine the claim.
n155 A monitor petition and response could include certain kinds of additional
information into the record. Several thousand petitions resulted in the monitor
directing reexamination. n156 In most instances in which the monitor directed
reexamination, the adjudicator changed the decision. n157 Ultimately, in
approximately ten percent of total Track A cases adjudicator reexamination
resulted in a changed decision. n158

    Claimants prevailing in Track A received a standard set of payments and
other relief. n159 In practice, therefore, the relief varied among prevailing
claimants. n160 First, each prevailing Track A claimant received a $ 50,000 cash
payment. n161 Second, a payment of twenty-five percent of the $ 50,000 ($
12,500) was placed in the claimant's IRS account as partial payment of any taxes
owed on the $ 50,000. n162 IRS Forms 1099 were also sent to claimants to reflect
these activities. n163 Third, Track A claimants with a credit claim were
eligible for debt relief. n164 The relief constituted forgiveness of outstanding
USDA debt--not other debt--that, according to the Consent Decree, "was incurred
under, or affected by, the program(s) that was/were the subject of ECOA claim(s)
resolved in the class member's favor by the Adjudicator." n165 Determining the
precise nature of this relief for an individual claimant turned out to be
challenging. n166 Fourth, prevailing Track A claimants with credit claims
received what is called "injunctive re  [*20]  lief" in the Consent Decree. n167
Injunctive relief provided individuals with specific rights in terms of their
future dealing with USDA as they sought to get farm loans. n168 This included
technical assistance from USDA, the right to have applications viewed in a
"light most favorable" to the claimant, and priority consideration for some
loans. n169 Finally, prevailing Track A claimants with credit claims received
forbearance from certain possible foreclosures by USDA. n170

    Track B, in contrast, was an arbitration process in which the standard of
proof is preponderance of evidence. n171 Fewer than 200 claimants elected Track
B. n172 In the arbitration, the claimant's burden was to show by a preponderance
of evidence that he or she was a victim of discrimination, and that the claimant
suffered damages from that discrimination. n173 Prevailing Track B claimants
received discharge of debt in a similar fashion to Track A claimants. n174
Several claimants in track B received considerable awards of several hundred
thousand dollars, and some awards exceeded one million dollars. n175 Many,
however, received no award. n176

    Two other aspects of the Pigford settlement are notable. First, all of the
money paid to claimants came from the Judgment Fund. n177 Second, there was no
set maximum amount to be awarded to the class. n178 Further, fees for class
counsel were determined on the basis of fee shifting statues used in litigation
against the government. n179 Class counsel, in other words, did not take a
percentage of payment that was made to the class.   [*21]

    B. Keepseagle

    Keepseagle was filed in 2000, subsequent to the Pigford settlement. n180 It
alleged discrimination by the USDA against Native Americans. n181 A class was
eventually certified, n182 and a settlement was approved by the court on April
28, 2011. n183 The claim filing period ended on December 27, 2011. n184

    A maximum monetary value of $ 760 million was included in the settlement.
n185 A fund of $ 680 million may be used to compensate class members. n186
Another $ 80 million may be used for debt relief. n187 As was the case with
Pigford, congressional action to alter the statute of limitations made
Keepseagle possible. n188  [*22]

    Prior to the Keepseagle settlement, class certification was extensively
litigated. n189 The subsequent settlement established several criteria for class
membership. n190 First, a class member must be a Native American. n191 A precise
definition of Native American is included in the settlement. n192 It includes
the possibility of self-identification if a person is not an enrolled member of
a tribe. n193 Second, the class member must have farmed, ranched, or attempted
to farm or ranch between January 1, 1981 and November 24, 1999.  n194 It is
worth emphasizing a putative class member could meet this requirement by
attempting to farm or ranch. n195 Third, the class member must have applied to
USDA in that time period for participation in a farm program. n196 In
Keepseagle, there is no provision for noncredit USDA programs. n197 As in
Pigford, relief is limited to farm loan programs and does not cover other USDA
loan programs. n198 Finally, a class member must have filed a discrimination
complaint with USDA either individually or through a representative.  n199 The
filing of a discrimination complaint may be oral in some cases. n200

    As with Pigford, the settlement provides a method whereby each class member
receives an individual determination of their claim. n201 Each class member's
factual allegations are therefore evaluated separately. n202 In order to prevail
in Track A, the claimant needs to establish several things. n203 First, the
claimant must have farmed, ranched, or attempted to farm or ranch between
January 1, 1981 and November 24, 1999. n204 Second, the claimant must have
owned, leased, or attempted to purchase or lease farm or ranch land, or had
grazing rights on  [*23]  farm or ranch land. n205 Importantly, the attempt to
gain access to land for farming and ranching meets the requirement. n206 Legal
access is not limited to ownership or a traditional lease. n207 Third, the
claimant must have applied, or attempted to apply, for a specific farm loan from
a USDA office between January 1, 1981, and November 24, 1999. n208 This could
include either a loan or a form of servicing of an already existing loan. n209
It could also mean that a person who is attempting to farm for the first time
could apply and potentially prevail. Fourth, when the USDA considered the loan,
the loan was: "denied, provided late, approved for a lesser amount than
requested, encumbered by restrictive condition(s), or USDA failed to provide
appropriate loan service(s)." n210

    The bulk of these provisions align with Pigford. n211 If the loan was made,
but provided late, the claimant could prevail. n212 Similarly, the claimant
could also prevail if the loan was made if the loan was encumbered by
restrictive conditions. n213 In addition, the claimant could prevail if USDA
made the loan but failed to service the loan appropriately. n214 A crucial
distinction from Pigford, however, is that Pigford required that a claimant name
a similarly situated white farmer who was treated more favorably than the
claimant. n215 This requirement does not appear in the Keepseagle settlement.
n216 Fifth, the claimant must demonstrate the USDA's treatment of the loan
application led to economic damage to the claimant. n217 Emotional damages,
therefore, do not meet this requirement. There is no minimum amount, however,
for the level of economic damage. Finally, the claimant needed to file a
discrimination complaint with USDA. n218 The complaint  [*24]  must have been
filed either between January 1, 1981 and June 30, 1997, or between November 24,
1997 and November 24, 1999. n219

    The claims are decided by a Track A neutral. n220 A substantial evidence
standard is used to evaluate the claims. n221 Substantial evidence is defined in
the settlement as: "such relevant evidence that a reasonable person might accept
as adequate to support a conclusion after taking into account other evidence in
the record that fairly detracts from that conclusion." n222

    In Keepseagle, the Track A neutral must conclude the claimant either
actually applied for credit or made a made a bona fide effort to apply for
credit. n223 The settlement provides the specific means by which a claimant can
establish such a bona fide effort. n224 The claimant must provide the following:
(1) the year of the application or attempt to apply, and the general period
within the year; (2) the type and the amount of the loan or loan servicing
sought; (3) how the claimant planned to use the loan funds; (4) how the
claimant's plans for farming were consistent with other operations in the area;
and (5) the location where the claimant made efforts to seek credit assistance.
n225 It appears that the agreement is intended to require the above information
for both applications and attempts to apply. n226 The Pigford Consent Decree did
not include this requirement. n227 An additional Keepseagle claimant requirement
applies if the claimant attempted to apply for a loan. n228 In such a case, the
claimant must show that the USDA actively discouraged the application. n229

    The Keepseagle Track A neutral will review a paper-only record. n230 That
record will include only the material submitted by the claimant and information
provided by USDA that is designed to guide debt relief. n231

    Concerning Track A decisions, Keepseagle differs from Pigford in at least
two central ways. First, in Keepseagle, unlike Pigford, the USDA will not
provide records or arguments in response to the claim in order to dispute the
[*25]  claim itself. n232 Second, unlike Pigford, there is no appeal system for
a Keepseagle Track A claim. n233 A claim determination is binding. n234

    Claimants prevailing in Track A receive a standard set of payments and other
relief. n235 The Track A payments may be reduced depending on the extent to
which claimants prevail. n236 First, each prevailing Track A claimant will
receive a $ 50,000 cash payment.  n237 Second, an additional payment of
twenty-five percent of this amount is made to the IRS as partial payment of any
taxes owed on the debt relief. n238 Third, Track A claimants with USDA debt are
eligible for debt relief, which is limited to $ 80 million. n239 Finally,
prevailing Track A claimants with credit claims receive forbearance from certain
possible creditor actions by USDA. n240

    Keepseagle includes a Track B arbitration process. n241 Awards, however, are
capped at $ 250,000 and total Track B payments are capped at $ 50 million. n242
The standard of proof is preponderance of the evidence.  n243 As is the case in
Track A there are no appeals of Track B decisions. n244 Prevailing Track B
claimants receive discharge of debt in a similar fashion to Track A claimants.
n245

    The settlement provides for what is called programmatic relief that will
last for five years.  n246 There was no such provision in Pigford. n247 There
are several provisions along these lines. First, the settlement creates a
Federal Advisory Committee that will be known as the Council for Native American
Farming and  [*26]  Ranching.  n248 The aim of the Council will be to provide a
forum whereby farm loan programs will become more available to Native American
farmers and ranchers. n249 Second, the USDA will establish sub-offices on Indian
Reservations.  n250 They will provide technical assistance and outreach. n251
This provision is subject to funding. n252 Third, the USDA will review its rules
for loan making, in consultation with Class Counsel, and make changes to ensure
the rules are responsive to Native American culture.  n253 Fourth, the USDA must
collect data regarding loans sought by Native Americans in order to identify
disparities.  n254 Fifth, the settlement calls for an Ombudsperson to address
concerns of all socially disadvantaged farmers. n255 The ombudsperson will
report the concerns of minority farmers to the Council. n256 Finally, the USDA
will not allow prior debt settlements for debts that would have been forgiven
under the settlement to adversely affect the debtor ability to receive credit
from the USDA in the future (a similar agreement was reached in Pigford).  n257

    A few other aspects of the Keepseagle settlement are notable. First, the
court and the government have a relatively limited role in the implementation of
the agreement. n258 The government, for example, does not appear to have a
direct role in choosing the neutrals. n259 Second, attorney fees and costs, and
other implementation costs, come from a common $ 760 million fund that is also
the source of claimant payments. n260 This is in stark contrast to Pigford. n261
Class counsel has asked the Court for more than $ 60 million in fees.  n262
[*27]

    C. In re Black Farmers Discrimination Litigation

    In re Black Farmers Discrimination Litigation was certified as a class of
African Americans and a settlement approved on October 27, 2011.  n263 The class
may include more than 60,000 people. n264 The claim period began November 14,
2011 and ended May 11, 2012.  n265 A maximum monetary value was set at $ 1.25
billion.  n266

    More than 60,000 people sought to enter Pigford but filed too late and were
not permitted into the case. n267 Two statutory provisions made In re Black
Farmers possible. First, in 2008 Congress permitted claimants in Pigford who did
not receive a determination on the merits to bring a new civil action. n268 This
provision, which was part of the 2008 Farm Bill, also provided $ 100 million of
funding for these claims. n269 In 2010, Congress provided an additional $ 1.15
billion to fund an agreement reached between the plaintiffs and the government
earlier that year. n270

    The settlement established two criteria for class membership. n271 First, a
class member must have submitted late-filing requests in Pigford. n272 To
qualify, the request must have been submitted on or after October 13, 1999, and
on or before June 18, 2008. n273 A late-filing request is a written request to
the Court, or a Pigford neutral, to participate in the Pigford claims process.
n274 Records pre  [*28]  sumably exist for the vast majority of all Pigford late
filing requests. An In re Black Farmers claimant does have the opportunity,
however, to show that this list is incomplete.  n275

    Second, the person must not have obtained a determination on the merits of
that claim. n276 Therefore, all Pigford claimants that filed their original
claim on time, but lost their claim on the substantive merits of that claim, are
not a part of the In re Black Farmers class. n277

    As with Pigford and Keepseagle, the In re Black Farmers settlement also
provides a method whereby each class member receives an individual determination
of his or her claim. n278 Each class member's factual allegations are therefore
evaluated separately. n279 As was the case in Keepseagle, there is no means for
a claimant who files late to get into the case. n280

    In order to prevail under a Track A claim, the claimant needs to establish
several things. n281 First, the claimant must be an African American who farmed,
or attempted to farm, between January 1, 1981 and December 31, 1996. n282
Second, the claimant must have owned, leased, or attempted to own or lease farm
land. n283 Notably, the attempt to gain access to land for farming meets the
requirement. n284 Third, the claimant must have applied, or constructively
applied, for a specific credit transaction or a specific noncredit benefit at a
USDA office. n285 This action must have taken place between January 1, 1981 and
December 31, 1996. n286 This could include either a loan or servicing of an
already existing loan. n287 It could also mean that a person who is attempting
to farm for the first time could attempt to apply and prevail. The distinction
between an applica  [*29]  tion and a constructive application is one that
affects the claimant's burden in the case. n288 An applicant that applied for a
specific farm transaction or noncredit benefit must show that he or she was
"denied, provided late, approved for a lesser amount than requested, encumbered
by restrictive condition(s), or USDA failed to provide appropriate loan
service(s)." n289

    If the class member claims that he or she constructively applied for a loan
or noncredit benefit the claimant must also establish by substantial evidence
that he or she made a bona fide effort to apply for the loan or noncredit
benefit. n290 In order to establish that a bona fide effort was made, the
claimant must provide the year and time period within the year in which he or
she sought the loan, the type and amount of the loan or noncredit benefit, how
the claimant planned to use the funds, and how the claimant's operation were
consistent with farming operations in that area. n291 In order to show that a
bona fide effort was made, the claimant must also show that the USDA actively
discouraged the applications. n292 Active discouragement occurred if the USDA
official told the class member that there were no loan funds available and that
no application would be provided, that there were no application forms
available, or that the USDA was not accepting applications at that time. n293
Fourth, the USDA's treatment of the loan or the noncredit benefit or
constructive application must have led to economic damage to the claimant.  n294
Solely emotional damages, therefore, do not meet this requirement. There is no
minimum amount, however, for the level of economic damage. n295 Finally, the
claimant must have complained to an official of the United States Government on
or before July 1, 1997 regarding USDA's treatment.  n296

    For the most part, these provisions follow the provisions in Pigford and
Keepseagle. n297 If the loan was made, but provided late, the claimant could
prevail. n298 Similarly, the claimant could also prevail if the loan was made
but was  [*30]  encumbered by restrictive conditions. n299 In addition, the
claimant could prevail if USDA made the loan but failed to service the loan
appropriately. n300 For Track A in In re Black Farmers like in the Keepseagle
case, there is no requirement to name a similarly situated white farmer. n301

    Track A claims are decided by a Track A neutral. n302 A substantial evidence
standard is used to evaluate the claims. n303 Substantial evidence is defined in
the settlement as "such evidence that a reasonable person might accept as
adequate to support a conclusion after taking into account other evidence in the
record that fairly detracts from that conclusion." n304 An In re Black Farmer
Track A neutral will review a paper-only record. n305 That record will include
only the material submitted by the claimant and information provided by the USDA
that is designed to guide debt relief.  n306 The Track A neutral, may, however,
ask the claimant to provide additional information. n307

    In re Black Farmers claimants prevailing in Track A receive a standard set
of payments and other relief. n308 The Track A payments may be reduced depending
on the number of claimants who prevail. n309 First, each prevailing Track A
claimant with a credit claim will receive a $ 50,000 cash payment. n310 Each
claimant with a noncredit claim will receive a $ 3000 payment. n311 Noncredit
claimants must be in Track A.  n312 Second, a payment of twenty-five percent of
the cash credit claim payment is made to the IRS as partial payment of any taxes
owed on the debt relief. n313 Third, Track A claimants with a USDA debt are
eligible for debt relief.  n314 Debt relief is limited to $ 80 million. n315
Finally, prevailing  [*31]  Track A claimants with credit claims receive
forbearance from certain possible creditor actions by the USDA. n316

    In re Black Farmers includes a Track B neutral arbitration process. n317 The
total aggregate amount available for Track B is capped at $ 100 million. n318
Individual Track B claims are capped at $ 250,000. n319 These payments can be
reduced based on the available funds and number of prevailing claims. n320 The
standard of proof is preponderance of the evidence. n321 As with the other
cases, Track B preponderance is defined as proof that something is more likely
true than not. n322 Like under Track A, there are no appeals of Track B
decisions. n323 Prevailing Track B claimants received discharge of debt in a
similar fashion to Track A claimants. n324

    A few other aspects of the settlement are notable. First, as in Keepseagle,
there are no appeals of decisions for In re Black Farmer claimants. n325 Second,
the judge for In re Black Farmers can appoint an ombudsman, and has done so.
n326 The ombudsman authority is limited to issues concerning the implementation
of the settlement. n327 USDA, meanwhile, plays little role in implementation.
n328 Third, attorney fees and costs, and other implementation costs, come from a
common fund that is also the source of claimant payments. n329 This is in
contrast to Pigford. n330 Class counsel has asked the Court for more than $ 90
million in  [*32]  fees. n331 Finally, unlike Keepseagle, but like Pigford,
there is no institutional reform aspect to the settlement. n332

    D. Garcia, Love, and a USDA Administrative Process

    In Garcia, Hispanics plaintiffs sought and were denied class status. n333
Women plaintiffs in Love were also denied class status. n334 Both failed on
grounds of commonality of the class. n335 Litigation is ongoing in both cases.
n336 Simultaneously the USDA announced that it will create an administrative
process for resolving claims by Hispanics and women. n337  [*33]

    In May of 2010 the USDA announced that it was offering to settle the two
cases and was going forward with an administrative process that would resemble
the settlements discussed here. n338 A revised version of the process was
announced on January 25, 2012. n339

    Only a skeletal description of the program is available. n340 The government
says that it will make at least $ 1.33 billion available to women and Hispanic
farmers who alleged discrimination by USDA based in the making or servicing farm
loans during certain periods between 1981 and 2000. n341 A qualifying claimant
could receive up to $ 250,000 in cash. n342 In addition, USDA says it will
provide up to $ 160 million in debt relief to claimants who owe USDA for
eligible farm loans. n343 Further, an award for tax obligations would equal
twenty-five percent of the cash award and principal from debt relief. n344

    Based on a USDA website description of the program, the following criteria
will apply. First, the claimant must have been the owner operator or tenant
operator of a family farm, or attempted to own or lease farm land. n345 For
Hispanics, the dates for this requirement are between January 1, 1981 and
December 31, 1996 or between October 13, 1998 and October 13, 2000. n346 For
women, the dates are between January 1, 1981 and December 31, 1996 or between
October 19, 1998 and October 19, 2000. n347 Second, the claimant must have
sought a farm loan or farm-loan servicing from the USDA. n348 The loan must have
been denied, approved late, or approved for a lesser amount than requested,
approved with restrictive conditions, or the USDA failed to provide an
appropriate loan service. n349 Third, the claimant must believe the actions
occurred because the claimant is Hispanic or female. n350 Fourth, the USDA's
treatment of loan or loan applica  [*34]  tion led to economic damage. n351
Fifth, the claimant must have filed a discrimination complaint with the USDA as
an individual or through a representative, and alleged that the USDA
discriminated on the basis that the claimant was Hispanic or female. n352

    The USDA says it will divide successful claimants into Tier one and Tier
two; Tier two claimants, who prevail, will receive a full payment of $ 50,000.
n353 They must submit copies of loan applications or other documents, and a copy
of a written discrimination complaint. n354 Tier one claimants, who may receive
less than $ 50,000 if they prevail, do not need to produce as much documentation
as a Tier two claimant. n355 In order to prevail with an "attempt to apply"
claim, however, the claimant must produce a statement from someone who witnessed
the discrimination, and a copy of a written discrimination complaint. n356 The
effect of these provisions will make it harder to prevail as an "attempt to
apply" claimant than was the case in Pigford, and will likely be the case in
Keepseagle and In re Black Farmers. n357

    The claims will be decided by an adjudicator "with independent
decision-making authority." n358 Decisions will not be appealable. n359 The USDA
will reserve the right to submit evidence to the Claims Adjudicator regarding a
claim. n360 It is not clear how the program will affect the status of the
ongoing litigation.

    VII. Conclusion

    Americans have a soft spot for family farmers. In popular thought, however,
there tends to be an assumption that all farmers are white men. Powerful and
varied images in the public mind see African Americans, Hispanics, Native
Americans, and women of all races in a variety of contexts, but those images
rarely include independent farming. In what could only be considered an ironic
[*35]  and surprising turn, the most successful civil rights litigation in
recent decades--at least in terms of dollar value and the number of people
involved--centers on agriculture and the struggle of tens of thousands of
individuals to farm. Pigford is essentially completed, but for African
Americans, a separate settlement, In re Black Farmers, is still underway. n361
Keepseagle is settled and a sign-up complete, but little is yet known about the
on-the-ground remedy for Native Americans. n362 Hispanics and women are
plaintiffs in cases that have not settled, although an administrative remedy may
be available to them. n363 Therefore, the final result of these cases remains
unknown in many important respects. It will soon be possible, however, to
evaluate and learn from the USDA discrimination cases, and to think about the
intersection of race, gender, and agriculture in ways that have thus far proved
difficult.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Banking LawConsumer ProtectionEqual Credit OpportunityGeneral OverviewCivil
Rights LawGeneral OverviewTortsDamagesPunitive DamagesAvailabilityGovernmental
Entities

FOOTNOTES:




n1  These are the terms used to describe plaintiffs in the various cases. While
both Hispanic and Latino and Native American and Indian respectively might be
used interchangeably, and considerable discussion addresses the merits of each
identifying term, this article generally follows the terminology used in the
litigation in question. See Garcia v. Vilsack, 563 F.3d 519 (D.C. Cir. 2009);
Love v. Connor, 525 F. Supp. 2d 155 (D.C. Dist. 2007); Keepseagle v. Johanns,
236 F.R.D. 1 (D.C. Dist. 2006); Pigford v. Glickman, 185 F.R.D. 82 (D.C. Dist.
1999).




n2  See generally Garcia, 563 F.3d 519; Love, 525 F. Supp. 2d 155; Keepseagle,
236 F.R.D. 1; Pigford, 185 F.R.D. 82.




n3  A number of important topics could be considered when evaluating these
cases. Examples that are not included are: the existence and extent of
discrimination at the USDA in the past or present, the present cases as examples
of class action reform litigation, the extent to which the cases provide a fair
remedy to aggrieved class members, triggered reform in the USDA, or were the
subject of fraud.




n4  WILLARD W. COCHRANE, THE DEVELOPMENT OF AMERICAN AGRICULTURE (1979) (giving
an historical account); USDA, NAT'L AGRIC. STATISTICS SERV., 2007 CENSUS OF
AGRICULTURE: AC-07-A-51 Farms Numbers, 16 tbl.8 (2007), available at
http://www.agcensus.usda.gov/Publications/2007/FullReport/usv1.pdf.




n5  USDA, 2007 CENSUS OF AGRICULTURE, supra note 4 at 53, tbl.49, 58-61, tbl.54.
Beginning in 1978--the first year for which the Agricultural Census tracked farm
operators by gender--through the present, women farmers are more likely to be
nonwhite when compared to male farmers. Penni Korb, Women Farmers in Transition,
in USDA ECON. RESEARCH SERV., AGRIC. INFO. BULLETIN NO. 797, STRUCTURAL AND
FINANCIAL CHARACTERISTICS OF U.S. FARMS: 2004 FAMILY FARM REPORT 63-75, tbl.6-5
(David E. Banker & James M. MacDonald eds., 2005), available at
http://www.ers.usda.gov/publications/aib797/aib797.pdf. But see Minnie Miller
Brown, Black Women in American Agriculture, 50 AGRIC. HIST. 202, 202-12 (1976)
(explaining the over-breadth of this general rule).




n6  African American, Native American, and Hispanic farmers are concentrated in
relatively separate rural regions of the nation and this has important
implications for farming. See Daniel D. Arreola, Settlement Geographies of
Mexican Americans, in CONTEMPORARY ETHNIC GEOGRAPHIES IN AMERICA 93-122 (Ines M.
Miyares & Christopher A. Airriess eds., 2007) (discussing the importance of
geographic location); Kate A. Berry et al., Native Americans, in CONTEMPORARY
ETHNIC GEOGRAPHIES IN AMERICA 51-70 (Ines M. Miyares & Christopher A. Airriess
eds., 2007); Glenn V. Fugutt, Population Change in Nonmetropolitan American, in
THE CHANGING AMERICAN COUNTRYSIDE: RURAL PEOPLE AND PLACES 77-100 (Emery N.
Castle ed., 1995) (discussing conditions and perceptions of rural America);
Bobby M. Wilson, The Historical Spaces of African Americans, in CONTEMPORARY
ETHNIC GEOGRAPHIES IN AMERICA 71-92 (Ines M. Miyares & Christopher A. Airriess
eds., 2007) (discussing the importance of geographic location).




n7  See Emery N. Castle, The Forgotten Hinterlands, in THE CHANGING AMERICAN
COUNTRYSIDE: RURAL PEOPLE AND PLACES, supra note 6, at 3-9.




n8  CAROLYN SACHS, INVISIBLE FARMERS: WOMEN IN AGRICULTURAL PRODUCTION xi
(1983).




n9  See Garcia v. Vilsack, 563 F.3d 519 (D.C. Cir. 2009); see also Pigford v.
Vilsack, 613 F. Supp. 2d 78 (D.C. Dist. 2009); Love v. Connor, 525 F. Supp. 2d
155 (D.C. Dist. 2007); Keepseagle v. Johanns, 236 F.R.D. 1 (D.C. Dist. 2006).




n10  See Garcia, 563 F.3d 519; see also Pigford, 613 F. Supp. 2d 78; Love, 525
F. Supp. 2d 155; Keepseagle, 236 F.R.D. 1.




n11  See Garcia, 563 F.3d 519; see also Pigford, 613 F. Supp. 2d 78; Love, 525
F. Supp. 2d 155; Keepseagle, 236 F.R.D. 1.




n12  THEDA PERDUE & MICHAEL D. GREEN, NORTH AMERICAN INDIANS: A VERY SHORT
INTRODUCTION 10 (2010) (discussing that at the time Europeans began to arrive,
"it [North America] was primarily an agricultural world." While some groups did
not farm--notably along the Pacific coast, or those that hunted on the plains,
the Great Basin, or in the far north--"everywhere else, in the desert Southwest,
in the Missouri River system, and east of the Mississippi River from the Great
Lakes to the Gulf of Mexico, the cultivation of corn, beans, and squash . . .
produced the bulk of food for Indian people."). For a standard account of Native
American agricultural history, see R. DOUGLAS HURT, INDIAN AGRICULTURE IN
AMERICA: PREHISTORY TO THE PRESENT (1997).




n13  See Korb, supra note 5, at 71 tbl.6-5.




n14  See id.




n15  See Adam Rothman, Slavery, the Civil War, and Reconstruction, in AMERICAN
HISTORY NOW 75-95 (Eric Foner & Lisa McGirr eds., 2011) (providing a
contemporary summary); see also JOHN HOPE FRANKLIN & ALFRED A. MOSS, JR., FROM
SLAVERY TO FREEDOM: A HISTORY OF AFRICAN AMERICANS (Peter Labella & Bob Greiner,
eds., 7th ed. 1994); see also W.E. Burghardt Dubois, The Negro Farmer, in
NEGROES IN THE UNITED STATES 69-99 (Dept. of Comm. & Labor, Bureau of the Census
1904).




n16  VERA J. BANKS, USDA ECON. RESEARCH SERV., BLACK FARMERS AND THEIR FARMS 2-3
(1986) (noting in 1950 there were about 560,000 African American farmers, and as
late as 1964 there were dozens of counties in which the majority of farmers were
African American).




n17  A large settlement of Mexican-Americans exists in the borderlands region
that stretches from California to Texas. Daniel D. Arreola, Settlement
Geographies of Mexican Americans, in CONTEMPORARY ETHNIC GEOGRAPHIES IN AMERICA
supra note 6, at 93-122 (summarizing both the incorporation of these settlements
into the United States and migration patterns into the United States); see also
Refugio I. Rochin, Rural Latinos: Evolving Conditions and Issues, in THE
CHANGING AMERICAN COUNTRYSIDE: RURAL PEOPLE AND PLACES supra note 6, at 286-302.




n18  USDA, NAT'L AGRIC. STATISTICS SERV., 2007 CENSUS OF AGRIC. FACT SHEETS
DEMOGRAPHICS HISPANIC FARMERS, available at
http://www.agcensus.usda.gov/Publications/2007/OnlineHighlights/FactSheets/Demog
raphics/hispanic.pdf.




n19  John Mack Faragher, History from the Inside-Out: Writing the History of
Women in Rural America, 33 AM. Q. 537, 540 (1981). From colonial times through
the nineteenth century, Euro-American women engaged in "one-third to more than
one-half of all the food production on family farms." Id.




n20  RACHEL ANN ROSENFELD, FARM WOMEN: WORK, FARM, AND FAMILY IN THE UNITED
STATES 52-53 (1985). In 1980, for example, a sociologist calculated that farm
women were putting in a fourty-one hour work week on farm tasks, and an
additional fifty-eight hour work-week for domestic tasks. Id.; see also Thomas
A. Lyson, Husband and Wife Work Roles and the Organization and Operation of
Family Farms, 47 MARRIAGE & FAMILY 759, 763-64 (1985) (using data from South
Carolina family farms to describe work done by women on family farms, including
both production activities and organizational activities).




n21  USDA NAT'L AGRIC. STATISTICS SERV., 2007 CENSUS OF AGRIC., FARMS WITH WOMEN
PRINCIPAL OPERATORS COMPARED WITH ALL FARMS (2007),
http://www.agcensus.usda.gov/Publications/2007/OnlineHighlights/Race,Ethnicityan
dGenderProfiles/reg99000.pdf.




n22  For an account of the tendency of scholars to neglect Asian American life
in rural areas, see Gary Y. Okihiro, Fallow Field: The Rural Dimension of Asian
American Studies, in FRONTIERS OF ASIAN AMERICAN STUDIES 6-13 (Gail M. Nomura et
al. eds., 1989). For one account of Asian Americans in farming, see Theodore
Saloutos, The Immigrant in Pacific Coast Agriculture, 1880-1940, 49 AGRIC.
HISTORY 182 (1975).




n23  See Jess Anna Speier, Hmong Farmers: In the Market and on the Move,
FARMERS' LEGAL ACTION GROUP (2001),
http://www.flaginc.org/topics/pubs/arts/CLEJAS.pdf.




n24  See Russell K. Robinson, Perceptual Segregation, 108 COLUM. L. REV. 1093,
1097 (2008) (discussing differing perceptions of allegations of discrimination).




n25  See generally Gerald P. Lopez, Lay Lawyering, 32 UCLA L. REV. 1 (1984)
(discussing the way the law values some stories, but not others).




n26  See generally Kerwin Kofi Charles & Jonathan Guryan, Studying
Discrimination: Fundamental Challenges and Recent Progress, 3 ANNUAL REVIEW OF
ECONOMICS 479, 479-511 (2011) (providing analysis of discrimination from an
economic viewpoint, including labor market outcomes); National Research Council
of the National Academies, MEASURING RACIAL DISCRIMINATION (Rebecca M. Black et
al. eds. 2004).




n27  See, e.g., IAN AYERS, PERVASIVE PREJUDICE? UNCONVENTIONAL EVIDENCE OF RACE
AND GENDER DISCRIMINATION 21, 167, 234 (William M. Landes & J. Mark Ramseyer
eds., 2001) (using empirical research to examine disparate treatment based on
race and gender in retail car negotiations, racial disparities in access to
kidney transplants, and discrimination in the bail bond market).




n28  Devah Pager & Hana Shepherd, The Sociology of Discrimination: Racial
Discrimination in Employment, Housing, Credit, and Consumer Markets, 34 ANN.
REV. SOC. 181, 200 (2008); John Yinger, Evidence of Discrimination in Consumer
Markets, 12 J. ECON. PERSP. 23, 38 (1998); see also HANDBOOK ON THE ECONOMICS OF
DISCRIMINATION (William M. Rodgers, III ed., 2006).




n29  See REN S. ESSENE & WILLIAM APGAR, JOINT CTR. FOR HOUS. STUDIES, HARVARD
UNIV., UNDERSTANDING MORTGAGE MARKET BEHAVIOR: CREATING GOOD MORTGAGE OPTIONS
FOR ALL AMERICANS (2007) (summarizing studies regarding discrimination in
lending); see also Michael S. Barr, Credit Where it Counts: The Community
Reinvestment Act and Its Critics, 80 N.Y.U. L. Rev. 513, 544-54 (2005)
(discussing credit discrimination, or redlining, which is refusing to lend to
low-income or minority communities).




n30  John A. Bargh & Erin L. Williams, The Automaticity of Social Life, 15
CURRENT DIRECTION PSYCH. SCI. 1 (2006) (discussing nonconscious mental processes
triggered by social environments); John A. Bargh, The Cognitive Monster: The
Case Against the Controllability of Automatic Stereotype Effects, in
DUAL-PROCESS THEORIES IN SOC. PSYCHOL. 361 (Shelly Chaiker & Yaacov Trope eds.,
1999) (exploring the dual process model of stereotyping and stereotype control
ability).




n31  Claudia Goldin & Cecilia Rouse, Orchestrating Impartiality: The Impact of
"Blind" Auditions on Female Musicians, 90 AM. ECON. REV. 715, 726 (2000).




n32  Id. at 715-16.




n33  Id. at 738.




n34  Marianne Bertrand & Sendhil Mullainathan, Are Emily and George More
Employable than Lakisha and Jamal? A Field Experiment on Labor Market
Discrimination, 94 AM. ECON. REV. 991, 992 (2004).




n35  Id.




n36  Id.




n37  Id. at 1006.




n38  Id. at 992.




n39  12 Stat. 387 (1862) (codified as amended at 7 U.S.C.  § 2201).




n40  See generally Love v. Johanns, 439 F.3d 723 (D.C. Cir. 2006) (relating to
discrimination by the USDA against female farmers); Keepseagle v. Veneman, No.
99-03119, 2001 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 25220 (D.C. Dist. 2001) (relating to
discrimination by the USDA against Native Americans farmers); Pigford v.
Glickman, 185 F.R.D. 82 (D.C. Dist. 1999) (relating to discrimination by the
USDA against African-American farmers).




n41  See, e.g., Pete Daniel, African American Farmers and Civil Rights, 1 J. S.
HIST. 3 (2007) (presenting a detailed historical account of USDA discrimination,
focusing on the 1960s); see also DAVID EUGENE CONRAD, THE FORGOTTEN FARMERS: THE
STORY OF SHARECROPPERS IN THE NEW DEAL (1965) (discussing New Deal policies that
were the forerunner of current USDA programs and explaining the role of race in
the way programs were implemented); DONALD H. GRUBBS, CRY FROM THE COTTON: THE
SOUTHERN TENANT FARMERS' UNION AND THE NEW DEAL (1971) (discussing New Deal
policies that were the forerunner of current USDA programs and explaining the
role of race in the way programs were implemented).




n42  See Ya Wu et al., A Decomposition Approach to Analyzing Racial and Gender
Biases (2009) (paper presented at the Agricultural & Applied Economics
Association 2009 AAEA Annual Meeting); Cesar L. Escalante et al., Credit Risk
Assessment and Racial Minority Lending at the Farm Service Agency, 38 J. AGRIC.
& APPLIED ECON. 61 (2006).




n43  See, e.g., U.S. COMM'N ON CIVIL RIGHTS, THE DECLINE OF BLACK FARMING IN
AMERICA (1982); U.S. GEN. ACCOUNTING OFFICE, GAO/RCED-99-38, PROBLEMS CONTINUE
TO HINDER THE TIMELY PROCESSING OF DISCRIMINATION COMPLAINTS (1999) [hereinafter
U.S. GEN. ACCOUNTING OFFICE, PROBLEMS CONTINUE]; H.B. REP. NO. 101-984 (1990).




n44  See U.S. GEN. ACCOUNTING OFFICE, GAO-02-942, IMPROVEMENTS IN THE OPERATIONS
OF THE CIVIL RIGHTS PROGRAM WOULD BENEFIT HISPANIC AND OTHER MINORITY FARMERS 14
(2002) [hereinafter U.S. GEN. ACCOUNTING OFFICE, IMPROVEMENTS]; U.S. GOV'T
ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE, GAO-08-755T, MANAGEMENT OF CIVIL RIGHTS EFFORTS CONTINUES
TO BE DEFICIENT DESPITE YEARS OF ATTENTION 1-3 (2008) [hereinafter U.S. GOV'T
ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE, MANAGEMENT]; U.S. GEN. ACCOUNTING OFFICE, PROBLEMS
CONTINUE, supra note 43, at 3.




n45  U.S. GEN. ACCOUNTING OFFICE, IMPROVEMENTS, supra note 44, at 14; U.S. GOV'T
ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE, MANAGEMENT, supra note 44, at 8; U.S. GEN. ACCOUNTING
OFFICE, PROBLEMS CONTINUE, supra note 43, at 15.




n46  See, e.g., Keepseagle v. Glickman, 194 F.R.D. 1 (D.C. Dist. 2000)
("Plaintiffs, a number of Native American farmers, allege that defendant
discriminated against them on the basis of their race in the review of their
applications for credit or benefit programs and that defendant failed to review
their administrative complaints of discrimination properly."); Pigford v.
Glickman, 185 F.R.D. 82, 86 (D.C. Dist. 1999) ("The plaintiffs in this case
allege . . . that when plaintiffs filed complaints of discrimination with the
USDA, the USDA failed properly to investigate and resolve those complaints.").




n47  See, e.g., U.S. COMM'N ON CIVIL RIGHTS, THE DECLINE OF BLACK FARMING IN
AMERICA 8-11 (1982) [hereinafter U.S. COMM'N ON CIVIL RIGHTS, DECLINE]
(examining discrimination in federal farm credit programs and describing
previous reports on discrimination at the USDA).




n48  Id.




n49  Id. at 176-77.




n50  Id. at 177.




n51  Id. at 151 n.53.




n52  See, e.g., U.S. COMM'N ON CIVIL RIGHTS, EQUAL OPPORTUNITY IN FARM PROGRAMS:
AN APPRAISAL OF SERVICES RENDERED BY AGENCIES OF THE UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF
AGRICULTURE 105-06 (1965).




n53  H.R. REP. NO. 101-984 (1990).




n54  Id. at 11.




n55  Id. at 41.




n56  CIVIL RIGHTS ACTION TEAM, USDA, CIVIL RIGHTS AT THE UNITED STATES
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE (1997).




n57  Id. at 6, 12.




n58  Id. at 2.




n59  Id. at 12.




n60  Id.




n61  Id. at 47.




n62  Id. at 31.




n63  See, e.g., U.S. GEN. ACCOUNTING OFFICE, GAO/RCED-97-41, FARM PROGRAMS:
EFFORTS TO ACHIEVE EQUITABLE TREATMENT OF MINORITY FARMERS (1997); U.S. GEN.
ACCOUNTING OFFICE, IMPROVEMENTS, supra note 44; U.S. GEN. ACCOUNTING OFFICE,
GAO-03-96, USDA: MAJOR MANAGEMENT CHALLENGES AND PROGRAM RISKS (2003); U.S.
GOV'T ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE, MANAGEMENT, supra note 44; U.S. GEN. ACCOUNTING
OFFICE, PROBLEMS CONTINUE, supra note 43; U.S. GOV'T ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE,
GAO-09-650T, USDA: RECOMMENDATIONS AND OPTIONS AVAILABLE TO THE NEW
ADMINISTRATION AND CONGRESS TO ADDRESS LONG-STANDING CIVIL RIGHTS ISSUES (2009);
U.S. GOV'T ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE, GAO-09-62, USDA: RECOMMENDATIONS AND OPTIONS
TO ADDRESS MANAGEMENT DEFICIENCIES IN THE OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR
CIVIL RIGHTS (2008).




n64  U.S. GOV'T ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE, MANAGEMENT, supra note 44, at 24.




n65  Id. at 16-17.




n66  Id. at 24.




n67  See OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL, USDA, NO. 60801-2-HQ, EVALUATION OF THE
OFFICE OF CIVIL RIGHTS' EFFORTS TO IMPLEMENT CIVIL RIGHTS SETTLEMENTS (1999);
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL, USDA, NO. 60801-1-HQ, EVALUATION OF THE OFFICE OF
CIVIL RIGHTS' EFFORTS TO REDUCE THE BACKLOG OF PROGRAM COMPLAINTS (1998); OFFICE
OF INSPECTOR GENERAL, USDA, NO. 50801-5-HQ, EVALUATION REPORT: IMPLEMENTATION OF
OIG'S RECOMMENDATIONS-DEPARTMENT'S CIVIL RIGHTS COMPLAINT SYSTEM AND THE DIRECT
FARM LOAN PROGRAM (1998); OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL, USDA, NO. 50801-3-HQ,
MINORITY PARTICIPATION IN FARM SERVICE AGENCY'S FARM LOAN PROGRAMS-PHASE II
(1997); OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL, USDA NO. 50801-4-HQ, NATIONWIDE DATA ON
MINORITY PARTICIPATION IN FARM SERVICE AGENCY'S FARM LOAN PROGRAMS-PHASE III
(1997); OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL, USDA, NO. 60801-4-HQ, OFFICE OF CIVIL
RIGHTS STATUS OF THE IMPLEMENTATION OF RECOMMENDATIONS MADE IN PRIOR EVALUATIONS
OF PROGRAM COMPLAINTS (2000) [hereinafter OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL, STATUS];
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL, USDA, NO. 50801-2-HQ, REPORT FOR THE SECRETARY ON
CIVIL RIGHTS ISSUES-PHASE 1 (1997).




n68  OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL, STATUS, supra note 67, at 1.




n69  Id. at 2.




n70  OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL, USDA, MANAGEMENT CHALLENGES 21 (2007).




n71  Pigford v. Glickman, 185 F.R.D. 82, 103-04 (D.C. Dist. 1999).




n72  USDA, NAT'L COMM'N ON SMALL FARMS, A TIME TO ACT: A REPORT OF THE USDA
NATIONAL COMMISSION ON SMALL FARMS 25-27 (1998).




n73  See FARM AID ET AL., DON'T BANK ON IT: FARMERS FACE SIGNIFICANT BARRIERS TO
CREDIT ACCESS DURING ECONOMIC DOWNTURN 3 (2011), available at
http://documents.foodandwaterwatch.org/doc/farm-credit-survey.pdf (discussing
barriers to credit access and consequences for farmers).




n74  See USDA, FISCAL YEAR 2013 BUDGET SUMMARY AND ANNUAL PERFORMANCE PLAN 18
(2012) (discussing the current demand for credit).




n75  Janet Perry, Small Farms in the U.S., AGRIC. OUTLOOK, May 1998, at 24.




n76  7 U.S.C.  § 1941(a) (2006).




n77  Charles Dodson & Steve Koenig, The Major Farm Lenders: A Look at their
Clientele, AGRIC. OUTLOOK, Dec. 1994, at 24; Perry, supra note 75, at 24-25.




n78  See Steve Koenig & Charles Dodson, FSA Credit Programs Target Minority
Farmers, AGRIC. OUTLOOK, Nov. 1999, at 14 (stating racial and ethnic minorities
generally rely on FSA loan programs); see also, e.g., Pigford v. Glickman, 185
F.R.D. 82, 86 (1999) (claiming many minority farmers depend on credit and
benefits from the USDA).




n79  Compare Settlement Agreement at 21, Keepseagle v. Vilsack, No. 1:99CV03119
(2010), and Settlement Agreement at 15, In re Black Farmers Discrimination
Litigation (No. 08-MC-0511) (2011), with Equal Credit Opportunity Act, 15 U.S.C.
§ 1691 (2006).




n80  15 U.S.C.  § 1691(a). Other protected classes are religion, marital status,
age, the receipt of public assistance income, and the exercise of rights under
the Consumer Credit Protection Act. Id.




n81  Id. at § 1691(b)-(c).




n82  Id. at § 1691(e) (defining "creditor" to encompass "any person who
regularly extends, renews, or continues credit . . . .").




n83  Id. at § 1691e(b)-(d); 12 C.F.R.  § 202.16(b) (2012); see also 12 C.F.R.  §
202.16 (supp. I 2012). See generally THOMAS P. VARTANIAN, ET AL., THE FAIR
LENDING GUIDE (1997) (detailing ECOA from a creditor point of view).




n84  ALYS COHEN ET AL., NAT'L CONSUMER LAW CTR., CREDIT DISCRIMINATION 2-3 (5th
ed. 2009). This National Consumer Law Center publication is frequently updated
and provides the best account of the workings of credit discrimination law. See
id.




n85  McDonell Douglas Corp. v. Green, 411 U.S. 792, 802 (1973).




n86  Id.




n87  Id.; see also Cooley v. Sterling Bank, 280 F. Supp. 2d 1331, 1339 (2003).




n88  15 U.S.C.  § 1691a(b).




n89  12 C.F.R.  § 202.2(e) (2012).




n90  Id. Regulation B, for that matter defines an application as "an oral or
written request for an extension of credit that is made in accordance with
procedures used by a creditor for the type of credit request." Id. at §
202.2(f). See COHEN ET AL., supra note 84, at 24 (explaining an applicant need
not submit a full application to a creditor).




n91  See, e.g., McDonnell Douglas Corp., 411 U.S. at 802 n.13 ("The facts
necessarily will vary in Title VII cases, and the specification above the prima
facie proof required from the respondent is not necessarily applicable in every
respect to differing factual situations.").




n92  Id.




n93  See, e.g., Desert Palace, Inc. v. Costa, 539 U.S. 90, 94-101 (2003)
(holding that heightened showing was not necessary to prove discrimination,
circumstantial evidence was sufficient).




n94  McDonnell Douglas Corp., 411 U.S. at 802-3.




n95  Id. at 803.




n96  Pigford v. Glickman, 185 F.R.D. 82, 86 (D.C. Dist. 1999).




n97  Id.; see also TADLOCK COWAN & JODY FEDER, CONG. RESEARCH SERV., RS 20430,
THE PIGFORD CASES: USDA SETTLEMENT OF DISCRIMINATION SUITS BY BLACK FARMERS 4
(2011).




n98  OFFICE OF THE MONITOR, NATIONAL STATISTICS REGARDING PIGFORD V. VILSACK
TRACK A IMPLEMENTATION AS OF FEBRUARY 16, 2012 (2012), available at
http://www.dcd.uscourts.gov/pigfordmonitor/stats/ [hereinafter OFFICE OF THE
MONITOR NAT'L STATISTICS].




n99  Keepseagle v. Veneman, No. 99-03119, 2001 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 25220, at *47
(D.C. Dist. 2001); Order Granting Final Approval of Settlement Agreement, No.
99-03119, 2001 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 25220 (D.C. DIST. 2011).




n100  Important Dates, KEEPSEAGLE V. VILSACK SETTLEMENT,
https://www.indianfarmclass.com/dates.aspx (last visited June 4, 2012).




n101  Settlement Agreement at 12, 26 Keepseagle v. Vilsack No. 1:99CV03119 (D.C.
Dist. 2010) (Providing for $ 680 million in the Total Compensation Fund and $ 80
million in Debt Relief Award).




n102  Order and Judgment at 7, In re Black Farmers Discrimination Litig. No.
08-mc-0511 (D.C. Dist. 2011).




n103  Settlement Agreement at 2, In re Black Farmers Discrimination Litig. No.
08-mc-0511 (D.C. Dist. 2011).




n104  Order and Judgment at 10, In re Black Farmers Discrimination Litig. No.
08-mc-0511 (D.C. Dist. 2011).




n105  Settlement Agreement at 2, In re Black Farmers Discrimination Litig. No.
08-mc-0511 (D.C. Dist. 2011).




n106  Garcia v. Johanns, 444 F. 3d. 625, 636 (D.C. Cir. 2006); USDA
Discrimination Cases, FARMERS' LEGAL ACTION GROUP,
http://www.flaginc.org/topics/discrimination/index.php (last visited June 4,
2012).




n107  USDA Discrimination Cases, supra note 106.




n108  Love v. Veneman, 224 F.R.D. 240 (2004) aff'd in part sub nom; Love v.
Johanns, 439 F.3d 723 (2006) (remanded on other grounds); USDA Discrimination
Cases, FARMERS' LEGAL ACTION GROUP,
http://www.flaginc.org/topics/discrimination/index.php (last visited June 4,
2012).




n109  Press Release, USDA, Agriculture Secretary Vilsack and Assistant Attorney
General Tony West Announce Process to Resolve Discrimination Claims of Hispanic
and Women Farmers (Feb. 25, 2011), available at
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?contentidonly=true&contentid=2011/0
2/0085.xml;see also Press Release, USDA, Agriculture Secretary Vilsack Announces
Updated and Improved Process to Resolve Discrimination Claims of Hispanic and
Women Farmers (Jan. 25, 2012), available at
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?contentidonly=true&contentid=2012/0
1/0024.xml (declaring updates to the initial administrative process).




n110  See Monitor's Final Report on Good Faith Implementation of the Consent
Decree and Recommendation for Status Conference, Pigford v. Vilsack, No. 97-1978
tbl.4 (D.C. Dist. 2012) (final report on implementation and recommendation to
have regular conference calls until fully implemented); see also Pigford v.
Glickman, 185 F.R.D. 82, 94 (D.C. Dist. 1999).




n111  Pigford v. Glickman, 182 F.R.D. 341, 351-52 (D.C. Dist. 1998).




n112  Pigford v. Glickman, 185 F.R.D. at 113; see Monitor's Final Report on Good
Faith Implementation of the Consent Decree and Recommendation for Status
Conference, Pigford v. Vilsack, No. 97-1978 (D.C. Dist. 2012); see also COWAN
AND FEDER, supra note 97; U.S. GOV'T ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE, GAO-06-469R, PIGFORD
SETTLEMENT: THE ROLE OF THE COURT-APPOINTED MONITOR (2006); Kristol Bradley
Ginapp, Jim "USDA" Crow: Systematic Discrimination in Agriculture, 8 DRAKE J.
AGRIC. L. 237 (2003); Stephen Carpenter, Discrimination in Agricultural Lending,
33 CLEARINGHOUSE REV. 166 (1999); ENVTL. WORKING GROUP, OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE:
USDA UNDERMINES HISTORIC CIVIL RIGHTS SETTLEMENT WITH BLACK FARMERS (2004),
available at http://www.ewg.org/book/export/html/8476 (providing analysis of
Pigford).




n113  See Monitor's Final Report on Good Faith Implementation of the Consent
Decree and Recommendation for Status Conference at 19-20, Pigford v. Vilsack No.
97-1978 (D.C. Dist. 2012) (process for filing late claims complete).




n114  See id. at 1.




n115  Omnibus Consolidated and Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act, 1999,
Pub. L. No. 105-277, § 741, 112 Stat. 2681, 2681-30 (1998).




n116  The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, Pub. L. No.
111-203, 124 Stat. 1376, 2085 (2010) (codified at 15 U.S.C.  § 1691e(f) (Supp.
IV 2010) (extending the statute of limitations to five years).




n117  See Pigford v. Glickman, 185 F.R.D. 82, 88 (D.C. Dist. 1999).




n118  Pigford v. Glickman, 182 F.R.D. 341, 351-52 (D.C. Dist. 1998).




n119  Pigford v. Glickman, 185 F.R.D. at 92.




n120  Id.




n121  Id.




n122  Id.




n123  Id. at 92-93.




n124  See generally id. at 86-87 (discussing farm benefit programs offered by
the USDA).




n125  See id. at 92 (noting that the class explicitly includes only applicants
for participation in a "federal farm credit or benefit program").




n126  Id.




n127  Id.




n128  Consent Decree at 7, Pigford v. Glickman, 185 F.R.D. 82 (D.C. Dist. 1999)
(No. 97-1978).




n129  See id. at 10.




n130  Id. at 11; see also OFFICE OF THE MONITOR, MONITOR UPDATE: LATE CLAIM
DEADLINE, (2003), available at
http:www.dcd.uscourts.gov/pigfordmonitor/updates/update01.pdf; OFFICE OF THE
MONITOR, MONITOR UPDATE: UNDERSTANDING WHO IS PART OF THE PIGFORD CASE (2002),
available at http://www.dcd.uscourts.gov/pigfordmonitor/updates/update11.pdf.




n131  Order at 2, Pigford v. Glickman, 185 F.R.D. 82 (D.C. Dist. Dec. 20, 1999)
(No. 97-1978).




n132  See Status of the Implementation of the Pigford v. Glickman Settlement:
Hearing Before the Subcomm. on the Const. of the H. Comm. on the Judiciary,
108th Cong. 42, 43 (2004) (statement of Michael K. Lewis, Adjudicator, Pigford
v. Glickman).




n133  In re Black Farmers Discrimination Litig. Misc. No. 08-0511, slip op. at
9-10 (D.C. Dist. 2011).




n134  Consent Decree at 13, Pigford v. Glickman, 185 F.R.D. 82 (D.C. Dist. 1999)
(No. 97-1978).




n135  Id.




n136  Id. at 14; see Stipulation and Order at 1-3, Pigford v. Glickman, 185
F.D.R. 82 (D.C. Dist. 1999) (No. 97-1978); see also OFFICE OF THE MONITOR,
MONITOR UPDATE: NONCREDIT CLAIMS--$ 3,000 FOR EACH PREVAILING CLASS MEMBER
(2003), available at
http://www.dcd.uscourts.gov/pigfordmonitor/updates/update09.pdf (explaining that
a noncredit claim meant essentially any USDA farm program that did not involve
the farm loan programs).




n137  Consent Decree at 14, Pigford v. Glickman, 185 F.R.D. 82 (D.C. Dist. 1999)
(No. 97-1978).




n138  Id.




n139  Id.




n140  See OFFICE OF THE MONITOR, MONITOR UPDATE: ELIGIBILITY AND MONITOR REVIEW
(2002) available at
http://www.dcd.uscourts.gov/pigfordmonitor/updates/update05.pdf (explaining that
eligibility includes participation in credit or benefit program).




n141  Consent Decree at 14, Pigford v. Glickman, 185 F.R.D. 82 (D.C. Dist. 1999)
(No. 97-1978).




n142  Id.




n143  Id.




n144  Id.




n145  Id.




n146  See FARMERS' LEGAL ACTION GROUP, INC., FARMERS' GUIDE TO FMHA 10.1-90 (4th
ed. 1990).




n147  Consent Decree at 14, Pigford v. Glickman, 185 F.R.D. 82 (D.C. Dist. 1999)
(No. 97-1978).




n148  Id.




n149  Id.




n150  See id. at 8 (identifying the claim documents required to be eligible for
relief); see also id. at 13 (allowing the USDA to respond to any Track A claim).




n151  Id. at 14.




n152  Id. at 5.




n153  Id. at 22.




n154  Id.




n155  Id.




n156  OFFICE OF THE MONITOR, NAT'L STATISTICS, supra note 98.




n157  Monitor's Final Report on Good Faith Implementation of the Consent Decree
and Recommendation for Status Conference, Pigford v. Vilsack, No. 97-1978 tbl.6
(D.C. Dist. 2012).




n158  Id. (showing fifty-nine percent of the adjudications were originally
approved, but after re-examination, sixty-nine percent in total were approved).




n159  Id. (other relief included non-credit rewards, IRS payments, and debt
relief).




n160  Id.




n161  Consent Decree at 15, Pigford v. Glickman, 185 F.R.D. 82 (D.C. Dist. 1999)
(No. 97-1978).




n162  Id.




n163  OFFICE OF THE MONITOR, MONITOR UPDATE: FEDERAL INCOME TAX AND DEBT RELIEF
(2009), available at
http://www.dcd.uscourts.gov/pigfordmonitor/updates/update16.pdf.




n164  Id.




n165  Id.




n166  See OFFICE OF THE MONITOR, MONITOR UPDATE: DEBT RELIEF FOR PREVAILING
CLASS MEMBERS (2008), available at
http://www.dcd.uscourts.gov/pigfordmonitor/updates/update10.pdf (describing
various scenarios for debt relief).




n167  Consent Decree at 15, Pigford v. Glickman, 185 F.R.D. 82 (D.C. Dist. 1999)
(No. 97-1978).




n168  Id. at 20-1.




n169  Id. at 21-2.




n170  Id. at 15.




n171  Id. at 19.




n172  OFFICE OF THE MONITOR, NAT'L STATISTICS, supra note 98.




n173  Consent Decree at 19, Pigford v. Glickman, 185 F.R.D. 82 (D.C. Dist. 1999)
(No. 97-1978).




n174  Compare id. at 14-16, with id. at 19-20.




n175  Monitor's Final Report on Good Faith Implementation of the Consent Decree
and Recommendation for Status Conference, Pigford v. Vilsack, No. 97-1978 app.
29 (D.C. Dist. 2012).




n176  Id. app. 26.




n177  Consent Decree at 19, Pigford v. Glickman, 185 F.R.D. 82 (D.C. Dist. 1999)
(No. 97-1978).




n178  See generally id. at 19-20 (indicating no maximum amount for awards).




n179  Id. at 24.




n180  Keepseagle v. Glickman, 194 F.R.D. 1 (D.C. Dist. 2000). For background on
Indian farming and ranching during the class period, see HENRY W. KIPP, U.S.
DEP'T OF INTERIOR BUREAU OF INDIAN AFFAIRS, INDIANS IN AGRICULTURE: A HISTORICAL
SKETCH (1988); R. Douglas Hurt, Agriculture, in ENCYCLOPEDIA OF N. AM. INDIANS 7
(Frederick E. Hoxie ed., 1996); Peter Iverson, Herding and Ranching, in
ENCYCLOPEDIA OF N. AM. INDIANS 241(Federick E. Hoxie ed., 1996); Terry L.
Anderson & Dean Lueck, Land Tenure and Agricultural Productivity on Indian
Reservations, 35 J. L. & ECON. 427 (1992); Raymond Cross, Keeping the American
Indian Rancher on the Land: A Socio-Legal Analysis of the Rise and the Demise of
American Indian Ranching on the Northern Great Plains, 49 WASHBURN L.J. 745
(2010); Theodore E. Downing, The Crisis in American Indian and Non-Indian
Farming, AGRIC. & HUMAN VALUES, Summer 1985, at 18; JESSICA SHOEMAKER, FARM AND
RANCH ISSUES IN INDIAN COUNTRY (2006), available at
http://www.flaginc.org/topics/pubs/arts/CLEJS.pdf.




n181  Keepseagle v. Glickman, 194 F.R.D. 1.




n182  Settlement Agreement at 9, Keepseagle v. Vilsack, No. 1:99CV03119 (D.C.
Dist. 2010) (explaining that a class was judicially established on September 28,
2001).




n183  USDA to Pay $ 760 Million in Keepseagle Settlement, NATIVE AMERICAN TIMES,
Apr. 28, 2011,
http://www.nativetimes.com/news/federal/5302-usda-to-pay-760-million-in-keepseag
le-settlement.




n184  Important Dates, KEEPSEAGLE V. VILSACK SETTLEMENT,
https://www.indianfarmclass.com/dates.aspx (last visited June 4, 2012).




n185  Settlement Agreement at 42, Keepseagle v. Vilsack, No. 1:99CV03119 (D.C.
Dist. 2010).




n186  Id. at 12.




n187  Id. at 3.




n188  Compare Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and
Related Agencies Appropriation Act, Pub. L. No. 105-277, § 741, 112 Stat. 2681,
2681-30 (1999) (codified at 7 U.S.C.  § 2297) (waiving the statute of
limitations for civil rights actions dealing with alleged discrimination, thus
allowing Pigford to proceed), with Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act, Pub. L. No. 111-203, § 1085, 124 Stat. B76 (2010) (codified at
15 U.S.C.  § 1691e(f)) (extending ECOA statute of limitations from two to five
years, thus allowing Keepseagle to proceed); see also ALYS COHEN ET AL., CREDIT
DISCRIMINATION 31 (5th ed. 2009) (describing Congressional action to waive the
statute of limitations for the Pigford case); Cohen et al., supra note 84, at
56.




n189  See, e.g., In re Veneman 309 F.3d 789 (D.C. Cir. 2002); Keepseagle v.
Johanns, 236 F.R.D. 1 (D.C. Dist. 2006).




n190  See Settlement Agreement at 1-2, 15 Keepseagle v. Vilsack, No. 1:99CV03119
(D.C. Dist. 2010) (stating those who already filed claims in Pigford cannot make
a claim in Keepseagle).




n191  Id. at 1-2.




n192  Id. at 4.




n193  Id. at 5.




n194  Id. at 1.




n195  Id. at 1-2.




n196  Id.




n197  See id. at 1 (omitting noncredit USDA programs).




n198  See id.




n199  See id. at 1-2.




n200  See id. at 2.




n201  Compare id. at 15-26 (describing the claims process), with Consent Decree
at 7, Pigford v. Glickman 185 F.R.D. 82 (D.C. Dist. 1999) (No. 97-1978).




n202  Settlement Agreement at 14-32, 15, Keepseagle v. Vilsack, No. 1:99CVO3119
(D.C. Dist. 2010).




n203  See id. at 21-23.




n204  See id. at 21.




n205  See id.




n206  See id.




n207  See id.




n208  Id.




n209  Id.




n210  Id.




n211  Compare Consent Decree at 44-45, Pigford v. Glickman, 185 F.R.D. 82 (D.C.
Dist. 1999) (No. 97-1978), with Settlement Agreement at 21, Keepseagle v.
Vilsack, No. 1:99CV03119 (D.C. Dist. 2010).




n212  Settlement Agreement at 21, Keepseagle v. Vilsack, No. 1:99CV03119 (D.C.
Dist. 2010).




n213  Id.




n214  Id. at 24.




n215  Pigford v. Glickman, 185 F.R.D. at 97 (D.C. Dist. 1999) (citing Consent
Decree at 16-17, Pigford v. Glickman, 185 F.R.D. 82 (D.C. Dist. 1999) (No.
97-1978)).




n216  See generally Settlement Agreement, Keepseagle v. Vilsack, No. 1:99CV03119
(D.C. Dist. 2010).




n217  Id. at 24.




n218  Id. at 21, 24.




n219  Id. at 21-22.




n220  Id. at 21.




n221  Id.




n222  Id. at 6.




n223  Id. at 22.




n224  Id.




n225  Id.




n226  Id.




n227  See Consent Decree, Pigford v. Glickman, 185 F.R.D. 82 (D.C. Dist. 1999)
(No. 97-1978).




n228  Settlement Agreement at 22, Keepseagle v. Vilsack, No. 1:99CV03119 (D.C.
Dist. 2010).




n229  Id.




n230  Id. at 23.




n231  Id.




n232  Compare id. at 18 (providing that "the Secretary and/or the United States
shall have no obligation to provide any information, documents, or discovery to
the Class, Class Members, or Class Counsel."), with Consent Decree at 13,
Pigford v. Glickman, 185 F.R.D. 82 (D.C. Dist. 1999) (No. 97-1978) (expressing
that USDA may "provide to the adjudicator assigned to the claim, and to class
counsel, and information or materials that are relevant to the issues of
liability and/or damages.").




n233  See Settlement Agreement at 21-3, Keepseagle v. Vilsack, No. 1:99CV03119
(D.C. Dist. 2010).




n234  Compare id. at 18, with Consent Decree at 17, Pigford v. Glickman, 185
F.R.D. 82 (D.C. Dist. 1999).




n235  See Settlement Agreement at 26-32, Keepseagle v. Vilsack, No. 1:99CV03119
(D.C. Dist. 2010).




n236  Id. at 7.




n237  Id.




n238  Id.




n239  Id. at 3.




n240  Id. at 14.




n241  Id. at 23.




n242  Id. at 7-8.




n243  Id. at 23.




n244  Id. at 43.




n245  Id. at 26.




n246  Id. at 38.




n247  Consent Decree, Pigford v. Glickman, No. 97-1978 (D.C. Dist. 1999).




n248  Settlement Agreement at 33, Keepseagle v. Vilsack, No. 1:99CV03119 (D.C.
Dist. 2010).




n249  Id.




n250  Id. at 36-37.




n251  Id. at 37.




n252  Id. at 36.




n253  See id. at 37-38 (requiring Class Counsel to engage in ongoing review for
revisions with the Council for Native American Farming and Ranching).




n254  Id. at 35.




n255  Id. at 35; see also 7 U.S.C.  § 2279 (e)(1)-(2) (2006) (providing the
statutory definition of "Socially Disadvantaged Farmer or Rancher" used by the
USDA).




n256  Settlement Agreement at 35, Keepseagle v. Vilsack, No. 1:99CV03119 (D.C.
Dist. 2010).




n257  Id. at 37; Consent Decree at 15, Pigford v. Glickman, No. 97-1978 (D.C.
Dist. 1999).




n258  See Settlement Agreement at 38-39, Keepseagle v. Vilsack, No. 1:99CV03119
(D.C. Dist. 2010).




n259  See id. at 6, 8.




n260  See id. at 42.




n261  Compare id. (indicating that Class Counsel would seek attorneys' fees in
the amount of 4-8% of the $ 760 million class common fund), with Consent Decree
at 24, Pigford v. Glickman, No. 97-1978 (D.C. Dist. 1999) (outlining counsel's
entitlement to reasonable attorneys' fees and a one-time payment of $ 1 million
to be credited against the class award).




n262  Memorandum of Law in Support of Plaintiff's Motion for an Award of
Attorney's Fees and Expenses at 1-2, Keepseagle v. Vilsack No. 1:99CV03119 (D.C.
Dist. 2010).




n263  Order and Judgment at 13, In re Black Farmers Discrimination Litig. No.
08-0511 (D.C. Dist. 2011); Settlement Agreement at 1, In re Black Farmers
Discrimination Litig. No. 08-MC-0511 (D.C.C. 2011).




n264  Settlement Agreement at 2, In re Black Farmers Discrimination Litig. No.
08-MC-0511 (D.C.C. 2011).




n265  Order and Judgment at 10, In re Black Farmers Discrimination Litig. No.
08-MC-0511 (D.C.C. 2011).




n266  Settlement Agreement at 39, In re Black Farmers Discrimination Litig. No.
08-MC-0511 (D.C.C. 2011).




n267  Id. at 2.




n268  Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008, H.R. 2419, 110th Cong.  §
14012(b) (2008).




n269  H.R. 2419, § 14012(c).




n270  Claims Resolution Act of 2010, H.R. 4783, 111th Cong.  § 201(b) (2010).




n271  Settlement Agreement at 2, In re Black Farmers Black Farmers
Discrimination Litig. No. 08-MC-0511 (D.C.C. 2011).




n272  Id. at 9.




n273  Id. at 9, 20.




n274  Id. at 6.




n275  See id. at 20 (describing the process for using independent documentary
evidence to prove that a late-filing request was submitted).




n276  Id. at 9.




n277  See id. at 20-21.




n278  Compare id. at 19-22, with Consent Decree at 13-20, Pigford v. Glickman,
No. 97-1978 (D.C. Dist. 1999), and Settlement Agreement at 19-32, Keepseagle v.
Vilsack, No. 1:99CV03119 (D.C. Dist. 2010) (all stating the determinations in
each settlement are done on a claimant-by-claimant analysis of their claims).




n279  Settlement Agreement at 19-20, In re Black Farmers Discrimination Litig.
No. 08-MC-0511 (D.C.C. 2011).




n280  Compare id. at 20, with Settlement Agreement, Keepseagle v. Vilsack No.
1:99CV03119 (D.C. Dist. 2010).




n281  Settlement Agreement at 22-25, In re Black Farmers Discrimination Litig.
No. 08-MC-0511 (D.C.C. 2011).




n282  Id. at 22.




n283  Id.




n284  Id.




n285  Id.




n286  Id.




n287  Id. at 23.




n288  Id.




n289  Id.




n290  Id.




n291  Id. at 23-24.




n292  Id. at 24.




n293  Id.




n294  Id. at 23.




n295  See id. at 22-25 (noting the absence of a minimum level).




n296  Id. at 23.




n297  Compare id. at 23, with Consent Decree at 8-9, Pigford v. Glickman, No.
97-1978 (D.C. Dist. 1999), and Settlement Agreement at 1-2, Keepseagle v.
Vilsack, No. 1:99CV03119 (D.C. Dist. 2010) (noting terms of the settlements are
similar in language and effect).




n298  Settlement Agreement at 23, In re Black Farmers Discrimination Litig. No.
08-MC-0511 (D.C.C. 2011).




n299  Id.




n300  Id.




n301  Compare id. at 22-25, with Settlement Agreement at 21-23, Keepseagle v.
Vilsack, No. 1:99CV03119 (D.C. Dist. 2010).




n302  Settlement Agreement at 23, In re Black Farmers Discrimination Litig. No.
08-MC-0511 (D.C.C. 2011).




n303  Id. at 22.




n304  Id. at 23.




n305  See id. at 24.




n306  Id.




n307  Id.




n308  See id. at 7 (A "Track A Award" includes a defined Track A "Liquidated
Award," "Tax Award," and "Loan Award").




n309  See id. at 8 (indicating Track A Awards may be reduced subject to number
of meritorious claims).




n310  Id. at 7.




n311  Id.




n312  Id. at 18.




n313  Id. at 8.




n314  Id.




n315  Id. at 3, 26.




n316  Id. 32-33.




n317  Id. at 9.




n318  Id.




n319  Id. at 8.




n320  Id.




n321  Id. at 25.




n322  Id.




n323  Id. at 18.




n324  Id.




n325  Id.




n326  Id. at 32; Order of Reference, In re Black Farmers Discrimination Litig.
No. 08-MC0511 (D.C.C. 2012).




n327  Id.




n328  See id.




n329  Id. at 38-39.




n330  Compare id., with Consent Decree, Pigford v. Glickman, No. 97-1978 (D.C.
Dist. Apr. 14, 1999).




n331  Settlement Agreement at 38, In re Black Farmers Discrimination Litig., No.
08-MC-0511 (D.C. Dist. May 13, 2011) ($ 90 million is not specifically asked
for, but Class Counsel asks for 7.4% of the fee base, and the fee base is $ 1
hundred million plus $ 1.25 billion minus $ 22.5 million).




n332  Compare id., with Consent Decree, Pigford v. Glickman, No. 97-1978 (D.C.
Dist. Apr. 14, 1999). But contra Settlement Agreement, Keepseagle v. Vilsack,
No. 1:99CV03119 (D.C. Dist. Nov. 1, 2010) (detailing new procedures to be
implemented per the settlement agreement).




n333  Garcia v. Johanns, 444 F.3d 625, 633, 637 (D.C. Cir. 2006). The case is
discussed in JODY FEDER & TADLOCK COWAN, CONG. RESEARCH SERV., GARCIA V.
VILSACK: A POLICY AND LEGAL ANALYSIS OF A USDA DISCRIMINATION CASE (2010). See
generally Refugio Rochin, The Conversion of Chicano Farm Workers into
Owner-Operators of Cooperative Farms, 1970-1985, 51(1) RURAL SOCIOLOGY 97 (1986)
(discussing Hispanic farming during the 1970s and 1980s).




n334  Love v. Johanns, 439 F.3d 723, 730-32 (D.C. Cir. 2006); Love v. Veneman
224 F.R.D. 240, 246 (D.C. Dist. 2004). For discussion of women in farming during
the class period, see C. Milton Coughenour & Louis Swanson, Work Status and
Occupations of Men and Women in Farm Families and the Structure of Farms, 48
RURAL SOCIOLOGY 23 (1983); CALVIN JONES ET AL., NAT'L OP. RESEARCH CTR., NORC
REP. NO. 130, AMERICAN FARM WOMEN: FINDINGS FROM A NATIONAL SURVEY (1981);
Frances Hill, Farm Women: Challenge to Scholarship, 6 RURAL SOCIOLOGIST 379
(1981); Jane E. Meiners & Geraldine I. Olson, Household, Paid and Unpaid Work
Time of Farm Women, 36(4) FAMILY RELATIONS 407 (October 1987); MARK FRIEDERBER,
FARM FAMILIES AND CHANGE IN TWENTIETH-CENTURY AMERICA (1988); RACHEL ANN
ROSENFELD, FARM WOMEN: WORK, FARM, AND FAMILY IN THE UNITED STATES (1985);
Rachel A. Rosenfeld, U.S. Farm Women: Their Part in Farm Work and Decision
Making, 13(2) WORK AND OCCUPATIONS 179 (1986); SONYA SALAMON, PRAIRIE PATRIMONY:
FAMILY, FARMING AND COMMUNITY IN THE MIDWEST (1992). For a more contemporary
discussion, see Cesar L. Escalante et al., Gender Bias in Farm Service Agency's
Lending Decisions, 34(2) J. OF AGRIC. & RES. ECON. 332 (2009).




n335  Garcia v. Johanns, 444 F. 3d 625, 633 (D.C. App. 2006); Love v. Johanns,
439 F.3d 723, 733 (D.C. App. 2006); Garcia v. Veneman, 224 F.R.D. 8, 14-15 (D.C.
Dist. 2004); Love v. Veneman, 224 F.R.D. 240 (D.C. Dist. 2004); Garcia v.
Veneman, 211 F.R.D. 15, 19 (D.C. Dist. 2002).




n336  Garcia v. Johanns, 444 F.3d 625, 148; Love v. Johanns, 439 F.3d 723, 727;
Love v. Veneman, 284 F.R.D. 8, 9 (D.C. Dist. 2004); Garcia v. Veneman, 224
F.R.D. 8, 14-15; Garcia v. Veneman, 211 F.R.D. 15, 19.




n337  Agriculture Secretary Vilsack and Assistant Attorney General Tony West
Announce Process to Resolve Discrimination Claims of Hispanic and Women Farmers,
supra note 109.




n338  1.3 Billion Offered in Case of USDA Bias, WASH. POST, May 26, 2010, at A4.




n339  Agriculture Secretary Vilsack Announces Updated & Improved Process to
Resolve Discrimination Claims of Hispanic & Women Farmers, supra note 109.




n340  Home, WOMAN AND HISPANIC CLAIMS PROGRAM, http://hispanicfarmerclaims.gov/
(last visited June 4, 2012).




n341  Id.




n342  Agriculture Secretary Vilsack Announces Updated & Improved Process to
Resolve Discrimination Claims of Hispanic & Women Farmers, supra note 109.




n343  Agriculture Secretary Vilsack & Assistant Attorney General Tony West
Announce Process to Resolve Discrimination Claims of Hispanic & Women Farmers,
supra note 109.




n344  Id.




n345  Id.




n346  Id.




n347  Id.




n348  Id.




n349  USDA, FARM SERV. AGENCY, SUMMARY OF CLAIMS PROCESS - FEMALE OR HISPANIC
FARMERS, http://www.fsa.usda.gov/Internet/FSAFile/hispanicwomenfactsheet.pdf
(last visited June 4, 2012).




n350  Id.




n351  Id.




n352  Id.




n353  Id.




n354  Id.




n355  Id.




n356  Id.




n357  Compare id. (supporting the inference that more than just oral claims will
qualify a claimant's proposal), with Consent Decree at 8-9, Pigford v. Glickman,
No. 97-1978 (D.C. Dist. Apr. 14, 1999), and Settlement Agreement at 22,
Keepseagle v. Vilsack, No. 1:99CV03119 (D.C. Dist. Nov. 1, 2010), and Settlement
Agreement at 22-25, In re Black Farmers Discrimination Litig., No. 08-MC-0511
(D.C. Dist. May 13, 2011).




n358  Id.




n359  Id.




n360  Id.




n361  Pigford v. Glickman, 185 F.R.D. 82, 113 (D.C. Dist. 1999); Order and
Judgement at 1, In re Black Farmers Discrimination Litig., No. 08-0511 (D.C.
Dist. Oct, 27, 2011).




n362  See generally Settlement Agreement, Keepseagle v. Vilsack, No. 1:99cv03119
(D.C. Dist. 2010) (a settlement has been reached, but not fully implemented).




n363  Garcia v. Vilsack, 563 F.3d 519, 527 (D.C.C. Cir. 2009); USDA, FARM SERV.
AGENCY, Summary of Claims Process - Female or Hispanic Farmers, USDA,
http://www.fsa.usda.gov/Internet/FSA.FILE/hispanicwomenfactsheet.pdf (last
visited June 4, 2012).


                               4 of 90 DOCUMENTS

                 Copyright (c) 2014 San Joaquin College of Law
                      San Joaquin Agricultural Law Review

                                  2014 / 2015

                      San Joaquin Agricultural Law Review

                           24 S.J. Agric. L. Rev. 183

LENGTH: 10705 words

COMMENT: GOOD INTENTIONS FALL SHORT: WHY THE SOUTHEAST ASIAN COMMUNITY IS
PRECLUDED FROM OBTAINING FARM LOANS

NAME: MAO LEE  n230

TEXT:
 [*183]  I. INTRODUCTION

   It is increasingly common to see the words "pot growers" and "Southeast
Asians" linked in the news today.  n1 The cultivation of marijuana has become
prevalent among Southeast Asian farmers in California.  n2 There has been an
increase in illegal marijuana farms across the San Joaquin Valley of California
("Central Valley") because of the changes in medical marijuana laws and the
desperation of Southeast Asian farmers who have had a difficult time adapting
their skills to the area.  n3 This surge in illegal marijuana cultivation has
diminished the Central Valley's agricultural reputation.  n4

   The majority of Southeast Asian farmers are refugees who are uneducated and
speak little to no English, negatively impacting their ability earn a living.
n5 While a high percentage of Southeast Asians rely on government assistance,
n6 some are farmers operating small family  [*184]  farms which cultivate su
choy, ong choy, basil, cucumber, squash, and a variety of eggplants to sell at
farmers markets.  n7

   The operation of small family farms has reduced poverty for some members of
this community; however, the profits from selling produce often do not cover the
cost of the farm leases or living expenses.  n8 Additionally, when some
Southeast Asian farmers begin to make a meager profit, their farmlands are sold
to developers to build residential communities.  n9 At that point, they are left
with the challenge of searching for a new plot of land to farm and adjusting to
the new soil and climate, depending on the region to which they relocate.  n10
Most of these small family farmers are dually employed, performing other types
of work during the day and tending to their farms in the evening to support
their farming business.  n11 Even with both sources of income, the money earned
is insufficient to make ends meet.  n12 Despite the struggles that Southeast
Asian farmers have faced, they have contributed to the Central Valley's economy
by introducing specialty crops into the market.  n13 Such crops include ong
choy, bok choy, and Chinese eggplant, and have been the main source of produce
for the Central Valley's Southeast Asian communities.  n14

   A shift occurred, however, with the legalization of medical marijuana.  n15
Since qualified patients of medical marijuana are  [*185]  permitted to
cultivate a certain amount of marijuana plants on their own land,  n16 Southeast
Asian farmers took advantage of this opportunity;  n17 they turned to
cultivating marijuana plants as cash crops.  n18 For Southeast Asian refugees
living in poverty and dependent upon government assistance, a marijuana farm
among legitimate fruits and vegetables is a feasible method to make quick money
and climb the economic ladder.  n19 As a result, a large amount of marijuana
plants are hidden among the rows of cherry tomatoes, Chinese bitter melon, su
choy, kohlrabi, daikon, and Thai chili, to be sold as an illegal cash crop, and
not for medicinal purposes.  n20

   Cities and counties have noticed an increase in marijuana grown on
agricultural land, as well as an increase in armed robberies and violence near
these sites.  n21 The danger involved in cultivating marijuana led federal and
local law enforcement agencies to implement Operation Mercury in March of 2012,
in order to eradicate marijuana farms in the Central Valley.  n22 From the time
that Operation Mercury was first implemented up until January 2014, there have
been approximately a half-million marijuana plants confiscated, yet only
eighty-four criminal defendants were federally prosecuted in Fresno County.  n23
A number of people caught during this operation have been released without
prosecution and with no explanation.  n24

    [*186]  Preventative measures, such as granting agricultural subsidies to
Southeast Asian farmers, need to be employed as a method to halt this trend of
illegal marijuana cultivation. Southeast Asian farmers are beneficial to the
community and contribute to the economy by bringing a bountiful variety of
plants into the Central Valley.  n25 There are currently government programs
that aid other groups of disadvantaged people.  n26 Some of these programs, such
as those which create federal farm subsidies, should be amended to include
Southeast Asian farmers to deter illegal marijuana grows. The federal government
has implemented farm subsidies that are geared toward helping minority farmers,
but most subsidies have not reached the Southeast Asian farmers in the Central
Valley.  n27 For example, in 2012, the United States Department of Agriculture
("USDA") census showed that the majority of farmers who received farm subsidies
to buy or operate farmlands are from states in the Appalachian Mountains region.
n28 Since the inception of these farm subsidies, Southeast Asian farmers, as
well as a vast number of the general public, have been unaware of the subsidies'
existence.  n29

   This Comment will show that agricultural subsidy laws need to be revised to
provide much-needed assistance to Southeast Asian farmers. Modification of these
laws would support the self-sufficient farm operations of Southeast Asians,
while enhancing their economic standing and reducing their dependency on welfare
and marijuana cultivation. Part II of this Comment will explore the history of
the Southeast Asians' journey to the United States and the problems they faced
farming on American soil. Part III will discuss the current  [*187]  federal
farm subsidy programs. Part IV will analyze the obstacles for Southeast Asians
when attempting to attain the benefits of farm subsidies. Part V will advocate
for changes to the Agricultural Act of 2014 in order to provide Southeast Asians
an opportunity to obtain farm subsidies and ultimately deter them from resorting
to marijuana cultivation and government assistance.

   II. FLEEING WAR AND FACING NEW CHALLENGES

A. Contributions Not Forgotten: the Vietnam War Created Large- Scale Immigration
from Southeast Asia

   Most Southeast Asian refugees that fled to the United States are either of
Cambodian, Laotian, or Vietnamese descent.  n30 They came to the United States
around 1975, fleeing from war-torn countries after the Vietnam War.  n31 The
Central Intelligence Agency had requested the help of Laos and Cambodia to
prevent the fall of those countries to communist rule; however, this was kept
secret from the American public because the Vietnam War faced a wealth of
criticism.  n32 The Hmong lived in Laos and were recruited as soldiers to fight
alongside American forces, gather information, and assist American pilots whose
[*188]  planes had been shot down.  n33 After the fall of Saigon in South
Vietnam, the Southeast Asians who assisted the Americans in the fight against
North Vietnam fled the country for fear of persecution.  n34 The South
Vietnamese citizens who remained behind soon learned that the new communist
government required its citizens to provide cheap labor and spy on each other;
as a result, many decided to leave their homeland.  n35

   During the mid-1970's, Southeast Asians immigrated to the United States
either as refugees or children of refugees, sponsored by American families.  n36
Those who arrived in America sought shelter and were granted asylum.  n37
Southeast Asian refugees arrived and lived in different states throughout the
country.  n38 Many immigrated to California, Texas, and Minnesota, which are now
the primary states for Southeast Asian refugee populations.  n39 Soon,
California became the state with the largest population of Southeast Asian
farmers who immigrated to America with their agrarian roots and skills.  n40

    [*189]  B. Southeast Asia Farming Style: What They Have Always Known and
Done

   Before arriving in the United States, Southeast Asians farmed for survival,
and on a small-scale, in Laos, Cambodia, and Vietnam.  n41 Farmers in Southeast
Asia owned the land they farmed communally or tribally with other farmers.  n42
For example, the small Hmong villages located on the mountainsides of Laos have
headmen who make decisions impacting their entire communities.  n43 Each
headman, along with one man from every family, will typically travel between
fifteen and thirty miles from the village to seek out fertile hillsides to clear
and farm.  n44 Many of these farmers do not have to pay for the land that they
farm.  n45 It is only required that they pay a small tax to the government,
which usually consists of payments in rice or a small amount of money.  n46

   The climate, periodic fall of volcanic ash, and heavy rainfall make the soil
in the Southeast Asian countries moist and ideal for farming.  n47 Due to the
limited availability of agricultural technology for assistance, these farmers
used the natural resources available to them when planning where, when, how, and
what to plant.  n48

   In Southeast Asia, farmers utilize inter-planting, a technique which involves
planting a variety of crops in the same field.  n49 They also incorporate shift
cultivation, a method that seasonally alternates between planting crops and
leaving fields fallow.  n50 Southeast Asian  [*190]  countries do not have
readily available agricultural chemicals so farmers there begin by cutting down
and burning a section of the forest, using the ash as fertilizer for the soil.
n51 A field may be used for a limited number of years and abandoned when there
is "excessive soil acidity, a decline in soil fertility or invasion by weeds,
insects, or other pests."  n52

   In these developing countries, farmers generally lack the modern machinery
used to cut down trees or to clear the space for farming;  n53 therefore, the
tools available to clear, cut, harvest, and prepare the land are very simple.
n54 Farmers use a "dibble stick to punch holes into the soil before dropping in
the seeds," and an ax, spear head, hoe, scythe, and knife to clear the area to
grow Brussels sprout, bitter gourd, bird pepper, cabbage, kale, bean sprouts,
watercress, and eggplant.  n55 This lack of technology increases the amount of
manual labor required, forcing farmers to rely on a technique called labor
exchange, or reciprocity, where the men and women in the village help one family
clear a spot for farming and then aid the next family, or exchange a portion of
their crops, for the help of others.  n56 Unfortunately, the methods
successfully employed by these farmers in their native lands for centuries have
not translated well to farming in America.  n57

C. The Challenge of Transferring Southeast Asia Farming Style to America

   For most of their lives, Southeast Asian refugees have lived as farmers in
rural areas.  n58 For many, farming is the only skill they have that can be made
useful in a "modern capitalistic society."  n59 In the  [*191]  early 1980's, an
influx of Southeast Asian refugees came to the Central Valley.  n60 Some settled
on small parcels of land and attempted farming in the Central Valley clay soil.
n61

   Southeast Asian farmers had never farmed in this type of soil and encountered
great difficulties growing fruits and vegetables here.  n62 Their home country
was lush, the soil was rich, and planting was done very differently.  n63 In
America, Southeast Asian farmers did not have access to the quality of land they
were accustomed to working in Southeast Asia.  n64 Upon arriving, they
discovered the need to implement irrigation drip systems, use plastic row
covers, or practice fumigation.  n65 Additionally, the land and government in
America brought a complexity of marketing systems and regulatory restrictions
that had to be strictly adhered to, such as safety and sanitary protocols,
mandatory training, and the procurement of farm insurance.  n66 Now operating
under the jurisdiction of the Food and Drug Administration, Southeast Asian
farmers had to expand their close-knit communitybased farming operations to
include collaboration with farm advisors that could help ensure that their
produce complied with federal standards.  n67 Meeting such standards involved
mastering pest control  [*192]  techniques and fertilizer applications, which
were previously foreign to them in their native countries.  n68 Farm advisors
implemented programs, like the "'Master Farmer' program, that consisted of
workshops, tours of successful farms, and lectures from university experts."
n69 The trainings involved educating Southeast Asian farmers about food
contamination, pest management, personal hygiene, farming techniques, and
marketing strategies, in an effort to encourage farms to thrive.  n70

   In addition to learning these foreign farming techniques, there were language
and cultural barriers.  n71 Many of these small-scale farmers required the
assistance of translators to understand rules and regulations.  n72 Patti Hang,
manager of Vang C. Thao Farms, a Hmong family-run farming operation, stated that
the company's founder depended on his children when he first started farming
because, as a first generation immigrant lacking the benefit of a formal
education, he did not understand the legal intricacies of farming in the United
States.  n73 The challenges of farm management caused him to delegate to his
children the duties of farm management and marketing while he focused on farm
labor.  n74 Additionally, they encountered the struggle of having to pass
English tests in order to obtain the licenses necessary to purchase and use many
pesticides essential to successful farming.  n75

   Most Southeast Asian farmers have to work a second job during the day and
farm at night in order to pay for their leases, farm machine rentals, seeds,
fertilizers, pesticides, utility bills, insurance, and other farm supplies.  n76
Many cannot afford to hire farm hands; instead, farming is a multi-generational
effort involving grandparents, parents, Nov. 26, 2014) (setting up food safety
workshops to teach farmers about compliance with Food and Drug Administration
regulations).  [*193]  children, grandchildren, and other relatives.  n77
Moreover, they do not own sophisticated farming equipment, nor do they have the
financial capability to employ farm laborers; therefore, it is paramount that
the farm operation involve the entire family.  n78 In the United States, the
customary farming techniques of Southeast Asians, such as labor exchange or
reciprocity without pay, cannot be utilized, as they are illegal.  n79 Without
them, the Southeast Asian farmer is placed at an even greater disadvantage.  n80

D. Southeast Asian Farmers' Contributions to American Economy

   Despite the inability to obtain funds for farm equipment, land, and farm
laborers, Southeast Asian farmers utilized available help and education to adapt
to the clay soil and integrate the use of some agricultural chemicals.  n81 In
turn, they produced an abundant variety of vegetables from their homeland and
introduced them to farmers' markets across California.  n82 They harvested
eggplants, oriental herbs, lemon grass, mokua, opo, bitter lemon, bok choy, and
many other types of herbs and vegetables.  n83 In addition to oriental
vegetables and herbs, Southeast Asian farmers recognized that there was a high
demand for strawberries.  n84 As a result, numerous Southeast Asian farmers have
successful strawberry farms, despite the fact that strawberry is not a fruit
that is farmed in Southeast Asian countries.  n85  [*194]  These farmers
contributed to the diversity of California's crops by creating a variety of food
for California's multi-cultural population and ensuring food security for
economically disadvantaged communities.  n86 The total acreage of oriental
vegetables doubled over a ten-year period with production of more than 12,600
tons of crops harvested at a value of $ 9,600,000.  n87 Southeast Asian farmers
have also "improve[d] the local economy by purchasing fertilizers, seeds,
plastic, pesticides, backpack sprayers, tractors, rototillers, drip irrigation
lines, shovels, hoes, fittings, and other farm equipment."  n88 If Southeast
Asian farmers were provided with agricultural government aid and guidance,
similar to the education that farm advisors provided regarding the challenges of
planting in clay soil, they would continue to prosper and benefit the economy.
n89

   III. THE FARM BILLS

A. History of the Farm Bills

   The farm bill is a massive piece of legislation pertaining to a variety of
topics, with titles dating back to the Great Depression and ranging from food to
research-based conservation.  n90 This piece of legislation allocates for
subsidies in the form of "payments made and other support extended by the United
States federal government to certain  [*195]  farmers and agribusiness."  n91
With the onset of the Great Depression in the 1930's, President Herbert Hoover
supported taxing the public, with the benefit of that tax aimed toward farm
subsidies.  n92 Thus began the first government subsidy known as the Farm Board
Act.  n93 This was groundbreaking, as the government was now heavily involving
itself in agricultural matters for the benefit of the public.  n94

   The purpose of the Farm Board Act was to allow the government to intervene by
purchasing over-produced wheat and cotton, and paying for the storage of those
two crops with the intent to sell them later.  n95 One unintended, yet
significant, consequence of this legislation was a dramatic decrease in
specialty crop production in favor of the overproduction of wheat and cotton,
which many farmers felt would qualify them for the new government subsidies.
n96 After President Herbert Hoover's presidential term expired, President
Franklin Roosevelt created the Agricultural Adjustment Act to resolve the
problem of wheat and cotton over-production, by paying farmers to cease
production of those crops.  n97 In addition, he created the "idea of parity"
where the prices are fixed at a rate equivalent to rates during excellent years,
so that regardless of whether there is an issue of supply or demand, there will
be no side effect to the profit farmers receive in return for their produce.
n98 When the Great Depression ended, the agricultural world was still governed
by the "ideas of payments to reduce crops and fixing prices at
higher-than-market levels."  n99

   Since the 1930's the U.S. government has enacted variations of the farm bill
n100 and additional historical pieces of farm legislation.  n101 The  [*196]
farm bill is revised, amended, evaluated, or repealed about every five years.
n102 During a congressional hearing to make changes and affirm previous programs
within the farm bill, if Congress cannot come to an agreement as to amendments,
the measures revert back to permanent laws depending on the title under which
they fall.  n103 These permanent laws are "non-expiring agriculture policies
that were established by 1938 and 1949-era farm program laws" that are
temporarily suspended when new farm bills are implemented.  n104 Congress's
purpose for holding onto the permanent laws, although they are archaic and often
detrimental to the economy if allowed to control, is to utilize them as an
instrument to induce future Congresses to continue evaluating farm programs.
n105 Such an evaluation is certainly overdue where it concerns current loan
availability for disadvantaged Southeast Asian farmers.

    [*197]  B. Credit Title: Loans for Beginning Farmers and Ranchers

   The most recent farm bill is called the Agricultural Act of 2014 ("the Act")
and will remain in effect until 2018.  n106 The USDA has authorized the Farm
Service Agency ("FSA") to administer the Act.  n107 The Credit Title of the Act
came about with the inception of the Consolidated Farmers Home Administration
Act of 1961.  n108 The Consolidated Farmers Home Administration Act of 1961
first came into fruition fifteen years after the Farmers Administration Act of
1946, in response to the evolving agricultural world.  n109 Congress was forced
to expand the agriculture credit programs to consider modern farming
technologies and resources and to concurrently amend prior loans that no longer
fulfilled their purpose.  n110 The Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act
of 1961, originally called the Farmers Home Administration Act of 1961, became
the permanent law that authorized the USDA agricultural credit and rural
development programs.  n111

   The purpose of the Credit Title is to allow the USDA to provide "direct and
guaranteed loans to farmers and ranchers who have been denied direct credit by
commercial lenders but have the wherewithal to repay the loan."  n112 The Credit
Title consists of subsections for each of the following: farm ownership loans,
farm operation loans, emergency loans, administrative provisions, and
miscellaneous.  n113 Within these subsections, there are segments designated for
farm ownership loans and operating loans, as well as authorized programs that
are geared  [*198]  toward helping beginning farmers and ranchers, as well as
socially disadvantaged applicants.  n114

   The federal government understands that new farmers and ranchers struggle to
find and purchase land, so the USDA created programs with the intent of
assisting farmers to buy and operate land, procure farm equipment, and establish
credit.  n115 The FSA, also considered the Lender of First Opportunity, gives
farmers who were unable to obtain commercial loans an opportunity to get
subsidized farm loans through the federal government.  n116 The agricultural
loans are designed to assist new farmers, or an individual in a protected class
that has been discriminated against, regardless of the applicant's identity or
individual qualities.  n117

   The FSA offers loans for farm ownership, farm operation, conservation, or
emergency.  n118 There are five different types of loan programs: Direct Farm
Ownership, Direct Down Payment, Direct Operation, Direct Guaranteed Farm
Ownership, and Microloans.  n119 Each type of program has its own use.  n120 For
example, if a farmer needs help with expanding his or her farm, paying for
closing costs, water conservation, or protection, then the farmer should apply
for Direct Farm Ownership Loans.  n121 If the farmer is interested in purchasing
livestock, farm equipment, minor home repairs or farm operating expenses, then
the farmer should apply for Direct Operation Loans.  n122 Each of these loans
has its maximum loan amount, rates, and  [*199]  terms.  n123 The applicant may
concurrently apply for more than one type of loan, depending on the applicant's
need.  n124 Despite the existence of these various loan opportunities, Southeast
Asian farmers face significant, and often insurmountable challenges when seeking
to secure financial aid for their agricultural endeavors.  n125

   IV. OBSTACLES SOUTHEAST ASIAN FARMERS ENCOUNTER IN SECURING LOANS

A. Intent of Credit Title as Social Welfare Legislation

   The Credit Title originated from the Bankhead-Jones Tenant Act of 1937, which
was additional legislation to the farm bills.  n126 The Bankhead-Jones Tenant
Act of 1937 transformed into the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act,
and is now part of the Credit Title in the Act.  n127 In Curry v. Block 541
F.Supp. 506 (1982), a persuasive case out of the Southern District of Georgia,
the court held that the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act was social
welfare legislation to aid farmers who are "underprivileged."  n128 Social
welfare legislation was described as legislation that: 1) imposes "a minimum
standard of living"; 2) applies to "a group that falls below the minimum"
standard; and 3) establishes programs to assist "that group to reach or approach
the minimum standard."  n129 In Califano v. Aznavorian 439 U.S. 170 (1978), it
was stated that "social welfare legislation . . . involves drawing lines among
categories of people . . . ."  n130 Social welfare legislation helps members of
the public who are in need, ranging from persons who are unemployed to those who
are physically or mentally handicapped.  n131

    [*200]  In Curry, the plaintiffs were a class of farmers who had acquired
agricultural credit pursuant to the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act.
n132 Hostile weather and a depressed economy caused undue financial hardship
upon the farmers.  n133 They turned to the loan programs for help and, when they
were denied their rights provided by the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development
Act, sought intervention from the court.  n134 The court focused on the history
of the government's issuance of farm loans and the legislative objective of
helping farmers who had been unsuccessful in obtaining loans from other lenders.
n135 The court cited congressional record regarding the farm loans  n136 which
stated that Congress had given the Secretary of Agriculture the power to "the
postpone payment of principal and interest on [] loans for farmers hard pressed
due to natural disasters."  n137 The court determined that the agricultural
credit program served two legislative functions, acting as both social welfare
legislation and legislation for high risk farm loan applicants.  n138 The Curry
court found that the legislature's goal was to keep farms in business because
"Congress is demanding that the [FSA] strike a balance between the business
nature of the loans and the predominant social welfare nature of the legislation
by buying those farmers crippled by circumstances beyond their control a little
time to get back on their feet."  n139

   The Credit Title came about because the Consolidated Farm and Rural
Development Act is the permanent law for this title.  n140 The Credit Title is
social welfare legislation.  n141 This title was purposefully created with the
intent to alleviate the financial burdens facing new farmers and ranchers and
the socially disadvantaged, so they may be  [*201]  able to start a farming
business and build their credit.  n142 The FSA's goal is to ensure that farmers
or ranchers build enough credit to attain a commercial loan without the
government's assistance.  n143 To achieve that goal, the FSA has implemented
different agricultural loan programs with strict eligibility requirements.  n144
However, in their current form, such requirements thwart attempts by
disadvantaged groups, such as Southeast Asians, to attain farm loans intended
for applicants in similar circumstances and undermine the very purpose of the
FSA.  n145

1. Relevant Eligibility Criteria for Obtaining Farm Loans

   There are many factors that the FSA considers when making a determination as
to whether an applicant may receive a government loan, but the factors relevant
to Southeast Asian farmers require that an applicant be a disadvantaged
beginning farmer, a legal resident, have no government debt, submit a business
plan, have a credit history, prove an attempt at obtaining a loan, and secure
the loan with a lien.  n146

   The first eligibility factor demands that the applicant be a socially
disadvantaged beginning farmer or rancher who began farming less than ten years
prior to seeking the loan.  n147 A socially disadvantaged farmer or rancher
includes an individual that is Asian, Hispanic, a woman, African American,
Native American, Alaskan Native, Native Hawaiian, or Pacific Islander.  n148
Southeast Asians commonly qualify as both socially disadvantaged farmers and
beginning farmers.  n149 The term Asian is incredibly broad.  n150 There are an
estimated 17.3 million residents of Asian descent in America.  n151 In this
context, an individual  [*202]  of Asian descent originates from Southeast Asian
countries, such as India, China, Korea, Philippine Islands, or Pakistan.  n152
By 2010, there were 1,174,651 Southeast Asian refugees who immigrated to the
U.S;  n153 however, by 2012, there were only 13,669 Asian farmers.  n154 These
types of loans would apply to Southeast Asians regardless of how long they have
been farming.  n155 Another requirement mandates that the applicant must be
either a

   U.S. citizen, national, or resident alien.  n156 The Immigration Act of 1965
permitted an influx of immigrants from Southeast Asia after the Vietnam War.
n157 The Refugee Act of 1980, with the goal of reuniting families, has allowed
more Southeast Asian immigrants into America.  n158 By 2010, there were a total
of 989,871 Southeast Asian refugees who naturalized as U.S. citizens.  n159 Also
by 2010, there were 422,063 Southeast Asian refugees recorded as permanent
resident aliens.  n160 Of that total, 30,632 came from Vietnam, 12,925 from
Burma, and the rest were other Asian ethnicities.  n161 As a result, a large
number of Southeast Asian applicants are either U.S. citizens or resident aliens
and will satisfy this second requirement.  n162

    [*203]  The "no debt forgiveness" criterion necessitates that the applicant
has not received debt relief and have not defaulted on any existing debt to the
government.  n163 Prior to having outstanding debts from the government, the
Southeast Asian farmer would need to have knowledge that there are government
loans available.  n164 A study on whether the general public is aware of the
government's farm loan subsidy demonstrated that minorities still have not heard
about such government subsidies and more effort is needed to reach out to these
communities.  n165

   These criteria fulfill the legislative intent described in Curry of assisting
a minority group because the eligibility requirements are set at standards that
are easily attainable for a disadvantaged group.  n166 Southeast Asian farmers
should reap the benefits of these farm loans, as it would further the stated
purpose of aiding a disadvantaged group.  n167

2. Elements that Impede Southeast Asian Farmers in Qualifying for Farm Loans

As found in Curry, the legislative history showed that the Secretary of
Agriculture has the authority to make changes to arduous eligibility factors
that fail to assist farmers who need financial support.  n168 However, the lines
drawn  n169 from this point forward are complex webs of minimal standards
unnavigable for the underprivileged.  n170 The following eligibility
requirements of the FSA hinder the Southeast Asian applicants' access to
government subsidies that would help elevate their financial standing.  n171

    [*204]  The demanding standard requiring submission of a business plan
requires that an individual applicant farmer first write a business plan.  n172
The purpose is to show that the farmer has a projected future plan and that he
or she understands all parts of the farm operation.  n173 A business plan
assists lenders in determining whether a farmer has the financial ability to
repay a loan.  n174 The business plan must describe the following in detail: the
vision, goal, and mission for the farm; current assets (property or investments
owned) and liabilities (payments, debts, or loans owed); what the operation will
produce and how is it going to be marketed; and whether the income will generate
enough to pay for the business and family living expenses.  n175

   In Curry, the court emphasized that social welfare legislation is written to
support the underprivileged in meeting a proposed guideline.  n176 Requiring
Southeast Asian applicants to formulate a detailed business plan frustrates the
purpose of the Credit Title.  n177 Southeast Asian farmers face both cultural
and language barriers.  n178 Making a business plan is a difficult task for
them, as many do not have access to a computer and are not formally educated.
n179 A reason for their lack of education is that "they are more likely to come
from rural backgrounds in their native countries," and have less command of the
English language.  n180 A 2012 study by the Southeast Asia Resource Action
Center revealed that Southeast Asians "continue to face issues of limited
English proficiency."  n181 Furthermore, many are  [*205]  unable to read or
write in their native language.  n182 Research found that out of fifty-six
farmers surveyed, only eleven percent of the responders had a business plan.
n183 "Southeast Asian farmers need access to culturally appropriate education
and support to help make the shift from income-generating farming activities to
wealth-generating farming businesses."  n184 Without this education and support,
the requirement of submitting a business plan merely serves to block the path to
self-sufficiency for this disadvantaged group.  n185

   The FSA imposes the challenging eligibility requirement that the applicant
have a good credit history.  n186 Many Southeast Asian farmers have very little
knowledge or experience involving credit; therefore, this criterion will
adversely affect their opportunity to apply for loans.  n187 In a survey done by
the Southeast Asia Resource Action Center in May of 2012, all of the 174
Southeast Asian participants had "little to no formal training in financial
management."  n188 Those born outside of the United States did not receive any
training at all.  n189 "The majority of those who came to the group discussion
were aware that they needed to learn more about credit building and credit
scores, as this would affect their ability to borrow for large purchases . . .."
n190 The participants would only seek to use a credit card or ask their family
and friends for help if they needed to make a large purchase or if there was an
emergency.  n191 The study found that because of their social ties to the
community, Southeast Asians favor asking friends and families for help when they
suffer any hardship over seeking loans from the bank.  n192 Additionally, there
is a fear of making an appearance at the bank because the bank industry lacks a
diverse staff pool.  n193 All participants questioned agreed that there should
be more education on use of credit, savings, banking, and other important
financial tools.  n194  [*206]  As it stands, the good credit history
requirement undermines the purpose behind the Credit Title.  n195

   Additional eligibility standards require individual applicants to demonstrate
that they have previously attempted to apply for a reasonable loan which
resulted in denial and to show that they can come up with a cash down payment of
at least five percent.  n196 These requirements contradict the aforementioned
good credit history standard because one of the reasons for rejection of a
reasonable loan is a denial for poor or no credit history.  n197 Southeast Asian
applicants who have a very limited knowledge about credit would lack credit
history and be refused a reasonable loan.  n198 The cash down payment standard
necessitates that the applicant have a cash down payment of at least five
percent of the loan amount.  n199 The majority of Southeast Asians are utilizing
some type of government assistance because their living standard does not meet
the general public minimum standard; therefore, it is unlikely that they will
have a large savings account or that they will be able to otherwise afford a
down payment of this size.  n200 A provision to toll the payment for a certain
number of years would allow the Southeast Asian farmer applicant to begin
generating a source of income from the farm business, in order to pay the
government back. The government has already provided concessions for other
groups of interest, as it did in implementing the Veteran's Home Loan program
and first time homebuyer program.  n201 In the Veteran's Home Loan program,
military members with Veteran's status are afforded an opportunity to obtain a
home loan with a zero  [*207]  down payment.  n202 The first time homebuyer
program includes a requirement for a down payment of 3.5 percent of the total
loan.  n203 What these programs share in common is that they cater to specific
groups of people and provide those groups with an opportunity to buy a home.
n204 There is no requirement that the applicants be underprivileged or in a
position that necessitates government assistance before they can receive
assistance without strenuous burden of proof that prevents them from obtaining
such prospect.  n205 Similarly, the farm loan program sought to provide a
specific group of people, beginning or disadvantaged farmers, a chance to start
a successful business.  n206 The government should apply the same principle to
farm loans and toll repayment periods.

   Congress also created the Microloans program as an additional means of aiding
applicants who have no farming experience.  n207 This loan requires less
paperwork and has a maximum loan amount of $ 35,000.  n208 The Microloans must
be secured by either a first lien on a farm property or an agricultural product
with a value of at least one hundred percent of the Microloan amount.  n209 For
this type of loan, the applicant farmer has seven years to pay it back.  n210
The only requirement for a Microloan is that the applicant must have the ability
to secure the loan with a lien that has comparable value; however, the loan can
only be used for furniture, fixtures, working capital, equipment, or
inventories.  n211 Because the maximum amount allowed is so minute, it cannot be
used to purchase an adequate plot of land that  [*208]  would generate an
income-producing farm.  n212 This is especially true since, on average, an acre
of land is approximately more than two thousand dollars.  n213

   The eligibility requirements that demand a business plan, good credit
history, prior loan application attempt, and lien requirement have contradicted
Congress' intent by preventing the Southeast Asian applicants - a disadvantaged
group - the opportunity to benefit from the government's offerings.  n214 These
criteria frustrate the purpose of social welfare legislation, as established by
the court in Curry, and prevent Southeast Farmers from realizing an opportunity
to sustain a successful farming business.  n215

   V. RECOMMENDATIONS

   When the Agricultural Act of 2014 is up for review by Congress in 2018, to
make amendments as it deems necessary and repeal any provisions that adversely
affect the community, Congress should remove the eligibility requirements of
good credit history and a prior attempt at securing a loan that resulted in
denial. The good credit history requirement should be removed because it defeats
Congress' intent of aiding the "underprivileged."  n216 It is highly unlikely
that an individual who is "underprivileged" will have the necessary credit
history to obtain a loan.  n217 In addition, compelling good credit history
contradicts the requirement that before the individual can obtain a farm loan
they have to satisfy the requirement of applying for a reasonable loan and have
been denied.  n218 If an individual has been denied a loan from a commercial
lender, due to unsatisfactory credit, then they will have already failed to meet
the good credit history requirement of the  [*209]  FSA.  n219 The bank
industries need safeguards in place to assure that they will make some profit
from helping the disadvantaged, but this should not be a reason to make it
impossible for minority applicants to secure aid from the government.  n220 As
deduced in Curry, less deference should be given to the banks because this
legislation is social welfare legislation.  n221

   In terms of the business plan, the FSA should maintain multi-cultural staff
members who can assist Southeast Asian farmers, and other minorities who are
interested in applying for a farm loan, but do not know how to read or write in
English. If the applicants have satisfied all the preliminary eligibility
criteria and the business plan remains, the FSA agents assigned to the different
applicants should be available to assist applicants in getting their ideas
transcribed onto paper. The purpose of assisting this category of people is to
help guide them toward the minimum standard because they have fallen below the
proposed standard.  n222 The complex task of writing a detailed business plan
will hinder, not guide, this group from attaining a FSA loan.  n223

   In addition, Congress should remove the down payment criteria and add a
provision to toll payment for three years in order for the Southeast Asian
farmers to realize some profits that will permit them to make payments on their
farm loans. This would be similar to the Veteran's Home Loan program that allows
Veterans to apply for loans without any down payment.  n224 An incentive should
be granted to Southeast Asian applicants who have fought alongside the United
States during the Vietnam War. Because they were recruited as soldiers fighting
for America, they should be afforded an incentive to both become more
self-sufficient in starting their own business and stop relying on the federal
government indefinitely for an income. Southeast Asian farmers should be
afforded similar treatment as Veterans.

   By affording the Southeast Asian farmers such an incentive, it will enable
the poor to learn how to manage their own business and reduce reliance on the
government for assistance. The legislature's clear  [*210]  intent of drafting
social welfare legislation to aid a socially disadvantaged group will have been
a wasted effort if the funds and regulations that have been preserved for them
were not utilized because the eligibility criteria were set at a standard that
is unreachable by the underprivileged.  n225

   VI. CONCLUSION

   Southeast Asians sought refuge in America, fleeing war and persecution in
their native countries.  n226 Although skilled at working their native soil and
resourceful in applying traditional farming methods, these immigrants'
techniques did not translate well to American geography.  n227 Cultural and
socio-economic barriers have made it difficult for them to adapt and learn the
new trades.  n228 Although some managed to work small plots for a minimal income
and have managed to contribute greatly to the diversity of food available in the
United States, others have resorted to illicit activities, such as marijuana
cultivation, to make a living or have resigned themselves to public assistance.
n229 If Congress is interested in curbing such illegal activity and helping
Southeast Asians pull themselves above the poverty line, changes will have to be
made to the farm bill. The subsidies offered to other farmers and the loans
offered to similarly disadvantaged citizens should be made equally available to
this vulnerable population. By amending the farm bill in a way that relaxes the
criteria under which an applicant may receive funds and guidance, Southeast
Asian farmers will find themselves qualified for much-needed
assistance--assistance that can ultimately be repaid to society through the
efforts of its recipients. However, if Congress allows unreasonable
qualifications to continue creating barriers to assistance for those like
Southeast Asian farmers, it will ultimately undermine the very purpose for which
the farm bills were created and cause the good intentions guiding the creation
of this revolutionary body of law to fall short.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Criminal Law & ProcedureCriminal OffensesControlled
SubstancesManufacturePenaltiesGovernmentsAgriculture & FoodProcessing, Storage &
DistributionGovernmentsAgriculture & FoodProduct Promotion

FOOTNOTES:





n1  Gosia Wozniacka, Laotians Top Growers of Marijuana on California Farms, NW.
ASIAN WKLY., Feb. 16, 2013, at 1-3, available at 2013 WLNR 7515996; Associated
Press, CA Pot Farms Target of Crackdown, S.F. GATE, Sept. 26, 2012,
http://www.sfgate.com/crime/article/CA-pot-farms-target-of-crackdown-3897664.php
. See generally Staff Reports, Illegal Marijuana Grow Raided Today; Four
Arrested, 206 Plants Seized, CHICOER NEWS, Aug. 5, 2014,
http://www.chicoer.com/news/ci_26281681/illegal-marijuana-grow-raided-today-four
-arrested-206 (arresting only people with last names common to Southeast
Asians).





n2  Wozniacka, supra note 1, at 1; Associated Press, supra note 1.





n3  Wozniacka, supra note 1, at 1-2. See Mark Arax, As Prices Fall, Farmers Turn
to Illegal Cash Crops, L.A. TIMES, May 12, 2004, at 3, available at 2004 WLNR
19749137 [hereinafter Arax, Illegal Cash Crops].





n4  See Associated Press, supra note 1.





n5  Arax, Illegal Cash Crops, supra note 3, at 3.





n6  Wozniacka, supra note 1, at 2; Arax, Illegal Cash Crops, supra note 3, at 3.





n7  Arax, Illegal Cash Crops, supra note 3, at 1; Nat'l Inst. of Food and
Agric., U.S. Dep't of Agric., Sustainable Econ. and Envtl. Dev. (SEED) Southeast
Asian Farmer Entrepreneur Program - Hmong Am. P'ship, REEIS.USDA.GOV,
http://www.reeis.usda.gov/web/crisprojectpages/0229308-sustainable-economic-ande
nvironmental-development-seed-southeast-asian-farmer-entrepreneur-program.html
(last visited Nov. 17, 2014) [hereinafter Nat'l Inst. of Food and Agric., Hmong
Am. P'ship].





n8  Arax, Illegal Cash Crops, supra note 3, at 3.





n9  Id.





n10  Id.





n11  Id. at 4.





n12  Id.





n13  Jennifer Sowerwine & Christy Getz, The Changing Face of California Agric.:
Identifying Challenges and Providing Opportunities for Southeast Asian and Other
Minority Farmers, RURAL CONNECTIONS, 2011, at 26, available at
http://wrdc.usu.edu/files/publications/publication/pub__900409.pdf.





n14  Arax, Illegal Cash Crops, supra note 3, at 1.





n15  See Compassionate Use Act of 1996 § 11362.5, HEALTH & SAFETY (2003),
available at
http://www.leginfo.ca.gov/pub/03-04/bill/sen/sb_0401-0450/sb_420_bill_20031012_c
haptered.html (beginning November 6, 1996, medical marijuana law permits
"seriously ill residents" to use and plant medical marijuana without criminal
liabilities so long as the number of plants does not fall below either six
mature plants, twelve immature plants, or one half pound of processed
marijuana).





n16  See Compassionate Use Act § 11362.5, at 1 (setting guidelines for
cultivation).





n17  Associated Press, supra note 1.





n18  See id. (cultivating marijuana to make money); Arax, Illegal Cash Crops,
supra note 3, at 1.





n19  See Wozniacka, supra note 1, at 2; Arax, Illegal Cash Crops, supra note 3,
at 1, 3.





n20  See Associated Press, supra note 1.





n21  See Press Release, Drug Enforcement Admin., Operation Mercury Targets
Large-Scale Agric. Marijuana Grows in Six Cent. Valley Counties: More than
400,000 Plants Eradicated Since March 2012 (Sept. 26, 2012), available at
http://www.dea.gov/divisions/sf/2012/sf092612a.shtml (last visited Nov. 17.
2014).





n22  See generally id. (explaining that marijuana farms have traps, armed
guards, and guns have been seized from these farms).





n23  See Press Release, Benjamin B. Wagner, The U.S. Attorney's Office, Eastern
District of California, Operation Mercury Cases (Jan. 6, 2014), available at
http://www.justice.gov/usao/cae/news/docs/2014/2014_01/01-06-14Marijuana.html
(last visited Nov. 17. 2014) (stating that Phonepaseuth Phaphilom, a Laotian
man, plead guilty to conspiring to cultivate marijuana grown on an agricultural
parcel in Southwest Fresno).





n24  Wozniacka, supra note 1, at 3.





n25  Sowerwine & Getz, supra note 13, at 26.





n26  See Benefits, Grants, and Loans for Citizens, USA.GOV,
http://www.usa.gov/Citizen/Topics/Benefits.shtml (last visited Nov. 14. 2014)
(informing the public about different types of benefits available from the
government).





n27  See Nat'l Sustainable Agric. Coal., What's at Stake: Support for Socially
Disadvantaged Producers, NSAC'S BLOG (Nov. 13, 2012),
http://sustainableagriculture.net/blog/whats-at-stake-2501/ [hereinafter Nat'l
Sustainable Agric. Coal., Socially Disadvantaged Producers]; Nat'l Sustainable
Agric. Coal., Are USDA Microloans Reaching Farmers Across the Country?, NSAC'S
BLOG (Nov. 25, 2013),
http://sustainableagriculture.net/blog/microloanfy13-data-analysis/ [hereinafter
Nat'l Sustainable Agric, Coal., Microloans Reaching Farmers] (informing that
minorities are still not aware of the subsidies).





n28  Nat'l Sustainable Agric, Coal., Microloans Reaching Farmers, supra note 27.





n29  See id. (establishing that farm program still needs improvement in
informing minorities about the available assistance).





n30  SOUTHEAST ASIA RES. ACTION CTR, UNTOLD STORIES OF THE FORECLOSURE CRISIS:
SOUTHEAST ASIAN AMERICANS IN THE CENT. VALLEY 3 (Apr. 2011), available at
http://www.searac.org/sites/default/files/SEARAC_CRISIS_REPORT_2011_Final.pdf
(including Southeast Asian Americans in the Central Valley from "the following
ethnic and language groups: Cambodia: Cham (a Muslim minority group), Khmer or
Cambodian, Khmer Loeu or Highland Khmer[;] Laos: Hmong or Mong, Lu Mien or Mien,
Khmu, Lao or Lao Loum or Lowland Lao, Taidam[;] Vietnam: Khmer. . .[,]
Vietnamese.").





n31  KHATHARYA UM, OUR JOURNEYS, OUR COMMUNITIES: SOUTHEAST ASIANS IN AM.
HISTORY 7 (2006), available at
https://www.museumca.org/wgolessons/pdf/lesson3/OMCA_WGO_Lesson3_KUessay.pdf.
See Mark E. Pfeifer, Hmong Americans, THE NEW FACE OF ASIAN PACIFIC AM.:
NUMBERS, DIVERSITY, & CHANGE IN THE 21ST CENTURY, 2003, available at
http://www.asian-nation.org/hmong.shtml (last visited Nov. 17, 2014).





n32  See UM, supra note 31, at 5, 6 (keeping Laos and Cambodia's involvement in
the war from American public to keep the country's involvement neutral); William
M. Leary, CIA Air Operations in Laos, 1955-1974: Supporting the Secret War,
1999-2000, available at
https://www.cia.gov/library/center-for-the-study-ofintelligence/
csi-publications/csi-studies/studies/winter99-00/art7.html (last updated Jun.
07, 2008) (establishing that Laos is an independent state and if it falls into a
communist regime, then other bordering countries will follow).





n33  Leary, supra note 32.





n34  UM, supra note 31, at 7.





n35  Donald Walker, A Short History of Southeast Asian Immigration to San
Joaquin Cnty., THE SAN JOAQUIN HISTORIAN, Summer 2003, at 4, available at
http://sanjoaquinhistory.org/documents/HistorianNS17-2.pdf.





n36  Walker, supra note 35, at 3. See generally Pfeifer, supra note 31(fleeing
as refugees, Southeast Asians were placed in different states by settling
agencies).





n37  Barbara W.K. Yee, Health and Health Care of Southeast Asian Am. Elders:
Vietnamese, Cambodian, Hmong, and Laotian Elders, STANFORD.EDU, 1,
http://web.stanford.edu/group/ethnoger/southeastasian.html (last visited Nov.
17, 2014). See Dwi Famia, Southeast Asian Cmty. Report Exec. Summary,
VIRTIS.ORG, at 1 (Sept. 14, 2013),
http://virtisptsd.org/SOUTHEAST%20ASIAN%20COMMUNITY%20REPORT%20EXECUTIVE%20SUMMA
RY.pdf (last visited Nov. 26, 2014) (coordinating refugee asylum and
resettlement programs).





n38  See Yee, supra note 37.





n39  See generally Yee, supra note 37 (providing that all the different ethnic
groups reside in either California, Texas, and Minnesota).





n40  See generally Nat'l Sustainable Agric. Coal., 2012 Census Drilldown:
Minority & Women Farmers, NSAC'S BLOG (Jun. 03, 2014),
http://sustainableagriculture.net/blog/census-drilldown-sda/ [hereinafter Nat'l
Sustainable Agric. Coal., Minority & Women Farmers] (showing on the map that
majority of Asian farmers are in California).





n41  Ana Doris Capistrano & Gerald G. Marten, Agric. in Southeast Asia, in
TRADITIONAL AGRIC. IN SOUTHEAST ASIA: A HUMAN ECOLOGY PERSPECTIVE 6, 7,
available at
http://gerrymarten.org/traditional-agriculture/pdfs/Traditional-Agriculture-chap
ter-01.pdf.





n42  Id. at 14. See interview with Chongyee Xiong, in Fresno, Cal. (Jul. 5,
2014).





n43  See interview with Xiong, supra note 42.





n44  Id.





n45  Id.





n46  Id. Charles Hirschman & Sabrina Bonaparte, Population and Soc'y in
Southeast Asia: A Historical Perspective, in DEMOGRAPHY OF SOUTHEAST ASIA 6
(Linda Williams & Phillip Guest, eds. 2012), available at
http://faculty.washington.edu/charles/new%20PUBS/A120.pdf.





n47  Capistrano & Marten, supra note 41, at 6.





n48  Id. at 7.





n49  Id. at 13. See interview with Xiong, supra note 42.





n50  Capistrano & Marten, supra note 41, at 13; interview with Xiong, supra note
42. Fallow, MERRIAM-WEBSTER ONLINE DICTIONARY, http://www.merriamwebster.
com/dictionary/fallow (last visited Oct. 25, 2014) ("usu[ally] cultivated land
that is allowed to lie idle during the growing season . . . the tilling of land
without sowing it for a season").





n51  Capistrano & Marten, supra note 41, at 13. See interview with Xiong, supra
note 42.





n52  Id.





n53  See interview with Xiong, supra note 42.





n54  Capistrano & Marten, supra note 41, at 13. See interview with Xiong, supra
note 42.





n55  Id.





n56  See Sowerwine & Getz, supra note 13, at 27 (relying on labor reciprocity to
farm). See generally interview with Xiong, supra note 42 (relying on scythe and
other simple tools to clear land for farming and requiring teamwork to plant and
harvest).





n57  See infra Part II.C.





n58  Pfeifer, supra note 31.





n59  Id.





n60  J. Stumbos, Southeast Asian Refugees Learn Modern Farming Methods,
CALIFORNIA AGRICULTURE (Mar. - Apr. 1993),
http://californiaagriculture.ucanr.org/landingpage.cfm?i=i&article=ca.v047n02p9.





n61  Id.; Heidi Tarver, Clay Soil: The Good, the Bad, and the Just Plain
Annoying, BERKELEYGARDENCOACH.COM,
http://berkeleygardencoach.com/2011/04/04/claysoil-the-good-the-bad-and-the-just
-plain-annoying/ (last visited Nov. 11, 2014, 4:23 PM) (noting clay soil is
composed of clay, sand and silt particles. Soil that contains about 40% of clay
particles is considered clay soil. This type of soil becomes dense and sticky
when wet and does not drain well. However, when it dries it forms a hard crust
which is difficult to penetrate).





n62  Stumbos, supra note 60.





n63  Id.; see generally interview with Xiong, supra note 42 (stating that soil
is doughlike, not sand-like and all that the farmer needs is rain to make plants
grow; no fertilizer is needed). See supra Part II.A.





n64  Stumbos, supra note 60.





n65  Id.





n66  Id.; Jeannett E. Warnert, A Lifeline to Fresno's Southeast Asian Farmers,
Richard Molinar Retires in June, SMALL FARM NEWS (Jun. 07, 2013),
http://ucanr.edu/blogs/blogcore/postdetail.cfm?postnum=10582 (last visited Nov.
17, 2014). See interview with Xiong, supra note 42.





n67  See generally Warnert, supra note 66 (requiring that farmers comply with
OSHA regulations); Brenda Dawson, Post Tagged: Richard Molinar, SMALL FARM NEWS
(Apr. 06, 2012),
http://sfp.ucdavis.edu/?blogtag=Richard%20Molinar&blogasset=51570 (last visited





n68  Warnert, supra note 66.





n69  Stumbos, supra note 60.





n70  Id.; Jeannette E. Warnert, Delicious, Healthful Strawberries Will be
Available Soon at Valley Roadside, FOOD BLOG (Apr. 12, 2011),
http://ucanr.edu/blogs/blogcore/postdetail.cfm?postnum=4588 [hereinafter
Warnert, Healthful Strawberries].





n71  Stumbos, supra note 60.





n72  Id.





n73  See e-mail from Patti Hang, Manager of Vang C. Thao Farms to Mao Lee, San
Joaquin Agricultural Law Review (Aug. 22, 2014, 8:54 AM) (on file with author).





n74  Id.





n75  Interview with Xiong, supra note 42.





n76  See Arax, Illegal Cash Crops, supra note 3, at 4. See generally Stumbos,
supra note 60 (farming supplies list).





n77  See Arax, Illegal Cash Crops, supra note 3, at 3 (farming is family
operation).





n78  See generally Capistrano & Marten, supra note 48, at 13 (utilizing simple
tools).





n79  Sowerwine & Getz, supra note 13, at 27; According to Fair Labor Standards
Act, it is a violation of the Act if agricultural workers do not receive minimum
wage with the exception that they are immediate family members. See U.S. Dep't
of Labor, Fact Sheet # 12: Agric. Employers Under the Fair Labor Standards Act
(FLSA) (July 2008), available at
http://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/whdfs12.pdf (establishing that all
agricultural employees are governed by federal law regarding wages and work
hours).





n80  See supra notes 76-78.





n81  See supra Part II.C.





n82  Stumbos, supra note 60, at 47.





n83  Id.





n84  See generally Warnert, Healthful Strawberries, supra note 70, at 1
(providing an overview of strawberries stands).





n85  See Arax, Illegal Cash Crops, supra note 3, at 1 (stating that best
strawberries are grown by Southeast Asians). See generally GEORGE M. DARROW, THE
STRAWBERRY: HISTORY, BREEDING, AND PHYSIOLOGY 113 (1st ed. 1966), available at
http://specialcollections.nal.usda.gov/speccoll/collectionsguide/darrow/Darrow_T
he Strawberry.pdf (indicating that fragaria nilgerrensis is the only berry
resembling a strawberry that is grown in Southeast Asia and have poor flavor).





n86  Sowerwine & Getz, supra note 13, at 26.





n87  See id. (dating from 1994-2004 and by 2012 for ten-year period).





n88  Stumbos, supra note 60, at 47.





n89  See supra notes 67-70 and Part II.D.





n90  Laura Collins, Am. Action Forum, The 2014 Farm Bill Subsidy Reforms Don't
Go Far Enough, AMERICANACTIONFORUM.ORG (Feb. 07, 2014),
http://americanactionforum.org/research/the-2014-farm-bill-subsidy-reforms-dont-
go-far-enough (last visited Nov. 2014); Deborah White, What are U.S. Farm
Subsidies?, ABOUTNEWS.COM,
http://usliberals.about.com/od/FoodFarmingIssues/a/What-Are-Farm-Subsidies.htm.
See generally RALPH M. CHITE, CONG. RESEARCH SERV., R43076, THE 2014 FARM BILL
(P.L.113-79): SUMMARY AND SIDE-BY-SIDE, at Summary, CONTENTS, 6-19 (2014)
(indicating that farm bill contain a variety of topics and the headings for each
sections describe each title). The Agricultural Act of 2014 contains twelve
titles: Title I-Commodities; Title II-Conservation; Title III-Trade; Title
IV-Nutrition; Title V- Credit; Title VI-Rural Development; Title VII-Research,
Extension, and Related Matters; Title VIII-Forestry; Title IX-Energy; Title X-
Horticulture; Title XI-Crop Insurance; and Title XII-Miscellaneous. CHITE, supra
note 90, at Contents.





n91  White, supra note 90.





n92  Burton Folsom, Jr., The Origin of American Farm Subsidies, THE FREEMAN:
IDEAS ON LIBERTY, Apr. 2006, at 34, available at
http://fee.org/files/doclib/0604Folsom.pdf.





n93  Id. at 35.





n94  See generally id. (breaking precedents of presidents not taxing for the
public).





n95  See id. at 35.





n96  Id.





n97  Id.





n98  Id.





n99  Id.





n100  See, e.g., Nat'l Agric. Law Ctr., U.S. Farm Bills,
NATIONALAGLAWCENTER.ORG, http://nationalaglawcenter.org/farmbills (last visited
Nov. 2014) (displaying a variation of the farm bill: Agricultural Adjustment Act
of 1933, Agricultural Adjustment Act of 1938, Agricultural Act of 1948,
Agricultural Act of 1949, Agricultural Act of 1954, Agricultural Act of 1956,
Food and Agricultural Act 1965, Agricultural Act of 1970, Agricultural and
Consumer Protection Act 1973, Food and Agriculture Act 1977, Agriculture and
Food Act 1981, Food Security Act 1985, Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and
Trade Act 1990, Federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act 1996, Farm and
Security and Rural Investment Act 2002, Food, Conservation, and Energy Act 2008,
and Agricultural Act of 2014).





n101  See, e.g., id. (displaying additional historical farm legislation: Soil
Conservation and Domestic Allotment Act of 1935 (Soil Erosion Act), Soil
Conservation and Domestic Allotment Act of 1936, Steagall Amendment of 1941
(Steagall Commodity Credit Act), Commodity Credit Corporation Charter Act of
1948, Food and Agricultural Act of 1962, Agricultural Act of 1964, Omnibus
Budget Reconciliation Act of 1982, Extra-Long Staple Cotton Act of 1983, Dairy
and Tobacco Adjustment Act of 1983, Agricultural Programs Adjustment Act of
1984, Technical Corrections to Food Security Act of 1985 Amendments, Food
Security Improvements Act of 1986, Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1987,
Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1989, Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of
1990, Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993, and Amendments to the National
Wool Act).





n102  RENEE JOHNSON & JIM MONKE, CONG. RESEARCH SERV., RS22131, WHAT IS THE FARM
BILL? at Summary (2014); Fact Sheet, Farm Serv. Agency, 2014 Farm Bill 1 (Mar.
2014) (on file with author), available at
http://www.fsa.usda.gov/FSA/newsReleases?area=newsroom&subject=landing&topic=pfs
&newstype=prfactsheet&type=detail&item=pf_20140311_insup_en_fbil.html
[hereinafter Farm Serv. Agency, 2014 Farm Bill].





n103  JIM MONKE, CONG. RESEARCH SERV., RL34594, FARM COMMODITY PROGRAMS IN THE
2008 FARM BILL 3 (2008).





n104  Nat'l Ass'n of State Departments of Agric., Potential Implications of
Repealing Permanent Farm Law, NASDA.ORG (Aug. 12, 2013),
http://www.nasda.org/File.aspx?id=21527.





n105  Id.





n106  See Farm Serv. Agency, 2014 Farm Bill, supra note 102, at 1.





n107  Id. (showing that the Agricultural Act of 2014 contains twelve titles:
Title ICommodities; Title II-Conservation; Title III-Trade; Title IV-Nutrition;
Title VCredit; Title VI-Rural Development; Title VII-Research, Extension, and
Related Matters; Title VIII-Forestry; Title IX-Energy; Title X- Horticulture;
Title XI-Crop Insurance; and Title XII-Miscellaneous).





n108  See Curry v. Block, 541 F.Supp. 506, 510-511 (S.D. Ga. 1982), aff'd, 738
F.2d 1556 (11th Cir. 1984) (establishing that the legislation's name changed to
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act).





n109  Id. at 510.





n110  Id.





n111  See Curry, 541 F.Supp. at 510-511 (establishing that the Consolidated Farm
and Rural Development Act of 1961 is the parent statute whose nature of
providing farm loans remain unchanged). CHITE, supra note 90, at 12.





n112  CHITE, supra note 90, at 12.





n113  See Agricultural Act of 2014, Pub. L. No. 113-79, (codified as amended in
scattered sections of 7 U.S.C.) (sectioning Credit Title into different
sections).





n114  U.S. Dep't of Agric., Farm Loan Programs, FARM BILL FORUM COMMENT SUMMARY
& BACKGROUND, 1-2, http://www.usda.gov/documents/FARM_LOAN_PROGRAMS.pdf (last
visited Aug. 19, 2014) [hereinafter U.S. Dep't of Agric., Farm Loan Programs].
See FARM SERV. AGENCY, U.S. DEP'T OF AGRIC., YOUR GUIDE TO FSA FARM LOANS 16
(2014), available at
http://www.fsa.usda.gov/Internet/FSA_File/fsa_br_01_web_booklet.pdf (last
visited Aug. 19, 2014) (assisting farmers who are beginning farmers or socially
disadvantaged in borrowing farm loans to own, expand, or start a farm).





n115  FARM SERV. AGENCY, supra note 114, at 7.





n116  Id. at 7, 16.





n117  Id. at 16.





n118  Id. at 9.





n119  Fact Sheet, Farm Serv. Agency, Loans for Beginning Farmers & Ranchers, at
1 (Mar. 2014) (on file with author), available at
https://www.fsa.usda.gov/Internet/FSA_File/beginningloansoct14.pdf.





n120  FARM SERV. AGENCY, supra note 114, at 9.





n121  Id. at 10.





n122  Id.





n123  Id. at 12.





n124  Id. at 10.





n125  See infra Part IV.A.2.





n126  See generally Curry, 541 F.Supp. at 510 (establishing that Congress passed
the Bankhead-Jones Tenant Act of 1937 which provided for concept of farm loan
programs that still remains today).





n127  See id. at 510 (showing statute name changed); Agric. Act of 2014, supra
note 113.





n128  Curry, 541 F.Supp. at 511.





n129  Lawrence M. Friedman, Soc. Welfare Legislation: An Introduction, 21 STAN.
L. REV. 217, 220 (1969), available at 21 STNLR 217.





n130  Califano v. Aznavorian, 439 U.S. 170, 174 (1978).





n131  Friedman, supra note 129, at 217.





n132  Curry, 541 F.Supp. 506.





n133  Id. at 509.





n134  Id. at 508-509.





n135  Id. at 509-510.





n136  Id. at 516, 518.





n137  Id. at 519.





n138  Id. at 513.





n139  Id. at 518. The Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) is currently known as
Farm Service Agency (FSA). Farm Serv. Agency, U.S. Dep't of Agric., Agency
History, FARM SERVICE AGENCY, UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE (Jan. 9,
2008),
http://www.fsa.usda.gov/FSA/webapp?area=about&subject=landing&topic=ham-ah.





n140  CHITE, supra note 90, at 12.





n141  See Curry, 541 F.Supp. at 510, 514 (establishing that farm legislation
name changed and farm loans are social welfare legislation); see supra note 134.





n142  FARM SERV. AGENCY, supra note 114, at 16.





n143  Id. at 7.





n144  Id. at 18-21.





n145  See generally Curry, 541 F.Supp. at 511 (establishing that agricultural
credit designed to aid farmers who need help).





n146  FARM SERV. AGENCY, supra note 114, at 18-21. See U.S. Dep't of Agric.,
supra note 114, at 1-2 (establishing eligibility factors to qualify for farm
loans).





n147  FARM SERV. AGENCY, supra note 114, at 17.





n148  Id.





n149  See id.





n150  See generally KAREN R. HUMES, NICHOLAS A. JONES & ROBERTO R. RAMIREZ,
OVERVIEW OF RACE & HISPANIC ORIGIN: 2010, at 3 (Mar. 2011), available at
https://www.census.gov/prod/cen2010/briefs/c2010br-02.pdf (showing a list of
ethnicities as Asian).





n151  See id. at 6.





n152  Id. at 3.





n153  SOUTHEAST ASIA RES. ACTION CTR., SOUTHEAST ASIAN AMERICANS AT A GLANCE:
STATISTICS ON SOUTHEAST ASIANS ADAPTED FROM THE AM. CMTY. SURVEY 7 (last updated
Oct. 06, 2011), available at
http://www.searac.org/sites/default/files/STATISTICAL%20PROFILE%202010.pdf
[hereinafter SOUTHEAST ASIA RES. ACTION CTR., STATISTICS ON SOUTHEAST ASIANS].





n154  See Nat'l Sustainable Agric. Coal., Minority & Women Farmers, supra note
40, at 5.





n155  See FARM SERVICE AGENCY, supra note 114, at 16, 17.





n156  Id. at 20.





n157  See Int'l World History Project, Asian Americans, in INT'L WORLD HISTORY
PROJECT, 2, http://history-world.org/asian_americans.htm (last updated Jan.
2007) (accepting immigrants from Asia by enacting Immigration Act of 1965).





n158  See id. (indicating that the Refugee Act of 1980 aided reunification of
families and brought order to admission of immigrants coming from Southeast
Asian war zones).





n159  SOUTHEAST ASIA RES. ACTION CTR., STATISTICS ON SOUTHEAST ASIANS, supra
note 153, at 8.





n160  RANDALL MONGER & JAMES YANKAY, U.S. LEGAL PERMANENT RESIDENTS: 2012, 4
(Mar. 2013), available at
https://www.dhs.gov/sites/default/files/publications/ois_1pr_fr_2012_2.pdf.





n161  Id.





n162  See supra notes 157-161.





n163  FARM SERV. AGENCY, supra note 114, at 20.





n164  See generally Nat'l Sustainable Agric, Coal., Microloans Reaching Farmers,
supra note 27, at 1, 3 (showing through research that only a small number of
loans have been granted throughout the nation).





n165  Id.





n166  See supra Part IV.A.1.





n167  See generally Curry, 541 F.Supp. at 511 (permitting the underprivileged to
obtain loans).





n168  See id. at 510.





n169  See Califano, 439 U.S. at 174 (drawing lines as standards); Friedman,
supra note 129, at 220 (setting minimum standards as guidelines for status).





n170  See infra Part IV.A.2.





n171  See generally Nat'l Sustainable Agric, Coal., Microloans Reaching Farmers,
supra note 27, at 3 (getting loans were unsuccessful). See infra Part IV.B.





n172  FARM SERV. AGENCY, supra note 114, at 23. See generally Nat'l Inst. of
Food and Agric., Hmong Am. P'ship, supra note 7, at 2 (showing that only eleven
percent have business plan).





n173  FARM SERV. AGENCY, supra note 114, at 22.





n174  Id. at 24.





n175  Id. at 23.





n176  See Curry, 541 F.Supp. at 511 (establishing that the social welfare
legislation helps farmers who are in need of aid because they are
underprivileged).





n177  See infra notes 178-184.





n178  See RIAMSALIO PHETCHAREUN, SOUTHEAST ASIA RES. ACTION CTR., ENCOURAGING
ECON. EMPOWERMENT: A REPORT ON THE FIN. AND BANKING CAPABILITIES OF SOUTHEAST
ASIAN AM. COMMUNITIES IN CALIFORNIA 7, 12, 14 (May 2012), available at
http://www.searac.org/sites/default/files/SEARAC_2012_MAY_FINAL.pdf; see infra
notes 184-7.





n179  PHETCHAREUN, supra note 178, at 14.





n180  Id. at 11.





n181  Id. at 12.





n182  See Nat'l Inst. of Food and Agric., Hmong Am. P'ship, supra note 7, at 2.





n183  Id.





n184  Id. at 1.





n185  See supra notes 176-184.





n186  FARM SERV. AGENCY, supra note 114, at 19.





n187  See PHETCHAREUN, supra note 178, at 20.





n188  Id.





n189  Id.





n190  Id.





n191  Id. at 23.






n192  Id. at 23.





n193  See id. at 21.





n194  Id. at 20.





n195  See supra note 175 and notes 185-192.





n196  FARM SERV. AGENCY, supra note 114, at 19.





n197  See generally id. (requiring that applicants have good credit).





n198  See supra notes 186-191.





n199  FARM SERV. AGENCY, supra note 114, at 18.





n200  See generally Mark Arax, Many Refugees Work While Getting Welfare, LA
TIMES, Feb. 9, 1987, at 1, available at 1987 WLNR 1515267 (relying on public
assistance).





n201  See U.S. Dep't of Hous. and Urban Dev., Let FHA Loans Help You, HUD.GOV,
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/HUD?src=/buying/loans (last visited Nov. 2014).
See generally Mortg. Bankers Ass'n, Special Programs for Homebuyers,
HOMELOANLEARNINGCENTER.COM,
http://www.homeloanlearningcenter.com/consumerhelpdesk/specialprogramsforhomebuy
ers.htm (last visited Nov. 2014) (listing different types of government
assistance available to certain groups).





n202  U.S. Dep't of Veterans Affairs, Purchase & Cash-Out Refinance Home Loans,
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS (last update Oct. 22, 2013),
http://www.benefits.va.gov/HOMELOANS/purchasecashout.asp.





n203  U.S. Dep't of Hous. and Urban Dev., supra note 201.





n204  See Mortg. Bankers Ass'n, supra note 201 (catering to particular groups
with incentives that help them obtain loans).





n205  See generally id. (requiring only the minimum requirements as described by
each category to obtain the loans).





n206  FARM SERV. AGENCY, supra note 114, at 16.





n207  See Fact Sheet, Farm Serv. Agency, Microloans (Aug. 2013) (on file with
author), available at
http://www.fsa.usada.gov/Internet/FSA_File/microloans_eng_jan2013.pdf.





n208  Id.





n209  Id.





n210  Id.





n211  See U.S. Small Bus. Admin., Microloan Program, SBA.GOV,
http://www.sba.gov/content/microloan-program (last visited Nov. 2014).





n212  See generally Cynthia Nickerson et al., U.S. Dep't of Agric., Trends in
U.S. Farmland Values and Ownership, in ECONOMIC INFORMATION BULLETIN 92 (Feb.
2012), available at http://www.ers.usda.gov/media/377487/eib92_2_.pdf
(calculating maximum loan amount and cost per acre to obtain an average acreage
of land to farm).





n213  See generally id. (using the map, look for the amount of money per acreage
in regional areas).





n214  See supra Part II.A.2. See also Curry, 541 F.Supp. at 511 (establishing
that social welfare legislation helps the underprivileged).





n215  See supra Part IV.A.2.





n216  See Curry, 541 F.Supp. at 511.





n217  See supra note 215.





n218  See supra note 194.





n219  See supra note 212.





n220  See Curry, 541 F.Supp. at 513-514 (establishing that legislation in favor
of helping underprivileged, not businesses).





n221  See id. at 514.





n222  See supra notes 130-131.





n223  See supra notes 172-185.





n224  See supra note 202.





n225  See supra Part IV.A.2.





n226  See supra Part II.A.





n227  See supra Part II.C.





n228  See supra Part II.C.





n229  See supra Part I.





n230  J.D. Candidate, San Joaquin College of Law, 2016. This comment would not
have been possible without the encouragement and support from my parents and
husband, Kham Xiong. I would like to thank my sister, Ka Lia Lee, for her
continuous effort in reading this comment to help perfect it. Lastly, many
thanks to my sister, Maic Lee, for sacrificing countless hours of her personal
time to care for my little Catherine.


                               5 of 90 DOCUMENTS

                   Copyright (c) 2012 North Dakota Law Review
                            North Dakota Law Review

                                      2012

                            North Dakota Law Review

                              88 N.D. L. Rev. 347

LENGTH: 31434 words

ARTICLE: RURAL INHERITANCE: GENDER DISPARITIES IN FARM TRANSMISSION

NAME: Hannah Alsgaard*

BIO: * BA, University of Kentucky; JD, University of California, Berkeley,
School of Law. This Article would not have been possible without the guidance of
Professor Kathryn Abrams. I also thank Professor Catherine Albiston, Professor
Kristen Holmquist, Professor Patrick Hanlon, Anna Lund, Vikram Swaruup,
Christian Lehmann, and my parents, as well as participants in the inaugural
Berkeley Law legal scholarship seminar, for their comments and support. Thanks
is also due to Amanda Brossart, Evie Hudson, Shanna Brown, Margaret Eyre, and
the rest of the North Dakota Law Review team for their hard work and helpful
suggestions.

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... There have been substantial legal changes in the United States impacting
land inheritance and ownership, culminating with the Equal Protection Clause's
extension to gender discrimination and the gender-neutral Uniform Probate Code.
... Therefore, Part IV turns to the social history of women's land ownership and
farming, and the contemporary grooming practices favored by farming families.
... Finally, I suggest that education and support for farmers, farm-children,
and estate-lawyers will be useful to ensure testators make the best decision for
themselves, their farms, and their families while not systematically excluding
women from farming and land ownership.  ... This same limit would apply were a
state to explicitly favor sons over daughters in intestacy laws, so states are
forced to provide equal protection to children under the intestacy laws.  ...
Because most American farmers who are making a primary living off of their farms
live in the Midwest, it is notable that it is the same area where women have had
the greatest problem accessing farming and farmland.  ... FFA and 4-H can be
particularly important for girls who are not groomed to farm because the
programs can compensate for a lack of on-farm experience.  ... Rather, extension
services and other state agents must actively educate farming parents and
promote future female farmers.

HIGHLIGHT:

   Abstract


   Farmers are farmers' sons. Notable in our modern day, heralded by many as a
gender-neutral society, it is farmers' sons, not farmers' daughters, who become
farmers and take over ownership and management of the family farm. It has long
been true that agricultural knowledge and land have passed through generations
of men. In contrast, daughters, even today, are neither considered to be farmers
nor likely to inherit family farmland. This Article begins by chronicling how
farmland is inherited (by sons) then discusses why the pattern of excluding
women continues. There have been substantial legal changes in the United States
impacting land inheritance and ownership, culminating with the Equal Protection
Clause's extension to gender discrimination and the gender-neutral Uniform
Probate Code. Social changes have also been tremendous, but even legal and
social developments have been unable to correct gender disparity in farm
inheritance. After exploring many legal and social factors, I conclude it is
grooming - at the familial, governmental, and social levels - that plays the
most vital role in training future farmers and mainly accounts for the gender
difference in farm inheritance and the farming profession. This Article
ultimately proposes girls must be groomed to farm in order to rectify the vast
gender disparity in the ownership and management of family farms. A three
pronged approach will be needed to remedy the situation, specifically: changing
the role of lawyers, educating girls and women, and educating testators. What
remains most important is that daughters are given the same opportunity as sons
to farm based on merit, rather than being excluded from farm inheritance merely
because of their gender.


 TEXT:
 [*348]

   I. INTRODUCTION



[John Bergson] often called his daughter in to talk to her about [farm
production]. Before Alexandra was twelve years old she had begun to be a help to
him, and as she grew older he had come to depend more and more upon her
resourcefulness and good  [*349]  judgment. His boys were willing enough to
work, but when he talked with them they usually irritated him. It was Alexandra
who read the papers and followed the markets, and who learned by the mistakes of
their neighbors. It was Alexandra who could always tell about what it had cost
to fatten each steer, and who could guess the weight of a hog before it went on
the scales closer than John Bergson himself. Lou and Oscar were industrious, but
he could never teach them to use their heads about their work. n1

 Women have always been an important part of farming in the Midwestern United
States. n2 Female farmers have oftentimes been devalued - one form of this
devaluation has been to leave women without land. Two heroines created by Willa
Cather are instructive. n3 In her trilogy, Willa Cather explores the
consequences - on society, success, and happiness - of land inheritance created
by the early death of a father. n4 Despite the common struggle of these
daughters to help the family farm, there is a great difference in how their
lives progress, in part because Alexandra of O Pioneers! is left with an
ownership interest in the family farm while Antonia of My Antonia is not. n5

   On his deathbed, Alexandra's father places his daughter in charge of the farm
production and instructs the children to divide the land equally. n6 Years
later, Alexandra becomes a more successful farmer than either of her  [*350]
brothers and owns a well-established and financially successful farm. n7
Alexandra's brothers push back against her landownership and authority, saying,
"the property of a family really belongs to the men of the family, because they
are held responsible, and because they do the work." n8 By the end of the book
she becomes a very profitable farmer, but suffers enormous personal losses, n9
which Cather suggests are caused by issues of land ownership and control.
Alexandra inherits land, but that land contributes to her being single well into
her adulthood, familial estrangement, and the loss of her youngest brother. n10

   In contrast, the heroine of My Antonia never controls the family farm after
her father's untimely death, but by the end of the novel she lives a
traditionally happy family farm life. n11 In her teens after her father's death,
Antonia first labors on the homestead under the direction of her older brother.
n12 Then she works in town and sends money back to her brother to help fund the
farm. n13 Despite financially contributing to the family homestead, Antonia,
like many women, is left without land ownership. n14 Her life is difficult.
However, the last time the reader encounters Antonia, she is thriving on her
husband's land with her children n15 and is much happier than Alexandra at the
end of O Pioneers!. Cather suggests Antonia's familial happiness arises from not
inheriting the land and acquiescing to traditional gender roles.

   This pair of books shows the importance of land - but raises the possibility
that female land ownership does not lead to ultimate happiness. Alexandra makes
many (good) decisions over the course of her lifetime, while Antonia is guided
by her older brother. n16 Yet in O Pioneers!, Alexandra's decision-making
ability does not seem to have produced a better life. I disagree with this
interpretation. I argue that in the American Midwestern farming communities,
land ownership and decision-making capabilities are vitally important to the
role of women in family and society. Despite the importance of access to land,
women are still following  [*351]  Antonia's, not Alexandra's, path in life and
accessing land only through marriage to a farmer, rather than through
inheritance from parents, almost a hundred years after Cather penned her
trilogy.

   This Article chronicles the inheritance system in place on the family farms
of the American Midwest, and distinguishes that pattern from the narrative of
"equality in inheritance" heralded by scholarly accounts of urban n17 women.
Increasingly, dominant feminist scholarship has moved away from writing only
about white, straight, middle-class women. n18 Unfortunately, most scholarship
continues to focus on the lives of urban women. n19 This Article is a step
toward including rurality as an additional intersectional factor in feminist
scholarship: I take seriously the proposition that women are not a monolith.
Moreover, I take seriously that there are important differences in the lives of
rural women that must be addressed, especially when rural women are seemingly
disadvantaged in comparison to urban women. n20

   Part II identifies inequality in inheritance as a problem and explores why
inheritance matters. It overviews the practices surrounding farm inheritance and
demonstrates that women are not inheriting land to the same degree. I explore
the pattern of rural families tending to leave land - and therefore oftentimes
the bulk of their wealth - to sons instead of daughters. "There is a tendency in
intergenerational transfer of the [farm] to follow  [*352]  male lines." n21
Finally, Part II discusses additional flaws in the modern system for land
distribution, including the tendency of women to lose land at divorce. Part III
turns to the legal context - both historical and contemporary - that informs the
societal system as described in Part II. Although the law provides important
background rules, and may potentially shape testator choice, the law is not the
problem. Therefore, Part IV turns to the social history of women's land
ownership and farming, and the contemporary grooming practices favored by
farming families. I determine progress has been made, yet women are not being
groomed to take over family farms; thus, they are left without the tools to
become competent farmers.

   Starting with the conclusion that women have a lesser chance of gaining
ownership and control of the family farm, Part V explores the implications of
these disparate patterns of inheritance and control. Substantiating the
importance of land ownership in citizenship, n22 I argue neither law nor social
institutions should accept this pattern. Finally, I suggest that education and
support for farmers, farm-children, and estate-lawyers will be useful to ensure
testators make the best decision for themselves, their farms, and their families
while not systematically excluding women from farming and land ownership.

   II. THE PROBLEM: CURRENT PRACTICES IN FARM INHERITANCE

 The most notable question at issue in this Article is how family farmers
actually transmit real property to children. Underlying this Article is the
importance of women in the history of American farming. Women settled  [*353]
the West as homesteaders - both alone and with husbands or families. n23 During
World War I, over twenty thousand women from cities and towns ascended on rural
America to work farms left devoid of workers since many farmers had been
transformed into soldiers. n24

   Modern data indicate the continuing importance of women to farming
communities and agricultural production. As of the most recent Census of
Agriculture - conducted in 2007 n25 - there were 2,204,792 farms in the United
States. n26 This is a four percent increase in the number of farms over the 2002
census. n27 However, that growth was not evenly distributed over the size of
farms. "Between 2002 and 2007, the number of farms with sales of less than $
1,000 increased by 118,000. The number of farms with sales of more than $
500,000 grew by 46,000 during the same period." n28

   The 2007 Census of Agriculture also showed increased diversity in farming
with increased numbers of female, Hispanic, American Indian, Asian, and Black
farmers. n29 The trend for new farms has also been toward smaller farms; most of
the new farms have "more diversified production, fewer acres, lower sales and
younger operators who also work off-farm." n30 Many of these newer farms are
considered lifestyle farms, n31 where owners are not farming as a primary source
of support, but rather farming for enjoyment and to supplement income from other
sources. n32 Therefore,  [*354]  although diversity may be increasing in the
sheer numbers of farms, the evidence does not show that farming minorities are
gaining control of larger and more productive farms, rather, they are often
starting their own smaller and less economically productive farms.

   A. The Scope of the Article

 In this Article, I have chosen to focus on family-owned farms and ranches that
provide a substantial amount of a family's income. This excludes corporate
farmers, n33 farm laborers, and those who live on most lifestyle farms. This
Article focuses mainly on agricultural farms and some ranches in the American
Midwest and the Northern Mountain West, in large part as a product of available
anthropological research. n34 Throughout this Article, I intend to include
ranching states such as Wyoming and Montana within my discussion of the
Midwestern farms that are the focus on my analysis.

   As this Article is focused mainly on agricultural farms in the Midwest, it
generally excludes Southern farms and, therefore, most African American farms.
n35 In 1997, there were only twenty thousand African American farmers, or less
than one percent of all farmers, and those farmers owned fewer than two million
acres in total. n36 To put these numbers in perspective, in 2010, South Dakota,
a state with only seven hundred thousand residents, had over thirty thousand
farms operating on well over forty million acres. n37 Despite the fact that
agriculture is intimately linked with the history of African Americans and
African Americans are integral  [*355]  to the history of agriculture in the
United States, n38 this Article does not discuss Southern farms separately, in
large part, due to the lack of substantial recent anthropological studies of
African American or other Southern farms. n39

   The research that this Article relies also has very little to say about
Southwestern or Western farms, which include a large proportion of Hispanic
farmers. n40 Whereas farms and ranches in the Midwest tend to be family owned
and operated, most Southwestern and Western agricultural production has moved
toward large corporate farms. n41 Because I choose to focus on family farms and
their exclusion of female heirs, n42 the non-family farms are outside of the
scope of this Article. This Article addresses Midwestern family farms, meaning
further research is needed on other regions of the country. n43

   As a consequence of focusing mainly on the Midwest, this Article comments
mainly on the lives and inheritances of white women. Certainly white women are
not the only population impacted by continuing inequality in inheritance;
however, by virtue of where anthropological and sociological studies have taken
place, n44 most studied are farming  [*356]  communities of mainly northern
European ancestry. n45 With these limitations in mind, this Article is still
able to deal with a little-recognized form of oppression operating on women -
that of being rural. Rural women are not a monolithic group - in fact, much of
the research cited is comparative work that contrasts the inheritance practices
of different ethnic groups of farmers. This Article shows trends in the existing
diverse research to indicate how, despite differences in rural women's lives,
many are being excluded from an equal share of inheritance and an equal chance
of land ownership.

   B. Options for Property Distribution



"Female heirs present a particular problem for family-farm continuity. A son is
a potential farmer, but a daughter may either marry a farmer or marry a
non-farmer and leave agriculture." n46

 In the modern day, there are many ways in which parents pass property and
skills onto their children. As I discuss, there has been a shift toward parents
providing more educational support for children in lieu of large payments at the
death of the parents. n47 This trend is certainly affecting farming communities;
however, because of the amount of wealth tied up in land and equipment,
inheritance practices are necessarily different - and arguably more important -
on family farms. n48 Farm real estate n49 is the major asset for most farms. n50
In 2009, land and structures on farms accounted for eighty-four percent of the
total value of farm assets in the United States. n51

   In farming communities, there are several common patterns of wealth
distribution at the death or retirement of the parents. The first practice sees
[*357]  the family farm liquidated with proceeds divided between children;
liquidation tends to result in equal distribution of wealth between children of
different genders. n52 This trend is not surprising in light of economic
circumstances. A study of peasant communities found "when a rural community
becomes highly monetized, the heirs tend to translate their rights into cash
rather than to entangle themselves in joint family economic enterprises." n53 If
there is no child willing to take over the family farm, often the land is
liquidated after the parents' deaths or at the time of the parents' retirement
from farming. n54 The major downfall of this system is that the value of the
farm is generally higher if passed through generations rather than sold, in
particular because of the high cost of farm equipment that would lose value upon
dissolution of a family farm. n55

   In the alternative, if land is not liquidated, the land will stay in the
family and either a single-heir or multiple heirs will inherit. In single-heir
systems, a single child inherits the farm; even today it is most likely the
inheriting child is a son who has been groomed from an early age to take over
the farm. n56 The benefits of this system include maintaining a strong farmer
class, providing the next generation of farmers with adequate land for
productive farming, and lessening the indebtedness of new farmers. n57 A strong
farmer class is maintained because farmers inherit enough land to  [*358]
survive economically; the alternative is seeing family farms, divided through
generations, that ultimately become too small for economical production. n58
However, in the single-heir system there is a great chance that even if other
children are compensated with personal property or other non-farm real property
they will receive a smaller proportion of their parents' wealth than the child
taking the farm. n59

   In multi-heir systems, all of the children receive a fairly equal share of
the land. n60 The land can be divided into separate pieces, or the land can be
held in common by the children. n61 Generally, one son is groomed to farm and
takes over management of the farm. n62 Therefore, the farming child must either
cooperate with siblings who are co-owners or must buy out siblings to gain full
ownership of the farm. n63 The benefits of this system include advantages
stemming from tax incentives to distribute land equally, as well as equal
treatment of children, regardless of chosen profession or gender. n64 The system
is problematic because the farm will be split up into small parcels and
therefore less economically viable pieces of land. n65 Thus, the child wanting
to farm will have to find capital to buy out siblings, or the farming child will
have to make farming decisions with non-farming siblings who still own
significant portions of the farm but do not contribute labor or presence. n66

   All three systems - liquidation, single-heir, and multi-heir - have been used
extensively in farming communities around the world. n67 Farmers in  [*359]  the
United States use all three systems, but because of the developing cultural
emphasis on equal treatment of children and tax structures to support the same,
the trend has been for farming communities to move more toward a multi-heir
system. n68 This trend has not been implemented fully, has not created equal
land ownership opportunities for women, and has not been implemented in the same
way across communities. n69 In a multi-heir system, one might think women would
be likely to take over the family farm at least some of the time, but despite
the United States trend toward a multi-heir system, women are still not taking
over management of family farms. n70 I propose that, even with equal wealth
distribution, a main reason why women are not becoming farmers may be explained
by gendered differences in grooming practices.

   C. Inheritance Practices

 It is clear that daughters are not farming with their parents. n71 Less clear
is what those parents are leaving to their daughters as an inheritance. It is
certainly arguable that residence and inheritance are "simply different aspects
of a single system, the operating principle of which is that the heir or heirs
maintain their residence and membership within the paternal household." n72 The
link to residence is clear from quantitative studies: if a woman and her husband
farm with the woman's parents, she is more likely to own land, as well as larger
portions of it, than a woman who farms with her husband's parents, who would
likely own little, if any, land. n73 Given the apparent strong correlation
between children staying on the farm and land ownership, and the strong tendency
of sons staying on the family farm, the question then arises: how are parents
compensating daughters? Compensation could include personal property, liquid
assets, part ownership of the family farm, life insurance policies, or other
real property  [*360]  such as an off-the-farm house. n74 Each of these varying
inheritances could be given as testamentary n75 or inter vivos n76 gifts.

   The evidence on how farms are passed down is contradictory; in many instances
it appears parents give equally to their children and the farming sibling must
buy-out his siblings in order to actually take the land. Anthropological studies
have found variances among communities between single-heir and multi-heir
inheritance practices. n77 However, the trend appears to be moving toward a
multi-heir approach as ideology and tax law in America value the splitting of
property among heirs. n78 Even in multi-heir systems where there is a focus on
equitable distribution of assets, equality is often neither practicable nor
desired. n79 For example, the child who will continue to farm has often graced
the farm with years of equitable labor, which would create an undue benefit in
the other children if there were an equal distribution of land at the parent's
death. n80 In addition, it will often be difficult, if not impossible, for the
farming child to pay off siblings, putting the continuance of the family farm in
jeopardy. n81 These are all very specific considerations made by parents as they
plan their estates and weigh  [*361]  tax benefits and fairness against what is
best for continuance of the family farm. n82

   A twenty-three-year-old man from outside Yankton, South Dakota, reports how
his parents will likely distribute the farm between him, his three younger
brothers, and sister:



   If my brother decides to take over the farm, the land will not be divided. I
would guess that Adam, and potentially Sam, would receive all of the farmland
and Jenni, Josh, and I would receive a monetary payout. Obviously, if no one
takes over the farm, the land and monetary assets would be split equally among
us. n83

 For this family, it seems intuitively fair that only the farming child will
take ownership of the farm, while the other siblings will receive payouts to
compensate for not having an interest in the farm. n84 The scheme of equal
division of the farm itself is not seen as an option. n85

   Even in communities and families where there is an equal distribution of
wealth, it is still not women who end up as owners and managers of the family
farm. n86 Rather, it is their brothers or husbands who end up in control of the
land. Part of this trend is the problem that women are not being groomed to take
over the family farm. n87 Therefore, a woman's best chance of farming is to
marry into a farming family and have a husband who takes the family farm from
his parents. n88 Certainly for many women, this is a trend that is workable -
women can continue to farm, just not at their natal farm. However, assuming
women are comfortable and protected farming inside another family is problematic
and oftentimes very wrong. People tend to have sentimental value attached to
family land, n89 but if it is always  [*362]  women who are moving to new plots
of land, then there is a lesser connection built through generations of women to
the family land. n90 In addition, moving to a husband's family farm often leads
to tension between the daughter-in-law and the husband's family, which can make
isolated rural life less desirable for farm women. n91 Studies have found the
daughter-in-law is the most stressed family member in two-generational farming
and ranching families. n92

   Even if women are land owners, they often cede either ownership or control to
husbands or brothers. n93 Therefore, inheritance systems are not the only factor
at play in determining whether or not women have access and control over land.
However, inheritance plays an important role, along with grooming, in
determining how much land access each child will have, and therefore the
gendered makeup of farmers in the United States.

   D. The Impact of Divorce



Kim put 10 years of sweat equity into their farm; her only way out of an unhappy
marriage was to leave that investment behind. "I didn't want to destroy the farm
by asking for half of it," Kim says. She emerged without a job, her own credit
history, or even a title to list on a resume. n94

  [*363]  Because women tend not to have ownership of their parents' land and
tend to live with husbands on property inherited from his family, a potential
divorce puts a woman's chances of land ownership at risk. There is no existing
literature that explores this issue in depth. However, this Article attempts to
briefly mention the different factors impacting how female farmers are harmed in
divorce.

   There are several trends that contribute to the pattern of women losing land
ownership and access at divorce. First, as already discussed, women are less
likely to take over the natal farm than are their brothers, meaning a woman is
more likely to move onto the family farm of a husband, leaving her without
access to, and oftentimes ownership of, her natal farm. A second factor is the
timing of wealth transmission in intergenerational farm families. Because most
parents do not deed land over until death, or at least late old-age, it is
unlikely the young or middle-aged adult farmer will outright own the land that
he or she is farming. n95 In turn, this means a woman may labor for years on her
husband's family farm and walk away from a divorce with no land because it did
not yet belong to the couple. n96 Where the farm is not owned by the couple and
therefore is not marital property, a wife is likely not going to get an interest
in the land at divorce. n97 Although probably able to negotiate a settlement for
the labor put into the farm and an increase in value, a divorcee is not going to
receive the same type of monetary settlement she would have gotten had the
couple already owned the farmland. n98

   One example from South Dakota - a separate property state - provides a good
examination of what lies in store for women in divorce. n99 In 2000, the South
Dakota Supreme Court decided Albrecht v. Albrecht. n100 After marrying, the
couple soon moved to the husband's parents' farm where the couple purchased
farmland from the husband's parents with assets from the  [*364]  marital
estate. n101 Twelve years later at divorce, the trial court determined that only
the appreciation in the land bought from the parents was marital property - the
rest was husband's separate property because it was a gift - even though it was
bought with marital assets. n102 The husband also received the livestock,
equipment, and marital home because it came through his family - the wife
received only a parcel of rental property located away from the family farm.
n103

   The Supreme Court of South Dakota reversed only the finding that the parcel
of land had been a gift from the husband's parents. n104 The court found no
abuse of discretion in awarding the husband the marital home simply because it
was on farmland purchased from his family, and found no abuse of discretion in
awarding the farm equipment to him because he needed it to operate a farming
business, while the wife's interest in raising livestock was dismissed as
unnecessary. n105 The laws of South Dakota n106 were unable to protect the
wife's property interest, and she received very little for her contribution to
the farm and nothing to help her continue in the agricultural business - largely
because the couple farmed on the husband's family's land, not the wife's
family's land.

   Not only does the threat of divorce and an expensive settlement increase
stress in intergenerational farm families, but a divorce itself leaves women
with no stake in her husband's future probability of owning land. n107 If a
divorce is looming, it is going to be the husband and his natal family who
control when and how the land changes hands, making it even easier for men to
control strategically when they become land owners in order to effectively
exclude women. n108

    [*365]  Divorce is also a factor for farming couples who are not part of
two-generational households. As one young farmer described rural living, "we are
in a wonderful spot in rural America, even if there aren't hip bars with good
beer on tap." n109 Presumably for many farmers, rurality contributes positively
to their quality of life. However, living on a farm in a rural community can
also lead to feelings of isolation. The "isolation breaks up marriages" in some
circumstances. n110 The breakup of marriages should be a concern because of the
sweat equity poured by both parties to a marriage into the farm and the
complications of asking one party to leave the farmland to the other. There is
less concern about excluding women when a couple owns their own land and the
land will be divided either equally or equitably under the marital property
regime than when land was gifted, inherited, or purchased from the husband's
parents. n111 The threat - and impact - of divorce is an important factor
governing couples' lives on farms. As discussed further in Part V, there is an
important role for both extension service agents and lawyers to play in
informing women, and men, about the way that property will be divided at
divorce. n112

   E. Additional Complications: The Cost of Farmland and Access to Education

 As is evidenced by history, the start-up cost for farmers is simply too high
for most people to buy land and begin farming. n113 The high cost of land is
another complicating factor that prevents women from becoming farmers. n114
Because farmland is currently at a premium, it is even more damaging to a
farming career for daughters who do not inherit land.

   Iowa is illustrative of high farm prices as the state has seen a spike in
farm prices recently, which has led to high demand for farmland. n115 As  [*366]
crop prices have risen - corn has tripled and soybeans doubled in the last five
years - "farm operators appear willing to pay up to maximum values for land
based on expected profits accruing from the land's best use." n116 In other
words, farmers are putting their money in land rather than other investments.
n117 This additional land investment is the result of the rise in crop prices as
well as farming technology that has allowed farmers to make a profit off of land
previously thought inhospitable. n118 "The three most important factors driving
higher asset values (including farm real estate) continue to be relatively high
expected income from production assets, favorable borrowing costs, and expected
growth of future return on these investments." n119

   To some, the prodigious gain in farm prices is unsustainable:



   In Iowa, the state with the highest gains in the Midwest, the average price
of farmland grew a record 32 percent [in 2010] to $ 6,700 an acre, according to
a study released last week by Iowa State University. [In December 2011] a land
auction in the northwest corner of the state shattered records when one farm
sold for $ 20,000 an acre, prompting another round of warnings of a real estate
bubble. n120

 Increasingly expensive tillable land thus creates a structural and economic
barrier to new farmers entering the profession. n121 Certainly the acreage value
of farmland varies considerably among states. n122 However, there is a predicted
23.5% increase in land values from 2008 until 2012. n123

   Currently, the price of farmland is high, but the "income from farming has
been more than sufficient to service the debt on farm real estate  [*367]
purchases at current mortgage rates." n124 However, this has only been true over
the last few years - from 2005 until 2008 farming income was insufficient income
to cover the debts required to purchase farm real estate. n125 The United States
Department of Agriculture asserts historically low interest rates as a
significant contributing factor allowing the income from farming to support the
high land values. n126 The warning is that "increases in interest rates would
likely put downward pressure on farmland values" because farming income would no
longer be able to support high prices. n127 "Agriculture is particularly
sensitive to interest rates because it is one of the most capital-intensive
industries in the economy." n128

   The farmers who start without a family business and piece of land tend to
operate smaller operations on less space and earn less income, as the data on
new farms by minority owners indicates. n129 A part of this is the actual cost
of land, and another is the start-up costs of investing in the expensive
equipment needed on larger farms and ranches. n130 Capital and land access are
two main barriers to entry for new farmers. n131 For many new farmers, farming
is relegated to a second source of income. For example:



   At Quincy Farm in upstate New York, Luke Deikis and Cara Fraver say they are
living their dream, harvesting cabbage, sweet potatoes and carrots on a 49-acre
property on the Hudson River. Still, even after three years of farming, Ms.
Fraver, 30, waits tables, and Mr. Deikis, 31, moonlights as an engineer in the
film industry, occasionally driving three and a half hours to Manhattan to pay
the bills. n132

 This couple is not abnormal in the world of young farmers as seventy-three
percent of young farmers must work away from their farms. n133 The 2007 Census
of Agriculture found close to eighty percent of the new farm operators had to
work off-farm and were less likely to farm full time than  [*368]  established
farmers. n134 "Farms with principal operators who started within the past [five]
years only account for [thirteen] percent of all U.S. farms and [seven] percent
of all sales." n135 While new farmers seek to enter the profession, the
challenges are high - particularly for those who are not inheriting land or who
have not been groomed to become farmers.

   Moreover, new farmers are challenged to gain the education that has
traditionally been passed through family grooming. Educational institutions are
beginning to diversify their offerings - potentially creating a greater space
for those who did not grow up on family farms to enter the profession. n136
However, despite increased educational opportunities, access to land remains a
critical barrier to becoming a farmer. At various times in the United States'
history, the government has pushed agricultural education. The first such push
was in 1785 when associations for the promotion of agriculture were first
formed. n137 The first year that a limited number of colleges began to provide
agricultural instruction was 1792. n138 The first school to offer agricultural
instruction was Columbia, followed by Harvard and Yale. n139

   Agricultural education shifted from the private to the public sphere after
the passage of the Morrill Act in 1862. n140 The Morrill Act was critical to
creating agricultural colleges. n141 Importantly, it apportioned public land to
each state to create state colleges of agriculture and mechanic arts. n142 The
year 1887 saw expansion for many land-grant universities through the Hatch Act,
which provided agricultural experiment stations in every state, many of which
were placed on land-grant universities. n143 In the early 1900s, the federal
government shifted policy goals and there was a focus on secondary education and
a limited focus on elementary education. n144 The Department of Agriculture was
interested in unifying the education system as to "agriculture and country
life." n145 One proposal was to create hundreds  [*369]  of "agricultural
finishing schools" around the nation to complement the already existing
land-grant universities. n146 Willet M. Hayes, then the Assistant Secretary of
the Department of Agriculture, stated in 1909 that the goals of these schools
would be "something of instruction in agriculture, in home economics, and in
social and civil affairs, as well as ... general education, and shall be taught
to all the boys and girls of the farm." n147 In 1917, the federally supported
vocational agricultural educational programs were created. n148 High schools
currently vary widely on the agricultural educational offerings, including the
availability of student organizations, agricultural courses, and extracurricular
activities. n149 Land-grant universities continue to lead the higher education
of future farmers. n150

   The additional complications are more evidence of the importance of women
gaining access to land through inheritance. Once the importance of women's
access to family land is recognized, the question in large part becomes whether
this is something that can and should be advocated through laws or social
programs.

   III. LAW

 In order to understand why the inheritance practices exist as they do, I
examine historical and contemporary laws. Historically women have had fewer land
and inheritance rights and states had statutes that discriminated on the basis
of gender. n151 Many legal changes have impacted how women earn, own, and
inherit property. The important legal changes include the Nineteenth Amendment,
n152 the application of the Equal Protection clause to gender discrimination,
n153 and statutory actions such as the Married  [*370]  Women's Property Acts,
n154 the abolishment of dower, n155 and gender neutral intestacy schemes. n156
Also important is an exploration of the contemporary gender-neutral intestacy
laws and what, if any, impact they have on how land is inherited.

   A. Historical Legal Changes

 Legal changes have impacted how women inherit land. Social changes, such as
changing norms in inheritance, access to higher education, and urbanization,
have affected mainly urban and suburban women. However, the legal changes in the
status of women have been more far-reaching and apply to rural women as well.
n157 The status of women has been on a positive, albeit admittedly intermittent,
track toward gender-equality and continues to progress. Several constitutional
and statutory changes have had a particularly important and lasting impact on
women's rights to property and inheritance.

   To begin, an important move in the dismantling of legal coverture n158 was
the passage of the married women's property acts by individual states from the
1830s, through the 1870s. n159 These laws gave women the right to own the
property they brought into the marriage or were deeded during the marriage. n160
These laws were important for women's legal status as they allowed married women
to own property. n161 However, the laws were promulgated not to advance women's
rights but to keep the wife's property free from creditors, enabling families to
remain solvent when husbands were in debt. n162 This purpose was particularly
salient for farmers because at the time "farmers operated in a dangerous cycle
of borrowing and amassed dangerous levels of debt." n163 Therefore, the married
women's property acts  [*371]  created a way for middle class families to
achieve a level of economic security the wealthy had long obtained through
trusts. n164 Though these laws could have substantially changed how women owned
and accessed property, they were applied conservatively n165 and did little to
change how women lived. n166 Despite their limitations, ultimately the married
women's property acts provided the groundwork for later progressions that would
better allow women to control land. n167

   Accompanying the promulgation of the married women's property acts were the
laws that abolished dower. n168 Under early American common law, dower was a
legal protection provided to women. n169 Dower recognized women had a property
interest in the marital property held by her husband. n170 In most states, a
wife was guaranteed a life estate in one-third of the marital property upon her
husband's death. n171 However, before the married women's property acts were
passed by individual states, a woman had no control of marital assets during her
husband's lifetime. n172 Therefore, if her husband were to lose the property she
would receive no dower at his death and be left without property for support.
n173 After the 1850s, all but two separate property states had replaced dower
with intestacy schemes that gave gender-neutral shares to husbands and wives at
the death of their spouse. n174 The movement toward equality in intestacy was a
part of the same movement that abolished dower in most states by 1850. n175
While the new intestacy schemes oftentimes limited the shares to a life estate,
they  [*372]  generally granted substantial homestead exemptions n176 and
therefore allowed widows, or widowers, to remain in the marital home. n177

   Despite the fact the new intestacy laws abolishing dower rid women of the
inequality of receiving a lesser share than their male counterparts, the laws
sometimes decreased the property available to a widow. n178 Currently in
separate property states, widows are guaranteed an "elective share" of their
deceased husband's estate. n179 If an elective share is an option, a widow, or
widower, can elect to take a certain percentage of the wealth, oftentimes
one-half or one-third, rather than whatever was gifted through the will. n180 In
community property states, women are guaranteed a one-half interest in any
marital property. n181 The abolishment of dower laws and the shift toward
elective shares has given women more say in the property they inherit at the
time of a spouse's death.

   Possibly the most vital legal change was the passage of the Nineteenth
Amendment in 1920. The Nineteenth Amendment conferred on women one important
indicia of citizenship - suffrage. n182 The Nineteenth Amendment overturned
Minor v. Happersett, n183 an 1874 case which held the right to vote was not a
privilege of citizenship; therefore, women could be denied the vote. n184 Even
after women achieved the vote, they were still denied many indicia of
citizenship. n185 Voting did not necessarily translate into equal property and
inheritance rights for women; however, the amendment did provide women with a
basis to claim full citizenship.

   By the 1970s, the Supreme Court had become more willing to accept Fourteenth
Amendment attacks on gender discrimination. n186 In 1971 the Court first struck
down a gender classification under the Equal Protection  [*373]  Clause. n187 In
1976, the Supreme Court strengthened protection against gender discrimination by
applying a heightened scrutiny standard. n188 Although limits exist on what the
Court will strike down, n189 a state classification of inheritance based on
gender would not survive the heightened scrutiny in place for gender
classifications. n190 Therefore, any law that mirrored actual patterns of farm
inheritance could not survive review. n191 The prohibition against relying
merely on stereotypes of proper gender roles in the creation of gender-based
classification also means states could not create a law favoring male farmers
merely on the stereotype that only sons wish to farm. n192

   Finally the gender-neutral Uniform Probate Code (UPC) published in 1969
helped to produce a range of other gender-neutral state intestacy laws. n193
This statutory gender neutrality has led courts to grant equality to female
takers in instances where there is no will. n194 The gender neutral intestacy
schemes are important as they assure the government will not distribute property
based on gender. n195 However, neither the UPC nor any  [*374]  other intestacy
scheme has a direct impact on testators, nor do the intestacy schemes assure
that testators will not use antiquated stereotypes in devising property. n196

   B. Current Intestacy Laws

 In the United States, the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment -
for the most part - requires equal governmental treatment of women. n197
Intestacy schemes previously favored men in the distribution of property. n198
In 1971, the Supreme Court decided Reed v. Reed, n199 striking down a provision
of the Idaho intestacy statute which preferenced naming men as administrators of
estates. n200 This decision buttressed the gender neutrality advocated by the
UPC. n201

   The UPC includes multiple parts; the most important for this discussion is
the intestacy scheme. Intestacy schemes govern the way property will be
distributed if a decedent dies without a will or other distribution document.
n202 The UPC does not make any determination based on a recipient's gender. n203
Today, twenty states have adopted the UPC either in whole or in part. n204 The
states that have not adopted the UPC also do not  [*375]  differentiate based on
gender. n205 States, rural and urban, have very similar intestacy doctrines
whereby sons and daughters take equal shares. n206 For the purposes of this
Article, intestacy schemes are important for two reasons. First, many people die
without wills or trusts in place so a substantial percentage of wealth is
transmitted through the intestate process and goes to the takers assigned by
statute. n207 Second, intestacy schemes are often interpreted as presumed intent
doctrines and therefore legislatures promulgate intestacy schemes to reflect
what the average decedent would want. n208

   As the default rule, the intestacy schemes in a state can have a large impact
on how property is passed down through generations. For someone to avoid
intestacy, he or she must promulgate a valid will or trust which dispenses all
of their property. n209 If a farmer living in South Dakota, a farming state
which has adopted the UPC, dies leaving no spouse but four children, those
children will each split the property equally. n210 An equal splitting of
property may not always be the best decision for ensuring the continuation of a
family farm, but it is the law in all United States jurisdictions and serves to
treat all siblings equally, regardless of their gender or relationship to the
farm. In the United States, around fifty percent of the population dies
intestate. n211 Many more die in partial intestacy. n212  [*376]  State probate
systems and the UPC apply the intestacy scheme to all property not otherwise
distributed at decedent's death. n213

   The second importance of intestacy schemes is conceptualizing them as
presumed intent doctrines. This theory holds that a state should design its
intestacy scheme to match what a testator would want to happen to his or her
property, which in most instances is to share property equally between children.
n214 A second theory is the duty theory, which holds that intestacy schemes
should be drafted to provide for distribution of the estate to continue the
decedent's duty of support. n215 However, the duty theory has not maintained
prominence in the United States; rather, states are legislating based on the
presumed intent theory. n216 In fact the drafters of the UPC stated that the
intestacy provisions were in place "to reflect the normal desire of the owner of
wealth as to the disposition of his property at death." n217 With this as the
stated purpose, states, both rural and urban, believe the average person intends
that his or her children, regardless of gender, take equal shares of all
property. n218 However, as demonstrated in Part II, in farming families, this is
not the case.

   The Fourteenth Amendment limits how laws can automatically distribute
property - even if relying on testator's intent. n219 In discussing another
group long excluded from intestacy doctrines, so-called illegitimate children,
the Supreme Court in Trimble v. Gordon n220 noted "at least when the
disadvantaged group has been a frequent target of discrimination, as
illegitimates have, we doubt that a State constitutionally may place the burden
on that group by invoking the theory of "presumed intent'" and thereby excluding
them from intestate succession. n221 This same limit would apply were a state to
explicitly favor sons over daughters in intestacy laws, so states are forced to
provide equal protection to children under the  [*377]  intestacy laws. n222
Intestacy doctrines may be theorized to be presumed intent doctrines, but the
fact that a state cannot discriminate on gender appears to create a disparity
between the actual intent of decedents and how states distribute property.

   This is the legal background against which testators operate as they decide
to whom their property should go. However, it is unclear how much individual
testators are influenced by the intestacy schemes - presumably, those who fully
agree with the intestacy schemes do not bother to write wills. With substantial
property distribution happening during life and more happening through probate,
the societal explanations for the inheritance and ownership of land are
particularly important because of the private ordering of so much of this
transmission.

   IV. SOCIETAL EXPECTATIONS AND INTERACTIONS

 Since the continuing disinheritance of daughters on family farms is more than
the combination of the legal history and contemporary legal framework, this
problem must be explained by additional social factors. This Part examines
social changes that have impacted the inheritance of women in America, and
specifically how those changes have impacted the inheritance of family farms. I
argue a substantial reason why women are not becoming principal farmers is
daughters are not groomed to take over the farm. This in turn leaves women
ill-equipped to manage a farm even if they were to receive a property interest,
thus leaving a properly-groomed brother with control and decision-making ability
over that land.

   A. Social Changes

 Several factors explain why even contemporary rural women fail to inherit
farms: these changes include urbanization, increased access to higher education,
and changing norms in inheritance practices. n223 Traditionally, rural women's
access to land and the profession of farming  [*378]  was not direct, but
instead depended on marrying a husband with land. n224 Even once a woman had
access to land, either through a father or husband, she was still prevented from
being the principal farmer or rancher. n225 In addition to the legal changes
chronicled above, there have been cultural and socio-economic changes in
American that have affected common practices of inheritance. Ultimately,
however, the common understanding and practice is that sons will become farmers
- daughters will, at most, become a farmer's wife. Take for example a recent
editorial in a South Dakota newspaper entitled Writer's Block: A Farm Wife Wears
Many Hats. n226 The writer discusses how her role in the farm was to cook for
the men - it is "the men and now the sons" who collaborate as farmers in the
neighborhood. n227 Her innocent description of farm life is telling - in many
rural farming communities for a daughter to farm is unexpected. n228 However,
social changes impacting inheritance are more complicated than this woman's
narrative. Urbanization, increased availability of higher education, and
increased inter vivos gifts have changed how farmland and farm knowledge are
passed from one generation to the next. n229

   1. Urbanization

 A primary trend impacting inheritance practices is urbanization. During the
colonial period, when much of the population was living on small family farms,
families tended to give land to one son and give the  [*379]  other children any
remaining personal property. n230 Soon, however, population centers started
developing. n231 One impact was the push by the urban merchant class to be able
to pass wealth through generations using the trust as a vehicle. n232 The
development of the trust created a way for non-real property to be passed down
through generations and rendered real property less central in the
intergenerational wealth transfer for the wealthy urban class. n233 Trusts were
particularly helpful for families as they allowed older generations to put
limitations on the spending of money through devices such as the spend-thrift
trust n234 and trusts that paid out in a future generation. n235 Along with
trusts, the growth of suburban home ownership has been important in changing
practices. n236 By the twenty-first century, with a large portion of the
population now living in cities and suburbs rather than on farms, n237 families'
assets have changed. For most families, the majority of their wealth is now tied
up in their family home and personal property; family homes are generally
liquidated and passed to heirs as liquid assets. n238 The liquidating of homes
makes it easier to divide assets  [*380]  equally between multiple children,
making it more likely than with family farms that all children will have equal
access to their parents' property. n239

   The development of trusts and the move toward suburban land ownership does
not have the same impact on the property distribution of rural farmers who
continue to have a large portion of their wealth tied up in the family farm, as
opposed to trusts or suburban homes. Because there are not as many liquidated
assets available on the death of the farm-owning parent, it is much more
important how the farm or ranch land gets distributed. n240 The common narrative
of equality in inheritance that relies on urban standards of ownership thus
cannot account for situations in which a family farm or ranch is still the
majority of a family's wealth and will likely not be liquidated. n241

   2. Higher Education

 The second societal change leading to shifting inheritance norms is the
availability and rising cost of higher education. In the last century, college
has become more accessible but also has risen drastically in price. n242
Cultural norms have also changed: early settlers of the Midwest were not always
appreciative of education; in western North Dakota in the 1920s, "higher
education was frowned upon. Most of the parents took the position that it served
only to spoil young people and, even more dangerous, it lured them away from
farm life." n243 Contemporary farmers see education as beneficial to children
and the future of family farms. Higher education is important because children
are now more likely to use a bulk of what would be their inheritance to pay for
college instead of having inheritance come through large gifts at the parents'
deaths. n244 Parents are pushed to save for  [*381]  college from early on and
often times sink significant wealth into providing higher education for their
children. n245

   Increased attendance at and spending for college is not only an urban trend;
rural men and women are also leaving the farm for college. However, leaving for
college does not mean young people will not return to farm. A
twenty-three-year-old man originally from Utica, South Dakota explains his
decision to attend college:



   When I graduated from high school I knew I wanted to farm, and in reality
there really is no need for a college degree to run a farm in my opinion. But,
my dad talked some sense into me and I got my degree so that I could eventually
hopefully own the farm myself. n246

 This man intends to find a local engineering job and begin to help his father
on the farm in his spare-time, eventually taking over the farm full-time. n247
His college education did not teach him to farm; but in his view learning to
farm in college would have been superfluous because so much grooming had
happened in his childhood. n248 However, college helped him to obtain the
financial resources he would one day need to take over operation of the family
farm. n249 For many other future-farmers, college is a time to gain additional
agricultural education despite having been groomed by parents. n250

   Therefore, another common pattern is for farm children to receive college
degrees in agriculture in anticipation of taking over the family farm. n251 As
more rural children have begun attending colleges, the agricultural programs at
many schools have become more robust. However, it is not only farm children
seeking agricultural degrees. With the increasing interest in small agricultural
work, the educational climate has changed:



   In just the last few years, more beginning farmers with small plots of land
have stepped into the mix. Just a few years ago, the  [*382]  Milwaukee campus
began offering a beginning farming class in response to demand. That requires a
different kind of lesson plan than one for a commercial farmer with hundreds of
acres, or a family farmer who has been steeped in agricultural knowledge since
birth. n252

 Land-grant universities are not the only institutions providing agricultural
knowledge to those who have not been groomed to farm. A secondary preparatory
school in Connecticut has created a farming and gardening program as an
extra-curricular activity for their students - even though these students are
mainly from urban backgrounds and have no intention to make a living from
farming. n253 In Chicago, an agricultural program trains future-agriculturalists
through a nine-month program - including some men recently released from jail.
n254 The Chicago course "includes instruction in greenhouse and outdoor growing
methods and PowerPoint classroom presentations on farm management, marketing and
other business practices." n255 The intended outcome of such a program is for
participants to open urban farms. n256

   Making agricultural knowledge available to a greater array of people is an
admirable goal. But particularly the states' land-grant universities cannot
neglect the importance of furthering the education of "a family farmer who has
been steeped in agricultural knowledge since birth." n257 Not only are there
constant technological changes in which newer generations must be trained, but
also, as this Article demonstrates, many children on farms are not truly
"steeped in agricultural knowledge" n258 since birth. Rather, parents are making
decisions whereby some children are provided more support than others in the
gaining of agricultural knowledge. n259 Schools must be prepared to provide
education for farmers who want to make a career out of farming, rather than only
those who want a lifestyle farm.

   An additional aspect of higher education is that historically, and in the
present day, it is not infrequent for women who have attained educational
degrees to come back and teach at rural schools near the family farm and  [*383]
continue to help with farm labor. n260 A hundred and fifty years ago, school
teachers frequently were women from the community with an education of high
school or less. n261 As schools have become increasingly regulated, teachers
must obtain formal higher education in order to teach, which has also encouraged
children to leave for higher education. n262 This necessarily breaks up the
transmission of agricultural knowledge from parent to child. Because college is
impacting the operation of family farms and when intergenerational farm transfer
happens, it is important that educational institutions contribute to
agricultural knowledge for those who hope to take over the family farm.

   3. Earlier Inheritances

 It is worth noting a third change as discussed previously: the increasing
practice of spending inheritance during the life of the parent for college and
other expenditures. n263 Parents putting inheritance money into college
educations has become more common as longer average life-spans also mean that
more property transfers are happening during the testator's life as opposed to
after death. n264 Parents living longer means inheritance practices are
changing, and parents will stay involved with the farm later in  [*384]  life.
n265 "Fathers have been notoriously reluctant to relinquish control, not only
over capital, but also over management, to their sons." n266

   Although earlier payment for school may lead to a more equitable distribution
of liquid assets during the testator's life, it does not necessarily have an
impact on how land is transferred. n267 Even assuming much more wealth is
transferred during life, particularly for higher education costs, this does not
explain whether, when the land is eventually passed down in old age or at the
end of life, women are receiving ownership. n268 Therefore, this explanation of
changes in inheritance practices speaks only to the proportion of wealth at
stake in the end to be split between children. One might think that better
education of women could contribute to parental decisions to leave daughters
farms; however, as will soon be discussed, daughters are not groomed in a way to
take over the family farm. n269 Therefore, formal higher educational support
from parents may not be enough.

   B. Grooming: Family, Government, and Social Support

 An important step in the process of distributing family farms happens long
before actual transfer of title: that is, the grooming of a child or children to
take over the farm. n270 "The small-scale ranch or farm tends to be a family
enterprise in which from an early age sons become accustomed to working with
their fathers." n271 Female farmers often recount how their parents did not view
them as future farmers. One woman recounts:



   Nancy Wilson and her husband, Phil, own and operate the 9,000-acre working
cattle ranch and bed and breakfast at Fossil, Oregon ... Nancy and Phil live in
the area Phil's family homesteaded in the late 1800s... . Raised on a ranch in
Kimberly, Oregon, with four older sisters and one younger brother, Nancy and her
father would have never gotten off their horses if Nancy's mother hadn't
intervened and taught her the tasks of cooking,  [*385]  sewing, gardening,
taking care of people. "What came first was to be a rancher's wife," Nancy
remembers. n272

 Another female farmer describes her grooming as such: ""I'm a third-generation
agriculturalist,' Emma Jean says as she describes herself. "Actually, I came
from a mother and father that really didn't think that women belonged in the
agricultural industry.'" n273

   Grooming can happen in multiple ways, including through the work children do
and the type of formal education they gain. Parents tend to train children to
become farmers by incorporating them into farm work early in life. n274 For
instance, many parents report having children ride along on combines or other
equipment from the time they are toddlers in an attempt to make everything on
the farm familiar. n275 Parents view hands-on activity as the best teaching
tool: "When our kids - and also the neighbors' kids - were small, there wasn't a
better hands-on training opportunity for the young farmers than the constant
hauling of silage." n276

    [*386]  A twenty-three year old man and oldest child who grew up on a farm
outside of Yankton, South Dakota explains his grooming. He was a son who, from
an early age, knew he did not want to farm.



   Honestly, I think my parents knew that I probably wouldn't ever take over the
farm. Yes, I learned how to drive tractors, mow alfalfa, and fix fences, but I
never felt pressured into leading a life that I may not have wanted to live.
n277

 The twenty-three year old man from Utica, South Dakota says:



   My dad had my brother, sister, and I start helping out on the farm at about 9
or 10 years old. He basically had us do basic jobs like cleaning out the barn.
He started to teach us how to drive tractors and once we were confident enough
he let us drive on our own and help him in the fields. We also had cattle so we
learned to ride horses and how to work cattle. We spent most of our summers
helping dad and we helped after school too.



I think that dad allowing me to help out more and more as I got older and
eventually do the jobs on my own really was how he taught me how to run a farm.
n278

 Both of these men reported that their parents did not treat their sisters any
different than them or their brothers. n279 However, in both families it is a
son who is preparing to take over the family farm. n280

   For many families, sons and daughters receive different training. Now in her
seventies, a woman from Rolfe, Iowa, always wanted to farm, but was not groomed
to take over the family farm. n281 "As a kid she resented that her brother,
Charles, the only boy in the family, was trained to take over the family
business." n282 It was Charles who was "the one groomed to make decisions about
farming. He had more significant farm projects. I had chickens; he had cattle.
He had a 40-acre field project." n283 Finally, in her fifties, she decided to
try to assume control of the land she had inherited from a grandfather - land
that her brother had been managing for twenty  [*387]  years. n284 This woman
now manages her own farm - in fact she is leasing part of her land to a young
female farmer. n285

   This farmer, a woman in her thirties and a member of the new generation,
still reports that few of her female childhood friends were groomed to farm.
n286 She counts herself as lucky: her father "included her in all aspects of
farming." n287 Her contemporaries were not so lucky - she remembers telling
friends she helped plant and cultivate, while her friends reported that they
were not allowed to "go in field after crops were up." n288 In this young
farmer's mind, it was the grooming by her father that has allowed her to farm as
a profession. n289

   In addition to on-farm training, many prospective farmers also attend
universities for formal training in both running the business side of the farm
and the actual farming or ranching. n290 In contrast, there is also purported to
be a "farmer's daughter effect." n291 The farmer's daughter effect is where
farming parents encourage their daughters to become educated for professions
other than farming because they expect their male child to take over the farm.
n292 Whereas sons were traditionally better educated than daughters, with the
increasing numbers of women in college and professional school, it would not be
surprising to see the "farmer's daughter effect" operating today based on
general education trends whereby women are more likely to attain higher
education than men. n293 Ultimately, it is unclear how long the trend of more
farmers' daughters than farmers' sons becoming educated remains, as more farmers
achieve higher education now than in the past.

    [*388]  Women are subordinated both through not inheriting their family's
farmland and through the role they play with the management of the farm. "Farm
women have traditionally been responsible for mediating relationships among
fathers and sons in order to ensure the continuity of farming as a way of life
and the intergenerational transfer of family enterprises." n294 Not only do
farming women manage the social interactions of their families, but "mothers
have customarily socialized sons to accept prolonged subordination of paternal
authority, cajoled fathers to grant more autonomy to sons, and sometimes
relinquished their role as their husbands' farm partners to make a place for
their sons." n295

   Even at the end of the twentieth century, anthropological work about farm
communities in America continues to show these farming communities are mainly
patrilineal n296 and patrilocal n297 in nature. n298 An important part of this
continuing trend is research showing that women are neither viewed nor groomed
as successors to the family farm. n299 Even if women do ultimately inherit some
of or the entire family farm, they are still not considered to be the "farmer,"
as agriculture continues to be defined as the husband's occupation even if the
land is inherited through a wife. n300 Labeling only men as farmers may not be
an entirely false use of language in many circumstances, as many female farmers
do perform outside labor in order to subsidize the often-meager farm earnings.
n301 However, labeling only men as farmers is too categorically and
stereotypically based, as many women are farmers, either alone or in partnership
with their husbands. n302

    [*389]  In fact, the number of female farmers has been on the rise in the
United States. n303 According to the 2007 Census of Agriculture, there are
306,209 women principal farm operators; this represents a twenty-nine percent
increase from the 2002 Census of Agriculture. n304 Overall, the National
Agriculture Statistics Service, which runs the Census of Agriculture, estimates
that fourteen percent of all farms are owned and operated by women. n305 Women
own and operate fourteen percent of farms but do not earn fourteen percent of
all farm income. Whereas the 2007 report found the average male owned and
operated farm was 452 acres, with an average earning over one hundred fifty
thousand dollars, the average female owned and operated farm was only 210 acres
and earned just over thirty six thousand dollars annually. n306 While men tend
to own grain and oilseed farms and cattle ranches, women tend to own farms
categorized as "other livestock farms" or "all other crops," which would include
horse farms or farms used for hay. n307 The types of farms owned by women are
therefore often smaller and produce less profitable crops or livestock, meaning
that even as women do break into farm-work, their work is not valued as high as
the still-traditionally male role of a high-earning farmer. n308 This current
practice follows a historical trend where men's farm labor brought in higher
earnings than women's. n309 One advocate for female farmers described the
[*390]  trend as such: "I mean [women are] not getting into farming to run
quarter-million-dollar combines; they're out there raising food." n310

   Notably for the purposes of this Article, the states boasting the highest
percentage of women primary operators are in the Southwest and Northeast while
the lowest percentages of female farmers are in the Midwest, with South Dakota
as the state with the lowest percentage of female farmers. n311 These numbers
likely exist because there are more women principal operators running lifestyle
farms, which are concentrated in the Northeast. n312 Because most American
farmers who are making a primary living off of their farms live in the Midwest,
n313 it is notable that it is the same area where women have had the greatest
problem accessing farming and farmland. n314 The majority of the anthropological
and sociological research cited is studies of Midwestern states. n315 The
differing presence of primary female farmers may be further evidence of how the
Midwestern inheritance system is different than that in the Northeast or
Southwest. Unfortunately, it is beyond the scope of this Article to explore
regional differences in the gendered makeup of primary operators separate from
the differences in inheritance which may impact, or be impacted by, the higher
rate of women farmers outside of the Midwest. n316

   Women as a group are increasing as a percentage of farmers, but women still
continue to face particular struggles within the farming profession. Gender
discrimination in the farming business is not surprising because of the
long-time male dominance, but it does crop up in interesting  [*391]  ways. In
2000, Love v. Vilsack n317 was filed in the Federal District Court of the
District of Columbia by female farmers alleging discrimination in federal loan
practices. n318 The plaintiffs essentially argued that based on the
discriminatory practices of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA),
women were denied agricultural loans, provided with those loans late, or were
provided with less money than needed to adequately support a farming operation.
n319 The plaintiffs sought class action certification in the District Court.
n320 The District Court refused to certify the class, and the female farmers
were left with little chance of success in court. n321 In December 2012, the
District Court issued an order granting a motion to dismiss several claims for
lack of jurisdiction and denying a summary judgment motion filed by the
plaintiffs. n322 After that order, the parties jointly agreed that the
plaintiffs' attorneys would identify each named plaintiff who intended to
proceed with the litigation, as opposed to participating in the administrative
claims process provided by the government. n323 The remaining cases could then
be transferred venue and litigation would continue separately in each case. n324
Thus, the case was stayed and administratively closed in the District Court for
the District of Columbia as of December 18, 2012, but the litigation will
continue for individual farmers. n325

   While Love v. Vilsack continued to wind its way through the courts,
Representative Rosa DeLauro n326 introduced the Equality for Women  [*392]
Farmers Act in 2009. n327 The bill was drafted as a response to long-term
discrimination by the USDA against women through denying loans and loan
servicing - the same practices that inspired Love v. Vilsack. n328 The Act was a
direct response to the denial of class certification in Love v. Vilsack and
three other lawsuits filed by female farmers against the USDA. n329 The bill was
meant to provide protection for female farmers "who will seek to apply for loans
and loan management in the future" and sought to guarantee "their requests will
be considered equally with all others" as well as creating a compensation fund.
n330 DeLauro's public statement included an estimate that 43,000 female farmers
had been discriminated against during the USDA loan process and denied "more
than $ 4.6 billion in farm loans and loan servicing from USDA over the years."
n331 At the press conference announcing the bill, Rosemary Love, the named
plaintiff in Love v. Vilsack, spoke about why she continued to fight the
discrimination perpetrated by the USDA saying: "This bill is important for
future female farmers - for daughters and granddaughters who want to continue
farming." n332

   Female farmer advocates saw the bill as necessary after female farmers were
denied class certification and thus were contemplating having to bring suits
separately. n333 The bill ultimately stalled in the Subcommittee on
Conservation, Credit, Energy, and Research. n334 Neither judicial nor
legislative efforts have given women relief from discrimination perpetrated
[*393]  by the USDA in its granting and servicing of loans. However, the
legislation has led to public hearings and women telling their stories of
discrimination in farming. n335 The lawsuit has continued to progress, albeit
slowly, toward settlement, showing some hope that even without legislation,
female farmers will be able to recover for the past discrimination. n336

   One woman explained her perception of the cause of the discrimination: "I
think what sometimes happened is that women are thrust into [farming] through
divorce or death of a husband, and it takes them a while to get the knowledge.
They are taken advantage of because of their inexperience, more than the fact of
their gender." n337 Once again, women are facing not only a decreased chance of
inheriting farmland, but also, even if they do receive farmland, they may be
less equipped to run a successful farm either because of gender discrimination,
a lack of training, or both. n338 This woman falsely assumes that women will
only ever be farmers in a time of need because a man is absent; however, she
does correctly point out that women should also be groomed, because while
possibly not intending to take over farming, they may have to. n339

   The narratives that women provided during these congressional hearings show
that more structural protection is required for female farmers. Although
changing inheritance patterns will go a long way toward increasing women's
participation in the agricultural profession, government agencies and
communities of farmers must also be willing to accept female farmers. Italy
appears to have similar problems as the United States - women own less
economically productive farms and own smaller plots of  [*394]  land. n340
Despite these structural barriers, "women, who manage one-third of Italian
farms, have been particularly open to branching out the core business, what
operators call multifunctional agriculture." n341 In addition to strengthening
their economic position in the agricultural world by being more willing to
diversify, Italian women have used barriers to promote bonding. One woman said
in an interview: "We have great respect for each other's work, I think more than
men do ... . Women can work together, we have this in Sicily and it only gets
stronger as time goes on ... ." n342 And although discrimination exists, she
views it as a bonding agent for female farmers. n343 There is no reason to think
that women will not be as productive and successful in the field of agriculture
as men if they have familial, governmental, and social support.

   V. MOVING FORWARD

 In farming families, current practices tend to leave women landless, and
without the ability to follow in the family business. Women are excluded because
they do not inherit land, n344 they are not groomed to become farmers, n345 and
they are largely unsupported by the government in their quest to farm. n346 Land
is expensive and is at a premium, creating additional structural barriers for
prospective female farmers. n347 Thus it is important not only that daughters
are groomed to take over the land when they are the best family option, but also
that testators and families gain support in writing their end-of-life documents
and disposing of their farm.  [*395]  "Ideally, family farmers would plan the
farm transfer a generation ahead, beginning when their family is young and
making decisions for the future of the farm as they're bringing up their
children." n348 Grooming is important, but so are the legal and economic plans
laid down by parents, "it takes a lot more than simply picking a kid to get the
farm and handing it over" to successfully transfer a farm to the next
generation. n349

   Land distribution of family farms is in many aspects private; however, the
state does take a part in land distribution through inheritance and divorce
laws. n350 In addition to laws, economics will often factor into how land is
distributed. n351 For example, if a single child takes over the family farm but
other siblings received a share of the farm, there may be problems because
farming is a financially difficult profession and oftentimes the non-farming
siblings can harm the family farm by exerting economic control over the land
that they are not physically working. n352 There is also a fear that the new
generation will "squander the wealth" of the family business, thus creating a
need for parents to supervise the transition period. n353 The dominant problem
with leaving only one child the farm is that that child is almost always a son.
n354 In addition, divorce often leaves women without an ownership interest in
her husband's family's land. n355 Fortunately, the harm to women created by
these practices can be mitigated.

   In order for the inequities in farm ownership and control to decrease, a
multi-prong approach is needed. In proposing solutions, I examine three
particular ways to increase women's farm ownership through inheritance. First, I
explore the role that the estate lawyer might have in the process, concluding
that although estate lawyers should not push testators toward giving daughters
land, they should make relevant information available to their clients. This
information can include the basics of testamentary options as well as tax
implications and the best models of inheritance for particular types of
families. Second, I propose that services for children teach girls how to farm
because many of these girls are not being groomed by their own parents to take
over the farm. Girls can benefit from programs  [*396]  in all types of
services, including the publicly run 4-H program n356 and the private
organization Future Farmers of America. n357 Women also need continuing support
and knowledge in order to be the most successful farmers possible. Finally,
there should be training for parents through extension services, legal
providers, and community initiatives that teaches them how daughters can be
successful farming heirs and also teaches them how to groom a daughter to take
over the farm.

   A. The Lawyer's Role

 This is not a change that can be effected overnight. A primary hurdle is that
estate lawyers may be unaware of any negative impact on women caused by
contemporary inheritance practices. As such, this is an area of law where state
bars should do studies within their own borders and develop continuing legal
education courses that educate estate lawyers on the problem. Simple knowledge
by lawyers of what their clients in the aggregate are doing would be a first
step in bringing the legal community into the process. If lawyers are more
informed, then they can better help their clients create just and equitable
distribution plans.

   Testamentary freedom is highly valued in this country n358 and should
continue to be respected. Respect is particularly important because it would be
a negative outcome if rural testators were put under pressure to conform to
certain practices while urban testators were left alone to devise property as
they wished. Therefore, lawyers should not push clients toward giving daughters
land. While other nations impose specific statutory restrictions on the
inheritance of farmland, the United States should not. n359 The point is not to
make rural testators act like urban testators, but rather to ensure that women
are given an equal chance of farm ownership. While "it makes  [*397]  sense to
believe that the inheritance law of a people will shape their attitudes," in the
United States, policy makers should shift the attitudes of testators in ways
other than a change to the law. n360

   There is ample space under the model rules of professional ethics for lawyers
to provide advice on "moral, economic, social and political factors, that may be
relevant to the client's situation." n361 The applicable rule acknowledges that
"purely technical legal advice, therefore, can sometimes be inadequate." n362
This rule should not be used liberally in testamentary choices. Not only do
testators generally have substantial freedoms, but as grooming is so important
to farm inheritance, most parents will have already groomed a son to take over
the farm before writing the will that legally gives him the opportunity to
inherit the land he has been prepped to farm.

   What lawyers should do, with support from continuing legal education programs
and state bars, is provide literature and knowledge to testators. If lawyers
were able to provide state-produced pamphlets to testators describing the
problems of excluding daughters from land, while also providing concrete
examples of successful female farmers and perhaps avenues of support available
to female farmers, testators may begin to incorporate thoughts of providing
their daughters with farming opportunities.

   Lawyer withdrawal is technically an option in most of the cases where women
are being excluded from farmland, but should not generally be used. Optional
withdrawal is available to lawyers anytime that their client would not be
materially harmed by the withdrawal and is available even if the client would be
materially harmed as long as the lawyer has a fundamental disagreement with the
client's course of action. n363 Certainly some testators will provide ample
basis for a lawyer to withdraw for good reason; however, making a practice of
withdrawing whenever a testator excludes daughters from land ownership is not
productive. The purpose of providing access to farmland for women is not to
exclude all men from farming, but rather, to give men and women the opportunity
to farm based on merit, not based on gender. Reaching this goal will be a
long-term effort based more  [*398]  on advocacy rather than on individual
lawyers withdrawing from average cases. Thus, lawyers should remain involved
with clients - even if those clients appear to be unfairly favoring a son over a
daughter in the land distribution process.

   Lawyers may also have a role to play in the marriages and divorces of
farmers. As explored earlier, farming communities are still patrilocal and women
often end up living on the family land of their husband and therefore may not be
able to receive that land at divorce. n364 Perhaps lawyers should educate women
on this problem and encourage prenuptial agreements that allow women to either
receive part of the farm or gain remedial compensation enough for the start-up
costs of their own farm. Because prenuptial agreements are absent in so many
marriages, divorce lawyers must also be willing to fight for enough compensation
to allow women to continue on in the profession of farming if that is the
desire. Also important may be encouraging women to gain skills that will easily
transfer to paid labor if they are forced to leave the family farm; however, it
is problematic to tell women, but not men, that they must have a second-career
waiting in case land is lost to divorce. Although this would help individual
women, it may perhaps create an additional level of protection for men who
expect to always retain their marital farm. The handling of farm divorces is
another place where continuing legal education would be helpful for lawyers and
their clients. n365

   B. Education of Girls and Women

 Although intestacy statutes exist and sometimes aid in the passage of land, it
is grooming practices and social expectations - rather than intestacy and
probate rules - that determine who owns and operates land. n366 With respect to
family farms in particular, intestacy is less of a presumed intent doctrine and
more a normative statement of how parents should be distributing property. n367
In opposition, for much of urban and suburban America, intestacy operates as a
presumed intent doctrine. Even as merely a normative statement, the intestacy
laws provide benefits by conferring land to women whose parents die without a
will, thus leaving the land  [*399]  distribution process to occur through a
state's intestacy scheme. n368 Despite some current inheritance by women and the
normative statement of the intestacy laws, improvement in women's land ownership
will depend on social, rather than merely legal, changes. Thus I propose small,
albeit meaningful, policy changes that can help to foster farming for girls and
women.

   Each state has at least one land-grant university that is tasked, in part,
with providing support and continuing education to farmers. n369 Each state has
a cooperative extension office run out of the land-grant university that
administers various programs, including 4-H and continuing education classes for
adults. n370 They have historically been very gendered in their programming
offered. n371 It is primarily through the extension offices that state and local
governments can make a positive impact for female farmers.

   My mother has always attended extension classes, run by the county extension
office, on how to can and preserve foods. She has also been a member of a
"homemakers" group, an off-shoot of a state extension group that trains women in
household tasks. n372 "Homemakers receive monthly educational lessons in all
areas of family and consumer sciences." n373 Notably, state-supported services
for the continued training of women operate to teach household tasks rather than
farming-related tasks. n374 Extension services have been and are an important
part of rural women's social life and personal development; "years ago, it was a
day off the farm for many women and they had a chance to learn those things
their grandmothers never taught them" n375 and a chance to network with other
[*400]  women. n376 The importance of preserving food and growing family gardens
cannot be disputed; however, homemaker groups, as the extension groups dedicated
to women, need to focus on farming and ranching as well as the tasks
historically assigned to "farm wives."

   Even more important will be reaching out to young girls and grooming them for
farming from an early age. The 4-H organization has a positive impact on many
rural children. n377 As the youth portion of the cooperative extension system,
n378 4-H provides children with access to knowledge and training on a variety of
topics, including farm animals and crops. n379 Although it has received
criticism for its highly gendered programs, 4-H can still be a productive part
of training girls to become farmers. n380 By expanding their programs and
becoming more gender-neutral, 4-H can move their programs forward, training both
young girls and boys to become agriculturalists with the resources to take over
a family farm successfully. n381 Recently, girls have participated in 4-H at
higher rates than boys. n382 Parents are more likely to encourage daughters to
participate in 4-H. n383 However, a notable decline in 4-H membership happens
during adolescence, a time  [*401]  when it is perhaps most important for future
farmers to be receiving fundamental training. n384

   Another youth program able to train young girls to become farmers is National
FFA Organization (FFA), what was formally titled Future Farmers of America. FFA
is not associated with the government or the cooperative extension services, but
does serve to educate and encourage high school students to succeed in
agricultural professions. n385 Only forty-three percent of FFA's national
membership is currently female, but those girls hold over fifty percent of all
state leadership positions. n386 Therefore, FFA appears poised to continue
recruiting and promoting girls in the organization and helping them achieve a
working knowledge of how to take over their families' farms. However, girls'
leadership in FFA has not translated into women's leadership on farms. It is
unclear what creates this disparity, but FFA should focus on ensuring that girls
see themselves as future farmers, rather than just the spouse of a future
farmer.

   The FFA should make the encouragement of female farmers a priority in the
organization. The organization can connect with other farmer organizations or
local groups and encourage those groups to mentor successful young women
interested in farming. The FFA might also create bridges between their young
female leaders and farmers who do not have a child to take over their farm. n387
At the bare minimum, the FFA should be clear in always portraying an image of
successful farmers as both male farmers and female farmers.

   FFA and 4-H can be particularly important for girls who are not groomed to
farm because the programs can compensate for a lack of on-farm experience. n388
College students who have participated in one of the  [*402]  youth
organizations have a higher cumulative grade point average at the end of their
first year than students who have not participated in either program. n389 Prior
participants in 4-H and FFA were substantially more likely to return for their
second year of college. n390 Involvement in youth organizations also has a
positive impact on students' perception of their knowledge. n391 This can be
particularly important for girls who are not as comfortable in agriculture
because of a lack of parental training and support. n392 While youth
organizations can provide a basis of agricultural knowledge, students with no
farming experience can be just as successful academically in agricultural degree
programs as long as a course is designed to teach to students with no prior
knowledge. n393

   Local schools - beginning with elementary and continuing through high school
- can also be supportive of agricultural education. Schools can be supportive of
agriculture by adding it to the standard curriculum as well as supporting the
extra-curricular activities of its students through groups such as FFA and 4-H.
Similar to the model of the Connecticut Preparatory School, n394 public schools
in small towns and farming communities can formally educate their students
through hands-on agricultural activities. n395 Relationships between farmers and
classrooms can also be used to make students more aware of how farms operate.
For example, a fifth grade classroom "adopting" a farmer for a year who sends
the classroom video updates of the farm operation and visits the class. n396
Although these programs may be most beneficial to students not steeped in
agricultural knowledge through grooming, they will be useful to students who
both stand to inherit land and those who do not, yet may develop an interest in
agriculture.

    [*403]  Connecticut is an example as it provides substantial state-sponsored
agricultural training through its vocational agricultural high schools. n397 The
state began these high school programs during the 1920s and they continue on
today, although funding is currently an issue. n398 For a state with as large a
population and as small an area as Connecticut, it is functional and beneficial
to transport future farmers to specific agricultural high schools. n399 At the
high school level, agricultural-specific vocational school is simply less of an
option in states with smaller populations and much further distances between
existing towns and high schools.

   Land-grant universities also have a role to play as they are largely
responsible for the formal education of agriculture-bound students. n400
Agriculture is not the only field where men still predominate; agriculture
departments can look to strategies used by engineering departments, among
others, in order to recruit more women into their programs. A useful model at
the collegiate level is Women in Science and Engineering (WISE). WISE exists at
engineering schools across the country with local chapters operating to best
support women at individual institutions. At the University of California,
Berkeley, WISE has taken the form of a residential program - women science and
engineering students have the opportunity to live together and take a seminar
tailored to their needs. n401

   At the University of Kentucky, a program entitled Women in Engineering (WIE)
"serves as a central clearinghouse for women seeking information on course
scheduling, scholarships for women, financial aid, tutoring, graduate education,
job search strategies, and other services on campus." n402 Because schools have
created WISE programs best suited to fit their needs, the programs differ across
the country. Instituted in the 1990s, the WISE programs have now been providing
support to several decades of women. A similar model should be implemented in
agriculture schools to provide academic and social support to women interested
in entering the field of agriculture. Such a program might connect aspiring
female farmers  [*404]  with established female farmers in a mentorship program
or provide a series of talks on issues faced by female farmers.

   Schools should also actively encourage women to manage and farm their own
land. Although partnership is valued by many people - it provides companionship
and a way to share labor - it is dangerous to imbue women with the sense that
they must marry a farmer's son in order to access family farmland, or indeed to
farm at all. Even if women do not inherit land, they should be able to access
the resources necessary to begin their own agricultural careers. College is
becoming more common for children from rural families, n403 and as the numbers
of farmers with college educations continue to increase, so will the importance
of agricultural departments in the training of future farmers.

   The services provided by the extension service are vital for many rural
people and provide a way to remain educated and productive; however, these
services are now facing financial cuts. n404 The current economic crisis is
impacting many areas of government services, including the extension offices in
rural areas. n405 It is important that the extension services continue as they
provide support and education for rural farmers. One impact of the financial
cuts is that states are consolidating services to a few areas rather than
keeping smaller offices open in very rural areas. n406 This will increase travel
requirements for both the staff and the consumers of services, negatively
impacting how many people can be reached and how effectively. Continued funding
is therefore critical to keep farmers educated on the newest technologies and
strategies. Despite this need, there are expected federal government cuts to the
extension service, which will remove even more resources from the country's
rural agriculturalists.

   With impending budget cuts, and likely no way to reverse that course of
action, it is important that private organizations provide training for girls
and women. FFA has a role to play, particularly with their support of girls.
Private support groups for female farmers are also important. "American
Agri-Women is the national coalition of farm, ranch, and agri-business women's
organizations." n407 Formed in 1974, this organization continues to  [*405]
expand and provide additional resources for agricultural women around the
country. n408 The National Farmers Union is a longstanding private organization
that works for economic well-being and quality of life improvement for family
farmers. n409 In the summer of 2012, the National Farmers Union held a
conference aimed toward rural and farm women that provided instruction in farm
financing, estate planning, and leadership skills. n410 In using private
organizations to supplement services provided by the Extension Service,
necessary additional support can, and should, be provided to female farmers.

   C. Education of Testators

 While education and grooming can be supplemented with state sponsored programs,
such as extension services, and private organizations, such as FFA, the most
important decisions of land distribution will still be made at the familial
level. For the most part, it is parents who will control how and when their
children learn to farm, and whether those children will ultimately have access
to land in order to begin a career in farming. Therefore, it is also important
for services to reach out directly to parents who will ultimately make those
decisions for their child.

   Extension services are influential in rural life and should be used by the
government to educate parents about the potential of their daughters to become
farmers, and the importance of grooming them as well as sons. A strategic parent
will train multiple children and leave the farm in the hands of the most capable
child, even if that child is a daughter. The cooperative extension services of
each state could provide trainings and publications on how and why women can
become successful farmers. Instituting small policy changes could make a
difference. Extension service offices already offer estate planning services to
farmers. n411 These programs should be  [*406]  expanded and made available
online as well as in person, in order to accommodate the most rural farmers in a
given state.

   After reading many extension documents providing estate planning guidance
during the writing of this Article, I was not able to find a single publication
discussing gender issues in the transmittance of the farm. Extension
publications are gender neutral, n412 but must go further. It is not enough to
discuss - in the abstract - that daughters could be farmers. Rather, extension
services and other state agents must actively educate farming parents and
promote future female farmers.

   States, through land-grant universities, extension offices, or state
government, could publish stories of successful female farmers in local
newspapers. n413 States could also create awards, for example: Best Female
Farmer of the Year, to incentivize women to be principal farmers and also show
parents that other women have been successful, potentially indicating that their
daughter could be successful too. New York City already honors female farmers at
an annual banquet. n414 Although a seemingly small step, creation and
publication of such prizes could be a large step for the recognition of female
farmers. South Dakota State University awards the Eminent Farmer/Rancher and
Homemaker Award annually. n415 This award has been in existence since 1927 in
order to "recognize citizens for a lifetime of leadership and service" in rural
communities. n416 The awards for Farmer/Rancher go to men; the awards for
Homemaker to women. n417 Although honoring members of the community is
beneficial, it is not good to do so in a way that labels women's work as only
homemaker and men's  [*407]  work as only farmer/rancher. Perhaps South Dakota
State University could use the existing award to honor female farmers as
farmers.

   Through their cooperative extension services, some states have already
introduced programs to educate farmers on how best to distribute property at
their deaths. n418 However, this literature has been focused mainly on the
economic risks of splitting up the farm and has not discussed the gender
implications of those decisions. n419 These programs should be extended to
provide two distinct services to parents. First, parents should be educated that
women can, and do, take over and successfully run family farms. As part of this,
parents should learn that grooming daughters is a beneficial practice as their
daughter may be the most competent heir. n420 Second, as parents are nearing the
time in their lives that they are determining to which child the farm will go,
they should be educated on the impact that giving (or not giving) land to a
child can have and be educated on the gender implications that their decision
may have on a daughter if she is left without access to land.

   VI. CONCLUSION

 Although for Willa Cather, women's land ownership may bring personal hardship
and prevent women from living the ideal feminine life, n421 increasing women's
access to and ownership of land is an important goal. It is antiquated and
discriminatory to continue to believe that women are better off ceding control
to the men in their lives - be it a brother or a husband - rather than having
ownership and control of their own businesses and property. Despite common
narratives of how women in the United States have gained equality and have equal
access to land ownership and professions of their choice, this Article
illustrates how this equality is not true for family farms and ranches.

   Women cannot freely choose this profession, because they are not being
properly groomed to take over the family farm and oftentimes do not share in the
inheritance of the land. Even when women share in the inheritance of the farm,
they are being excluded from the profession of "farmer" as they are neither
trained to farm nor given control over family  [*408]  land as brothers or
husbands are considered the "farmer" and exercise control. This is particularly
troubling as "by far the most common problem is that there is no leader
selected. Either the parents fail to designate a leader among the second
generation, or they choose someone who doesn't have the skills needed to do the
position proficiently." n422 Certainly doubling the class of potential leaders
in the new generation of farmers could help to alleviate any lack of children
willing and able to farm the family land. "Gender relations, then, are central
... to the future of family farms in rural America." n423

   Although this Article is a vital beginning to a discussion of the exclusion
of rural women from the profession of farming and an equal chance at
inheritance, more work must be done. Because no empirical work has been done on
the attitudes that impede parents from choosing to groom daughters to farm or
eventually passing on land, it is hard to truly understand the mindset of
farming parents. Once empirical work is done, the conclusions of this Article
will be stronger. Until then, this Article serves to demonstrate how rural women
are losing opportunities.

   This Article has exposed the ways that women are being left out of rural
inheritance. This is problematic not only because women are monetarily
disadvantaged by their gender, but also because "the right of women to hold,
control, inherit, and alienate property are seen as essential to determining
women's status." n424 If rural women are not inheriting or controlling land,
their status may be lower than women in urban areas: this is something that
should be known and contemplated both by parents giving away their land and the
society that creates a system that perpetrates the current inequities.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Constitutional LawEqual ProtectionGender & SexLabor & Employment
LawDiscriminationGender & Sex DiscriminationCoverage & DefinitionsPersonal
AppearanceReal Property LawHomestead Exemptions

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Willa Cather, O Pioneers! 22-23 (Houghton Mifflin Co. 1941) (1913)
[hereinafter Cather, Pioneers].





n2.  The United States census defines the American Midwest as twelve states:
North Dakota, South Dakota, Nebraska, Kansas, Minnesota, Iowa, Missouri,
Wisconsin, Michigan, Illinois, Indiana, and Ohio. See U.S. Census Bureau, Census
Regions and Divisions of the United States,
http://www.census.gov/geo/www/us_regdiv.pdf [hereinafter U.S. Census Bureau,
Regions & Divisions]. However, this Article also incorporates evidence from some
closely related Western states, Montana and Wyoming, and will in large part
treat them as part of the Midwest. See id.





n3.  Willa Cather wrote a trilogy of prairie books, which included The Song of
the Lark. Although a story about a young woman from the prairie, The Song of the
Lark differs substantially from the other two novels. The novel follows Thea, a
Colorado native, as she matures and moves from the family's small town home to
Chicago. Thea never lived on a farm and moved away from her town at a young age.
See generally Willa Cather, The Song of the Lark (1915) [hereinafter Cather,
Lark].





n4.  See generally Cather, Pioneers, supra note 1; Willa Cather, My Antonia
(Franklin Mint Corp. 1978) (1918) [hereinafter Cather, Antonia].





n5.  See Cather, Pioneers, supra note 1, at 26-27; Cather, Antonia , supra note
4, at 254-59 (describing Antonia's new life on her husband's farm).





n6.  He told his sons, "I want you to keep the land together and be guided by
your sister... . When you marry, and want a house of your own, the land will be
divided fairly." Cather, Pioneers, supra note 1, at 26.





n7.  Id. at 83.





n8.  Id. at 169.





n9.  Her youngest brother (and closest sibling) was shot by the husband of an
illicit lover. Id. at 258-36.





n10.  Id. at 171-76, 181-83, 258-63, 307-08.





n11.  Cather, Antonia, supra note 4, at 72-73, 254-59.





n12.  Id. at 93-96.





n13.  Id. at 115-17, 234.





n14.  See id.





n15.   Antonia has twelve children by the end of the book. While this is a large
number of children, Antonia is happy with her family and the number of children
she has borne. Id. at 251-59.





n16.  Id. at 72-73, 112; Cather, Pioneers, supra note 1, at 65-77, 83.





n17.  The United States census requires that an urban area have a core census
block of at least one thousand people per square mile plus surrounding census
blocks with a population of at least five hundred per square mile. All other
areas are considered rural. Census 2000 Urban and Rural Classification, U.S.
Census Bureau, http://www.census.gov/geo/www/ua/ua_2k.html (last updated July
13, 2011).





n18.  Paradigmatic writings include Patricia Hill Collins, Black Feminist
Thought: Knowledge, Consciousness, and the Politics of Empowerment, in
Perspectives on Gender (2d ed. 1999) and Kimberle Crenshaw, Demarginalizing the
Intersection of Race and Sex: A Black Feminist Critique of Antidiscrmination
Doctrine, Feminist Theory and Antiracist Politics, 1989 U. Chi. Legal F. 139
(1989). Feminist publications, including legal journals, have shifted their
priorities and now focus on intersection work. See, e.g., Our Mandate, Berkeley
J. Gender L. & Just., http://genderlawjustice.berkeley.edu/about/mandate/ (last
visited June 27, 2012) ("Our mandate is to publish feminist legal scholarship
that critically examines the intersection of gender with one or more other axes
of subordination, including, but not limited to, race, class, sexual
orientation, and disability.").





n19.  The main exception to this rule is the work of Lisa R. Pruitt of the
University of California, Davis, School of Law. Her recent works include Marta
R. Venegas & Lisa R. Pruitt, CEDAW and Rural Development: Empowering Women with
Law from the Top Down, Activism from the Bottom Up, 41 Balt. L. Rev. 263 (2012)
and Janet L. Wallace & Lisa R. Pruitt, Judging Parents, Judging Place: Poverty,
Rurality and Termination of Parental Rights, 77 Mo. L. Rev. 95 (2012).





n20.  See generally Lisa R. Pruitt, Gender, Geography & Rural Justice, 23
Berkeley J. Gender L. & Just. 338 (2008) [hereinafter Pruitt, Gender, Geography
& Rural Justice]; Debra Lynn Bassett, Ruralism, 88 Iowa L. Rev. 273 (2003).





n21.  William A. Douglass, Sheep Ranchers and Sugar Growers: Property
Transmission in the Basque Immigrant Family of the American West and Australia,
in Households: Comparative and Historical Studies of Domestic Groups 109, 121
(Robert McC. Netting et al. eds., 1984). This source is specific to Basque
emigrants; however, Part II.C. will demonstrate that the statement is a broad
generalization in the American Midwest.





n22.  Access to property has long been an important right in the United States.
This includes a constitutional limitation on deprivation of any person's "life,
liberty, or property, without due process of law." U.S. Const. amend. XIV, § 1.
Certainly property ownership is not guaranteed by the United States Constitution
or other founding documents. The United States Declaration of Independence
guaranteed "Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness." The Declaration of
Independence para. 2 (U.S. 1776). Although John Locke was a substantial
influence on the drafters of the Declaration of Independence, Thomas Jefferson,
in writing the Declaration, replaced Locke's right to "property" with a right to
"the pursuit of Happiness." John Locke, Second Treatise on Civil Government ch.
V (C.B. McPherson ed., Hackett Publ'g Co. 1980) (1689); The Declaration of
Independence 14-15 (T.W. Gough ed., Basil Blackwell Oxford 1948) (1776); Ray
Forrest Harvey & Jean Jacques Burlamaqui: A Liberal Tradition in American
Constitutionalism 120 (1937). For a related discussion on the importance of a
right to personal property, see generally Margaret Jane Radin, Property and
Personhood, 34 Stan. L. Rev. 957 (1982).





n23.  James Muhn, Women and the Homestead Act: Land Department Administration of
a Legal Imbroglio, 7 W. Legal Hist. 284 (1994) (explaining that women were
allowed to settle the American West as solo women homesteaders, but could not
file on homesteads if married).





n24.  Elaine F. Weiss, Before Rosie the Riveter, Farmerettes Went to Work,
Smithsonian (May 29, 2009),
http://www.smithsonianmag.com/history-archaeology/Before-Rosie-the-Riveter-Farme
rettes-Went-to-Work.html.





n25.  The Census of Agriculture is conducted every five years and is the main
census measuring farms and their output. The 2012 census will be conducted
between December 2012 and February 2013. About the Census, U.S. Dep't of Agric.,
http://www.agcensus.usda.gov/ About_the_Census/index.php (last updated April 10,
2012) [hereinafter U.S. Dep't of Agric., About the Census].





n26.  Census of Agriculture, Shows Growing Diversity in U.S. Farming, U.S. Dep't
of Agric. (Feb. 24, 2009),
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?contentidonly=true &contentid=
2009/02/0036.xml [hereinafter U.S. Dep't of Agric., Showing Growing Diversity].





n27.  Id.





n28.  U.S. Dep't of Agric., 2007 Census of Agriculture Farm Numbers,
http://www.agcensus.usda.gov/Publications/2007/Online_Hi
ghlights/Fact_Sheets/Farm_Numbers/farm_num bers.pdf (last visited Jan. 16, 2012)
[hereinafter U.S. Dep't of Agric., 2007 Census of Agric.].





n29.  U.S. Dep't of Agric., Showing Growing Diversity, supra note 26.





n30.  Id.





n31.  The Census of Agriculture provides a definition: "Residential/lifestyle
farms are those that produced less than $ 250,000 in sales of agricultural
products and where the principal operators reported something other than farming
as their primary occupation." U.S. Dep't of Agric., 2007 Census of Agric., supra
note 28.





n32.  Id. ("Operators of new farms were more likely to be engaged in occupations
other than farming and to derive income from non-farm sources. The percentage of
principal operators who reported farming as their primary occupation was 33
percent for these new farm operators. The average for all principal farm
operators was 45 percent.").





n33.  For more information on and the history of corporate farms in the United
States, see generally Philip M. Raup, Corporate Farming in the United States, 33
J. Econ. Hist. 274 (1973) and Melanie J. Wender, Goodbye Family Farms and Hello
Agribusiness: The Story of How Agricultural Policy is Destroying the Family Farm
and the Environment, 22 Vill. Envtl. L.J. 141 (2011).





n34.  The United States Census definition of the Mountain West includes seven
states. This Article looks at evidence from the northern-most states, including
Montana, Idaho, and Wyoming. See U.S. Census Bureau, Regions and Divisions,
supra note 4.





n35.  This exclusion is certainly not because of a lack of discrimination
against African American farmers. For a comprehensive discussion of the
discrimination in agriculture generally, see generally Kristol Bradley Ginapp,
Note, Jim "USDA" Crow: Symptomatic Discrimination in Agriculture, 8 Drake J.
Agric. L. 237 (2003).





n36.  Jess Gilbert et al., The Decline (and Revival?) of Black Farmers and Rural
Landowners: A Review of the Research Literature 44 (Land Tenure Ctr., Working
Paper No. 44, 2001).





n37.  S.D.'s Farm Families Offer Grocery Gift Card, Yankton Press & Dakotan
(Aug. 29, 2012), http://www.yankton.net/Articles/2012/08/29/community/doc503edc1
ce18d8062166741. prt.





n38.  See Michael D. Schulman et al., Problems of Landownership and Inheritance
Among Black Smallholders, 2 Agric. & Hum. Values 40, 40-41 (1985).





n39.  While little is available on African American inheritance practices on
farms, for more general information see Gilbert et al., supra note 36, at 2,
which provides a survey of broader historical research on black farmers. African
Americans still struggle for equality in farming; recently a federal judge
approved a settlement between African American farms and the United States
Agricultural Department for a suit based on race discrimination claims. Judge
Signs Off on Settlement for Black Farmers, N.Y. Times (Oct. 28, 2011),
http://www.nytimes.com/2011
/10/29/us/politics/judge-signs-off-on-settlement-for-black-farmers.html.





n40.  See generally Paul Guitierrez & Jerry Eckert, Contrasts and Commonalities:
Hispanic and Anglo Farming in Conejos County, Colorado, 56 Rural Soc. 274
(1991).





n41.  I use the phrase "corporate farm" in the colloquial sense of large farms
that are owned by corporations or individuals who do not work the land as the
small family farmer does. Of course many small family farms are formed as
corporations, for various reasons, including tax benefits. See J. Grant Farms,
Inc. v. C.I.R., 49 T.C.M. 1197, 1200 (1985). For the number of farms divided by
amount of sales, see U.S. Dep't of Agric., 2007 Census of Agric., supra note 28.





n42. "" Heirs' ... means persons, including the surviving spouse and the state,
who are entitled under the statutes of intestate succession to the property of a
decedent." N.D. Cent. Code § 30.1-01-06 (2001).





n43.  I have no reason to believe that inheritance works any differently in the
types of agricultural production not covered in this Article. However, I cannot
say with any degree of certainty that inheritance patterns are the same. Similar
limits on studying rural America have been used before, for example, see Nancy
Grey Osterud, Gender and the Transition to Capitalism in Rural America, 67
Agric. Hist. 14, 18-19 (1993) ("[The Article] does not include Native Americans'
diverse farming systems, the biracial South, or the multicultural Hispanic
Southwest, which all require distinct analysis").





n44.  It is important that I work with the part of the country where
anthropological and sociological studies have been done. These studies, as
further examined in Part III, provide substantial background information about
how farming parents actually transmit their land. These studies thus provide an
empirical background that allows the Article to rely on some data rather than
merely narratives and instincts.





n45.  See Sonya Salamon et al., Family Factors Affecting the Intergenerational
Succession to Farming, 45 Hum. Org. 24, 31 (1986) (discussing farmers of Swedish
and Yankee origin).





n46.  Sonya Salamon & Karen Davis-Brown, Farm Continuity and Female Land
Inheritance: A Family Dilemma, in Women and Farming: Changing Roles, Changing
Structures 195, 195 (Wava G. Haney & Jane B. Knowles eds., 1988).





n47.  See infra Part IV.A.





n48.  Machinery and equipment values continue to rise. They were expected to
grow 4.3% from 2011 to 2012. Farm Income and Costs: Assets, Debt, and Wealth,
U.S. Dep't of Agric. (Feb. 13, 2012),
http://www.ers.usda.gov/briefing/farmincome/wealth.htm [hereinafter U.S. Dep't
of Agric., Farm Income and Costs]; William Edwards, Iowa State Univ. Extension,
Estimating Farm Machinery Costs,
http://www.extension.iastate.edu/Publications/PM7 10.pdf (last visited Jan. 16,
2013).





n49.  Farm real estate is defined as the combination of land and structures.
Cynthia Nickerson et al., U.S. Dep't of Agric., EIB-92, Trends in U.S. Farmland
Values and Ownership, at iii (2012).





n50.  Id.





n51.  Id.





n52.  Carole Shammas et al., Inheritance in America: From Colonial Times to the
Present 290 (1987).





n53.  Walter Goldschmidt & Evalyn Jacobson Kunkel, The Structure of the Peasant
Family, 73 Am. Anthropologist 1058, 1069 (1971). Certainly, American farmers do
not consider themselves as peasants; however, their lives do not map the same as
the classic suburban middle-class of America.





n54.  For example, the Ohio State University Extension recommends liquidating
land as an option for families where a farmer "may have arrived at a generation
where no one in the family wants to or can farm." Jerry Mahan, Ohio State Univ.
Extension, What Should I Do with the Farm? 1 (2009),
http://ohioline.osu.edu/ae-fact/pdf/AEDE_13_09.pdf.





n55.  See Ralph J. Brown, Loss of Earning Capacity in the Case of a Farmer, 1
Litig. Econ. Digest 1, 1, 4 (1995) (discussing the difficulty of determining
earning capacity for farmers because earning capacity is dependent on "the
market value of the farmer's labor and management services" and the changes to
an enterprise at death of a farmer as "changes in farm output and input prices,
changes in the weather, changes in the government farm program, changes in farm
taxes (property taxes), interest rates, changes in the rate of obsolescence due
to technological change and a whole range of other variables will directly
affect the returns to labor and management").





n56.  Stories abound where it is sons who take over the family farm. For
example, in the chronicling of a "century farm" (a farm within one family for a
hundred years), the story was conveyed as the patriarch's father originally
homesteading the land in 1911 and now it is his grandson who operates the farm.
The farm has now been in the family's ownership for a hundred years, passing
through generations of men. Applicants Sought for Century Farm Program, Yankton
Press & Dakotan (May 31, 2012, 9:13 PM), http://yankton.net/Articles/2012/05/31
/river_city/doc4fc8252430c78247187671.txt.





n57.  Buis T. Inman, Farm Inheritance Practices in Austria, 23 J. Land & Public
Util. Econ. 288, 288-89 (1947).





n58.  Id.





n59.  See generally Richard R. Wilk & Robert McC. Netting, Households: Changing
Forms and Functions, in Households: Comparative and Historical Studies of
Domestic Groups 1, 11-12 (Robert McC. Netting et al. eds., 1984).





n60.  Mahan, supra note 54, at 4.





n61.  Id. Currently in the United States thirty percent of farmland is owned by
non-operators. It is unknown how many of the non-operating owners are family
members of operators and how many are investors. It is notable that as of
February of 2009, less than two percent of United States farmland was owned by
foreigners. Nickerson et al., supra note 49, at 32.





n62.  Ramona Marotz-Baden & Claudia Mattheis, Daughters-in-Law and Stress in
Two-Generation Farm Families, 43 Family Rel. 132 (1994).





n63.  Mahan, supra note 54, at 4.





n64.  Theodore A. Feitshans & Guido van der Hoeven, N.C. Cooperative Extension
Serv., Federal and State Gift and Estate Taxes, Estate Planning in North
Carolina, http://www.ag-econ.ncsu.edu/faculty/feitshans/AG-688-03April28.pdf
(last visited Jan. 16, 2013).





n65.  See, e.g., Inman, supra note 57, at 288-89.





n66.  This is why the Ohio State University Extension Service recommends this:
"Heirs who have worked on the farm and increased its value may need to inherit
the land to keep the farm as a viable economic business. Other children could be
given cash or other assets of an equitable value." Mahan, supra note 54, at 2.





n67.  See, e.g., 25 U.S.C. § 2206(a)(2)(D)(iii) (2006) (imposing a single heir
rule for the inheritance of Indian land in the United States); Inman, supra note
57, at 288-89 (discussing both systems in Austria and the impacts on land
ownership and farm productivity over time); Miroslava Gec-Koros ec & Vesna
Rijavec, International Encyclopedia of Laws: Family and Succession Law Slovenia
ch. 7 (2011) (imposing a single heir succession system in Slovenia).





n68.  Solamon & Davis-Brown, supra note 46, at 195.





n69.  Id.





n70.  See infra Part II.C for a substantial discussion of how farms are
inherited in today's society. After examining existing literature, I show that
women continue to not own or manage family farms at the same rates as their
brothers. See, e.g., Douglass, supra note 21, at 120.





n71.  See, e.g., Marotz-Baden & Mattheis, supra note 62, at 135 (reporting that
out of a random sample of 253 farm or ranch families in Montana only two
families reported farming or ranching with an adult daughter, whereas
seventy-three reported farming or ranching with an adult son); Douglass, supra
note 21, at 120 (finding that in only two of thirty-three cases was a daughter
the heir selected to inherit the farm, and in two of the households that
daughter was a single child).





n72.  Goldschmidt & Kunkel, supra note 53, at 1062.





n73.  Marotz-Baden & Mattheis, supra note 62, at 133.





n74.  For example, the North Carolina extension office makes several of these
recommendations to farmers. Theodore A. Feitshans et al., N.C. Cooperative
Extension Serv., Property Decisions for Estate Planning: Estate Planning in
North Carolina, http://www.ag-econ.ncsu.edu/faculty/feitshans/AG-688-07.pdf
(last visited Jan. 16, 2013).





n75.  Testamentary gifts are gifts "provided for or appointed by a will."
Black's Law Dictionary 713 (3d Pocket ed. 2006). Therefore, testamentary gifts
are necessarily given in death.





n76.  Inter vivos is defined as "of or relating to property conveyed not by will
or in contemplation of an imminent death, but during the conveyor's lifetime."
Black's Law Dictionary 379 (3d Pocket ed. 2006).





n77.  See, e.g., Susan Carol Rogers & Sonya Salamon, Inheritance and Social
Organization among Family Farmers, 10 Am. Ethnologist 529 (1983) (examining two
communities in America, finding one to be traditionally single-heir and the
other to be traditionally multi-heir); Douglass, supra note 21, at 119 (finding
that American Basque immigrant families sometimes granted land to one son,
sometimes to two or more sons).





n78.  See, e.g., Rogers & Salamon, supra note 77, at 536-37. An interesting
analysis outside the scope of this Article is a comparative study of how tax
structures impact the inheritance of family farms. In contrast to the United
States, Alberta has laws encouraging the passage of the farm to one child.





n79.  Mahan, supra note 54, at 2. Nevada's cooperative extension service notes
the problem in their publication on estate planning:



   A major estate planning issue with farm and ranch families is the allocation
of assets among farm and non-farm children. While giving each child an equal
share of the assets may seem like the most equitable solution, such a plan could
result in the future loss of the farm or ranch.

 Kynda R. Curtis & Margaret W. Cowee, Univ. of Nev.-Reno, Key Concepts & Steps
in Agricultural Estate Planning,
http://www.unce.unr.edu/publications/files/ag/2006/fs0610.pdf (last visited Apr.
2, 2013).





n80.  Mahan, supra note 54, at 2.





n81.  Curtis & Cowee, supra note 79, at 1 ("If the parents leave equal shares of
the family assets to each child, the on-farm child may not be able to afford to
buy the farm shares from his/her siblings who want a cash settlement, resulting
in farm sale in the end.").





n82.  Tax discussions can be additionally complicated by state taxes. For
example, Maryland recently passed legislation that allows a farm valued at less
than five million dollars to pass down without taxes, but only if the farm stays
in production for the next ten years. If the farm is no longer used for farming
purposes, the taxes will be recaptured. Niles, Barton & Wilmer, Estate Tax
Relief for Family Farms?, JDSupra (July 18, 2012),
http://www.jdsupra.com/legalnews/ estate-tax-relief-for-family-farms-11307/.





n83.  Telephone Interview with S.R.A. (Apr. 7, 2011).





n84.  Id.





n85.  Id.





n86.  See, e.g., Marotz-Baden & Mattheis, supra note 62, at 135; Douglass, supra
note 21, at 120.





n87.  See infra Part IV.B.





n88.  This can be a risky venture. See infra Part II.D.





n89.  In narratives about farmland, the historical connection to the land is
often critical. For example, in profiling a Maine farmer, a New York Times
blogger validates the farmer by explaining:



   Jason is a fifth-generation Maine farmer. He cultivates the land first
planted by his great-great grandfather in 1878. He lives with his wife and two
kids in the farmhouse built by his great-great grandfather. He still uses a
well-maintained mechanical seed drill bought new in the 1940s by his great
grandfather. It's parked beside the restored 1963 International tractor that he
still uses. History and heritage matter to Jason.

 Craig Leisher, From a Farm Stand, New and Old Insights, N.Y. Times Green Blog
(Oct. 25, 2011),
http://green.blogs.nytimes.com/2011/10/25/from-a-farm-stand-new-and-old-insights
/. Not surprisingly, this narrative is written about a male farmer and describes
his male ancestors as the critical players in the family farm's history. Id. For
a female spiritual perspective on the connection to land see Kathleen Norris,
Dakota: A Spiritual Geography (1993). Norris moves from the big city to her
grandparents' former home in Lemmon, South Dakota. Id. This book chronicles her
spiritual story in discussing the connection to the land and community from
whence her family came. Id.





n90.  Willa Cather portrays the importance of patrilocal societies to
generations of men through a male character who had moved west from his
hometown. The male character says:



   In my own town in Michigan, now, there were people who liked me on my
father's account, who had even known my grandfather. That meant something. But
here it's all like the sand: blows north one day and south the next. We're all a
lot of gamblers without much nerve, playing for small stakes.

 Cather, Lark, supra note 3, at 103. This connection to community would be as
important for women if they were given the chance over generations to develop
connections with the land and community.





n91.  See, e.g., Marotz-Baden & Mattheis, supra note 62, at 136.





n92.  Id. at 135-36.





n93.  Sonya Salamon & Ann Mackey Keim, Land Ownership and Women's Power in a
Midwestern Farming Community, 41 J. Marriage & Fam. 109 (1979).





n94.  Meg Cadoux Hirshberg, Why So Many Entrepreneurs Get Divorced: Why the
Start of a Company so Often Spells the End of a Marriage, Inc. (Nov. 1, 2010),
http://www.inc.com/
magazine/20101101/why-so-many-entrepreneurs-get-divorced.html.





n95.  See A. Thelin & S. Holmberg, Farmers and Retirement: A Longitudinal Cohort
Study, 15 J. Agromedicine 38, 38 (2010) (finding that "farmers continue to work
full or part time around retirement age to a much larger extent than
employees").





n96.  See, e.g., Temple v. Temple, 365 N.W.2d 561, 564 (S.D. 1985) (affirming a
trial court order that granted the husband land and the wife money in a
divorce).





n97. " Property acquired during the marriage by one spouse by bequest, devise,
or descent, generally remains that spouse's separate property and is not subject
to division on dissolution of the marriage." 24 Am. Jur. 2d Divorce and
Separation § 489 (2008). Cf. Halbersma v. Halbersma, 738 N.W.2d 545, 549 (S.D.
2007) ("Inherited property "is not ipso facto excluded from consideration in the
overall division of property.'" (quoting Novak v. Novak, 713 N.W.2d 551, 553
(2006))).





n98.  24 Am. Jur. 2d Divorce and Separation § 489 (2008).





n99.  Herma Hill Kay & Tristin Green, Sex-Based Discrimination: Text, Cases and
Materials 281 (7th ed. 2012) (comparing and contrasting "common law" and
community property states).





n100.  609 N.W.2d 765 (S.D. 2000).





n101.  Albrecht, 609 N.W.2d at 767.





n102.  Id. at 767-68.





n103.  Id.





n104.  Id. at 770.





n105.  Id. at 771.





n106.  S.D. Codified Laws§§25-2-4, 25-4-44 (2004).





n107.  Generally, spouses have no marital property interest in their spouse's
future interest. The exception comes through trusts, which occasionally courts
find as marital property and divide the future interest. See, e.g., Chilkott v.
Chilkott, 607 A.2d 883, 885 (Vt. 1992). The issue in such cases is whether "the
future interest is so remote that it has no ascertainable present value." Id.
This rule applies where property has already been placed in trust, but does not
apply to wills where property has not yet been transferred. Michael Diehl, The
Trust in Marital Law: Divisibility of a Beneficiary Spouse's Interests on
Divorce, 64 Tex. L. Rev. 1301, 1354 (1986).





n108.  As discussed earlier in Part II.C, parents often wait longer periods to
transfer land to the next generation. This means that for many farm families,
two-generations simultaneously work and live on a farm. Although a fine
practice, harm can occur if the older generation continues to own the property,
while the younger generation works to improve the property. For an example of
how the older generation's ownership of land can lead to unequal property
distribution at divorce, see Temple v. Temple, 365 N.W.2d 561, 564 (S.D. 1985).
It is because of the benefit to their own children that parents may wait to
transfer property until they die or are firmly convinced of the survival of the
marriage.





n109.  Isolde Raftery, Young Farmers Find Huge Obstacles to Getting Started,
N.Y. Times, Nov. 13, 2011, A25 (quoting thirty-one-year-old farmer Luke Deikis
from upstate New York).





n110.  Id.





n111.  Comparing two Idaho cases is instructive of this point. In Shumway v.
Shumway, the Idaho Supreme Court determined that the husband's family land was a
gift and thus at divorce he ultimately received three-fourths of the land. 679
P.2d 1133, 1138 (Idaho 1984). In Larson v. Larson, a couple had bought, rather
than inherited, ranch land and at divorce the wife received most of the worth of
the ranch. 88 P.3d. 1210, 1211-12 (Idaho 2004). These cases are merely
illustrative, an empirical analysis of marital property cases about farmland is
needed to fully understand current trends.





n112.  See infra Part V.A.





n113.  See, e.g., Raftery, supra note 109, at A25.





n114.  See generally id.





n115.  A.G. Sulzberger, As Crop Prices Soar, Iowa Farms Add Acreage, N.Y. Times
(Dec. 30, 2011),
http://www.nytimes.com/2011/12/31/us/in-iowa-farmland-expands-as-crop-prices-soa
r.htm l?pagewanted=all&_r=0 ("Across much of the Midwest the sharp increase in
farm earnings has driven the price of farmland to previously unimaginable - and,
some say, unsustainable - levels."); Press Release, U.S. Dep't of Agric., South
Dakota Land Values Up From a Year Ago (Aug. 4, 2011), available at
http://www.nass.usda.gov/Statistics_by_State/Sout h_Dakota/
Publications/Economics_Press_Release/2011/land110 8.pdf ("South Dakota farm real
estate value ... on January 1, 2011, [was] up 13.4 percent from the 2010 revised
estimate ... . The U.S. farm real estate value ... is up 6.8 percent from
2010.").





n116.  U.S. Dep't of Agric., Farm Income and Costs, supra note 48; Sulzberger,
supra note 115.





n117.  Sulzberger, supra note 115.





n118.  Id.





n119.  U.S. Dep't of Agric., Farm Income and Costs, supra note 48.





n120.  Sulzberger, supra note 115.





n121.  It should be noted that farmland has not always been so expensive. During
the 1980s, farmland dropped to dangerously low prices showing the risk farmers
take by placing their equity into farmland where value is dependent on outside
factors. Richard Orr, Midwest Farm Values Drop Another 4.6%, Chi. Trib., Aug.
26, 1985, at 3.





n122.  U.S. Dep't of Agric., Farm Income and Costs, supra note 48.





n123.  Id. During the same time period, debt was only increased by 3.5 percent.
Id.





n124.  Nickerson et al., supra note 49, at iii.





n125.  Id. This was also true from 1978 until 1985.





n126.  Id. at 2.





n127.  Id.





n128.  U.S. Dep't of Agric., Farm Income and Costs, supra note 48.





n129.  U.S. Dep't of Agric., 2007 Census of Agric., supra note 28.





n130. " Machinery and equipment are major cost items in farm businesses. Larger
machines, new technology, higher prices for parts and new machinery, and higher
energy prices have all caused machinery and power costs to rise in recent
years." Edwards, supra note 48, at 1.





n131.  E.g., Raftery, supra note 109, at A25.





n132.  Id.





n133.  Id. at 20 (citing number provided by The National Young Farmers'
Coalition).





n134.  U.S. Dep't of Agric., 2007 Census of Agriculture, New Farms, New Farm
Operators,
http://www.agcensus.usda.gov/Publications/2007/Online_Highlights/Fact_Sheets/
Farm_Numbers/new_farms.pdf (last visited Jan. 16, 2013).





n135.  Id.





n136.  See infra Part IV.A.2.





n137.  Benjamin Marshall Davis, Agricultural Education: The United States
Department of Agriculture, 10 Elementary Sch. Teacher 101, 101 (1909).





n138.  Id.





n139.  Id.





n140.  7 U.S.C. §§301-08 (2006).





n141.  Davis, supra note 137, at 101.





n142.  7 U.S.C. § 301; Davis, supra note 137, at 101.





n143.  Hatch Act of 1887, ch. 314, 24 Stat. 440-42; Davis, supra note 137, at
101.





n144.  Davis, supra note 137, at 103.





n145.  Id. at 106.





n146.  Id. at 107.





n147.  Id. (quoting Willet M. Hayes, Office of Experiment Stations, Cir. 84,
Education for Country Life 90 (1909)).





n148.  Comm. on Agric. Educ. in Secondary Sch., Understanding Agriculture: New
Directions for Education 25 (1988) [hereinafter Comm. on Agric. Educ. in
Secondary Sch.].





n149.  See, e.g., Rich Harrison, Agri-Science Programs Seeking More State Funds,
NECEN (May 19, 2012),
http://www.necn.com/05/19/12/Agri-science-programs-seeking-more-state/
landing_politics.html?apID=bbce5ac6323f47058843413638a0e 45b; Wendy Carlson, At
Prep School, Rolling Up Sleeves and Working the Soil, N.Y. Times, Nov. 18, 2011,
at CT12.





n150.  See generally Davis, supra note 137, at 101.





n151.  See, e.g., Bradwell v. Illinois, 83 U.S. 130, 141 (1873) (upholding
Illinois law prohibiting women from practicing law because the "natural and
proper timidity and delicacy which belongs to the female sex evidently unfits it
for many of the occupations of civil life" and "the paramount destiny and
mission of woman are to fulfill the noble and benign offices of wife and
mother").





n152.  U.S. Const. amend. XIX.





n153.  See, e.g., Reed v. Reed, 404 U.S. 71, 76-77 (1971).





n154.  See John R. Gunderson, Women in America: Virginia and New York as a Case
Study 1700-1800, in Inheritance and Wealth in America 91, 111-12 (Robert K.
Miller, Jr. & Stephen J. McNamee eds., 1998).





n155.  See, e.g., Mich. Comp. Laws Ann. § 558.1 (West 2012); Neb. Rev. St. §
30-2317 (2009).





n156.  See, e.g., N.D. Cent. Code § 30.1-04-01 (2010).





n157.  See, e.g., Pruitt, Gender, Geography & Rural Justice, supra note 20, 382
(discussing specifically how economic progress has impacted rural women and
their work patterns).





n158.  Coverture is the "application of the common law doctrine that merged a
married woman's interest with those of her husband for the duration of the
marriage and gave the husband actual control of her interests. It did not
obliterate her rights, but it suspended independent action during the marriage."
Gunderson, supra note 154, at 116 n.1.





n159.  Nancy F. Cott, Public Vows: A History of Marriage and the Nation 52
(2000).





n160.  Id.





n161.  Id.





n162.  Id. at 52-53.





n163.  Id.





n164.  Id. at 53.





n165.  For example the New York courts applied the law only to marriages and
property acquired after the passage and also only originally allowed women to
"hold" land but not convey or devise that property. Gunderson, supra note 154,
at 111-12.





n166.  Cott, supra note 159, at 5 (pointing out that most states' laws did not
give women the right to use property by prohibiting women from contracting,
buying, or selling).





n167.  Id.





n168.  Dower is defined as: "At common law, a wife's right, upon her husband's
death, to a life estate in one-third of the land that her husband owned in fee."
Black's Law Dictionary 225 (3d Pocket ed. 2006).





n169.  Gunderson, supra note 154, at 116 n.1.





n170.  Id.





n171.  See, e.g., Mich. Comp. Laws Ann. § 558.1 (West 2012) ("The widow of every
deceased person, shall be entitled to dower, or the use during her natural life,
of 1/3 part of all the lands whereof her husband was seized of an estate of
inheritance, at any time during the marriage, unless she is lawfully barred
thereof.").





n172.  Gunderson, supra note 154, at 116 n.1.





n173.  Id.





n174.  Shammas et al., supra note 52, at 85.





n175.  Id. (see chart).





n176.  A homestead is "the house, outbuildings, and adjoining land owned and
occupied by a person or family as a residence." Black's Law Dictionary 331 (3d
Pocket ed. 2006); A homestead law is "[a] statute exempting a homestead from
execution or judicial sale for debt, unless all owners, usu. a husband and wife,
have jointly mortgaged the property or otherwise subjected it to creditors'
claims." Id. at 332.





n177.  Shammas et al., supra note 52, at 85 (see chart).





n178.  Id. at 86.





n179.  See, e.g., Neb. Rev. St. § 30-2317 (2009).





n180.  Id.





n181.  Shammas et al., supra note 52, at 8.





n182.  U.S. Const. amend. XIX.





n183.  88 U.S. 162 (1874).





n184.  Minor, 88 U.S. at 163, 176.





n185.  The denial of full citizenship rights for women can be evidenced by the
inability of women to contract for the type and hours of employment during the
Lochner era. See, e.g., Muller v. Oregon, 208 U.S. 412, 422-23 (1908); Goesaert
v. Cleary 335 U.S. 464 (1948). For additional information on the Lochner era,
see generally David E. Bernstein, Lochner's Legacy's Legacy, 82 Tex. L. Rev. 1
(2003).





n186.  See generally Reed v. Reed, 404 U.S. 71 (1971).





n187.  Id. at 76-77 (finding an intestacy scheme preferring males to females for
administrators invalid under the Equal Protection Clause).





n188.  Craig v. Boren, 429 U.S. 190, 197 (1976) ("To withstand constitutional
challenge, previous cases establish that classifications by gender must serve
important governmental objectives and must be substantially related to
achievement of those objectives.").





n189.  See, e.g., Nguyen v. INS, 533 U.S. 53, 71 (2001) ("The statutory scheme's
satisfaction of the equal protection scrutiny we apply to gender-based
classifications constitutes a sufficient basis for upholding it.").





n190.  The Court now applies the heightened scrutiny standards from United
States v. Virginia (VMI), 518 U.S. 515, 533 (1996) ("The State must show at
least that the challenged classification serves important governmental
objectives and that the discriminatory means employed are substantially related
to the achievement of those objectives." (internal quotation marks omitted)).





n191.  See generally id.





n192.  Ruth Bader Ginsburg is famous for her stereotype principles of
discrimination. For an in-depth discussion of her theory and its impact, see
Deborah Jones Merritta & David M. Lieberman, Ruth Bader Ginsburg's Jurisprudence
of Opportunity and Equality, 104 Colum. L. Rev. 39, 46-48 (2004) ("By forcing us
to focus on individual traits, rather than group stereotypes, Justice Ginsburg
has reduced the tenacity of bias.").





n193.  Shangreau v. Babbitt, 68 F.3d 208, 210 (8th Cir. 1995) (discussing the
Uniform Probate Code's impact on the intestate laws applicable to children born
out of wedlock).





n194.  See, e.g., Jordan v. Anderson, 421 N.W.2d 816, 819-20 (N.D. 1988) (citing
N.D. Cent. Code § 30.1-04-01 (2010)) (holding that property of intestate
decedent would go to sisters under North Dakota's intestacy scheme).





n195.  The government's distribution of property based on gender is a real
concern. Much research has been done on the history of intestacy and how
governments distribute property. The intestacy scheme of the Israelites was:



   If a man dies without leaving a son, you shall let his heritage pass on to
his daughter; if he has no daughter, you shall give his heritage to his
brothers; if he has no brothers, you shall give to his father's brothers; if his
father has no brothers, you shall give his heritage to the nearest relative in
his clan, who shall take possession of it.

 Numbers 27:8-11 (King James). This rule was a clear governmental preference for
the passage of property to sons, not daughters. Compare the Israelite's
intestacy scheme with that of modern day North Dakota, where there is no mention
of the gender of beneficiaries. N.D. Cent. Code § 30.1-04-02 (2010).





n196.  Intestacy schemes apply only to property "not effectively disposed of by
will." N.D. Cent. Code § 30.1-04-01.





n197.  See Frontiero v. Richardson, 411 U.S. 677, 677 (1973) (equal protection
decision where the Court determined that military benefits for family members
could not be allocated based only on gender).





n198.  In the United States, intestacy schemes were originally based on
primogeniture.



   When the early settlers came to this country from England, they naturally
brought with them the common law; but it was not unexpected that the new social
and economic conditions and opportunities should gradually be manifested in the
legal institutions. For intestate succession many colonies at first retained the
rule of primogeniture for land, and a number of others set up the unusual rule
of a double portion for the eldest son.

 Joseph Dainow, Inheritance by Pretermitted Children, 32 Ill. L. Rev. 1, 1
(1937). Primogeniture is "the superior or exclusive right possessed by the
eldest son, and particularly, his right to succeed to the estate of his
ancestor, in right of his seniority by birth to the exclusion of younger sons."
Black's Law Dictionary 1191 (6th ed. 1990).





n199.  404 U.S. 71 (1971).





n200.  Reed, 404 U.S. at 76 (using a rational relationship test to overturn the
law before heightened scrutiny was developed by the Court).





n201.  The case was decided only two years after the first UPC was promulgated.
Id.





n202.  See, e.g., Neb. Rev. Stat. § 30-2301 (2009).





n203.  See generally North Dakota's intestate scheme. N.D. Cent. Code §
30.1-04-01 (2010). North Dakota has adopted in full the Uniform Probate Code and
recognizes no gender difference in the distribution of property in intestacy.





n204.  Only sixteen states have fully adopted the UPC, but four others have
adopted the UPC in part. Those states fully adopting the UPC are: Alaska,
Arizona, Colorado, Florida, Hawaii, Idaho, Maine, Michigan, Minnesota, Montana,
Nebraska, New Mexico, North Dakota, South Carolina, South Dakota, and Utah.





n205.  See, e.g., Cal. Prob. Code § 6400 (Deering 2012).





n206.  See, e.g., Neb. Rev. St. § 30-2301 (2009); Cal. Prob. Code § 6400.





n207.  This includes about half of Americans. Linda Lyons, Last Wishes' Half of
Americans Have Written Wills, in The Gallup Poll: Public Opinion 2005, at 207,
207-08 (2005) [hereinafter Gallup Poll] (reporting 50%, May 2-5, 2005, survey of
1005 adults); ABC News Polls: Planning Ahead (2002), available at
http://abcnews.go.com/images/PollingUnit/883a13 PlanningAhead.pdf (reporting
50%, Jul.-Aug. 2002, survey of 1024 adults) [hereinafter ABC News Polls].





n208.  Presumed intent theory is not the only way that intestacy schemes have
been rationalized. However, the presumed intent theory is the most prominent
theory espoused.





n209. " Any part of a decedent's estate not effectively disposed of by will
passes by intestate succession to the decedent's heirs as prescribed in this
title, except as modified by the decedent's will." N.D. Cent. Code § 30.1-04-01
(1) (2010).





n210.  S.D. Codified Laws § 29A-2-101 (2004).





n211.  Gallup Poll, supra note 207, at 207; ABC News Polls, supra note 207. This
is because people are unwilling to face their own deaths, Roper Ctr. for Public
Opinion Research, Univ. of Conn., AARP Thoughts on the Afterlife Survey 5 (2006)
(June 2006, survey of 1011 adults 50 and over); Lawyers do not market the
advantages of wills in relation to intestacy; Michael R. McCunney & Alyssa A.
DiRusso, Marketing Wills, 16 Elder L.J. 33, 48-55 (2008); and, many people elect
to transfer property outside of the probate process such as through life
insurance policies, joint tenancies, and lifetime trusts, Mary Randolph, 8 Ways
to Avoid Probate 11-12, 197 (2d ed. 1999).





n212.  Partial intestacy occurs when "a will fails to dispose of all of a
decedent's property." Basile v. Aldrich, 70 So. 3d 682, 683 (Fla. Dist. Ct. App.
2011). The effect is "that property [the decedent] owned at the time of her
death not disposed of by her will passes to her heirs, in the manner prescribed
by" state intestacy schemes. Id. Partial intestacy occurs for various reasons,
including failure to include a residual clause. See, e.g., id. However, "in
construing a will, there is a strong presumption that its maker intended to
dispose of his entire estate and did not intend to die intestate as to any part
of his property." In re Estate of Klein, 434 N.W.2d 560, 562 (N.D. 1989).





n213.  See, e.g., S.D. Codified Laws § 29A-2-101 (2004).





n214.  Ronald F. Scalise, Jr., Honor Thy Father and Mother?: How Intestacy Law
Goes Too Far in Protecting Parents, 37 Seton Hall L. Rev. 171, 173-74 (2006).





n215.  Id. at 174-75.





n216.  Id.





n217.  Martin L. Fried, The Uniform Probate Code: Intestate Succession and
Related Matters, 55 Alb. L. Rev. 927, 928-29 (1992) (quoting Unif. Probate Code
art. II, pt. 1 gen. cmt. (1969)).





n218.  See generally id.





n219.  U.S. Const. amend. XIV.





n220.  430 US 762 (1977).





n221.  Trimble, 430 US at 775 n.16. Although dicta, the Court provides strong
constitutional background for the claim and the rule would presumably prevail in
any instance where a presumed intent doctrine discriminated against a protect
grouped. Id.





n222.  See generally id.





n223.  These are far from the only changes impacting agriculture today. The
Committee on Agricultural Education in Secondary Schools identifies a host of
issues that contribute to a changing agricultural system.



   These forces include demographics; urbanization; rapid gains in worldwide
agricultural production capacity; domestic farm and trade policies; lifestyle
changes; global competition in basic and high-technology industries; the
explosion in knowledge caused by increasingly sophisticated computers, digital
equipment, and biotechnological techniques; specialization within the
professions; and public expectations about the role of schools, the food supply,
and public institutions.

 Comm. on Agric. Educ. Secondary Sch., supra note 148, at v. This paper does not
cover all of these changes, but rather only the changes important to land
inheritance specifically.





n224.  Mary Neth, Gender and the Family Labor System: Defining Work in the Rural
Midwest, 27 J. Soc. Hist. 563, 569-70 (1994).





n225.  See supra Part II.C. For example, the boisterous Laura Ingalls Wilder,
although dreaming large, was always circumscribed by her mother's call for
proper Victorian gender roles though she longed for something else. "Laura ran
back and forth, waving her sunbonnet and yelling, "Hi! Yi-yi-yi!' till Ma told
her to stop. It was not ladylike to yell like that. Laura wished she could be a
cowboy." Laura Ingalls Wilder, Little House on the Prairie 165-66 (Harper & Row,
1971) (1935).





n226.  Linda Wuebben, Writer's Block: A Farm Wife Wears Many Hats, Yankton Daily
Press & Dakotan (Nov. 17, 2011),
http://www.yankton.net/Articles/2011/11/17/opinion/
editorials/doc4ec481625ac22184152875.txt.





n227.  Id.





n228.  Id.





n229.  There is an additional change that is important to agriculture, but not
relevant to this Article. There has been a substantial move toward the corporate
commercialization of farms, which has in turn impacted how many farmers in this
country work and live. Particularly in California and areas of the Southwest,
farmland is increasingly owned by corporations; this means there is a smaller
percentage of small farm owners and more farmers working for corporate
operations. This change and its effects on gender and inheritance are beyond the
scope of this Article, but it is worth noting that the commercialization of
farming has helped to fuel the unsubstantiated perception that there are no
longer rural family farmers in America. Hoy Carman, California Corporate Farms:
Myth and Reality, Univ. of Cal. Giannini Foundation of Agric.,
http://giannini.ucop.edu/media/are-update/files/articles/v12n6_3.pdf (last
visited Feb. 22, 1013).





n230.  Jacqueline L. Angel, Inheritance in Contemporary America: The Social
dimensions of Giving across Generations 12 (2008).





n231.  See generally Blake McKelvey, The Urbanization of America 1860-1915
(1963).





n232.  Peter Dobkin Hall & George E. Marcus, Why Should Men Leave Great Fortunes
to Their Children?: Class, Dynasty, and Inheritance in America, in Inheritance
and Wealth in America 139, 145 (Robert K. Miller, Jr. & Stephen J. McNamee eds.,
1998).





n233.  Id.





n234.  A spendthrift trust is "[a] trust that prohibits the beneficiary's
interest from being assigned and also prevents a creditor from attaching that
interest." Black's Law Dictionary 737 (3d Pocket ed. 2006).





n235.  For example, a generation-skipping trust, which is "[a] trust that is
established to transfer (usu. Principal) assets to a skip person (a beneficiary
more than one generation removed from the settlor)." Black's Law Dictionary 735
(3d Pocket ed. 2006).





n236. " Suburban homeownership has been a linchpin of the American dream." John
Wasik, After the Housing Bust, What's Next?, Reuters Money (June 17, 2011),
http://blogs.reuters.com/
reuters-money/2011/06/17/after-the-housing-bust-whats-next/.





n237.  For details on the rural to urban population shift from 1790 until 1990
see U.S. Census Bureau, Table 4, Population: 1790 to 1990,
http://www.census.gov/population/ censusdata/table-4.pdf (last visited Feb. 22,
2013). Although this information covers each decade, looking at fifty year
intervals can be informative. This chart begins in 1790 with 5.1% of the United
States population classified as urban and 94.9% as rural. Id. Fifty years later
in 1840, the population was 10.8% urban and 89.2% rural. Id. Another fifty years
in 1890, 35.1% of the population was urban and 63.9% was rural. Id. It was in
1920 that the majority of the population was urban, not rural. Id. By 1940,
56.5% of the population was urban and only 40.4% rural. Id. Finally, in 1990,
two hundred years after the first census, the urban population had reached 75.2
% and the rural population was only 24.8%. Id. It is worth noting that this
trend continues, albeit on a smaller scale, with traditionally rural states.
Between 2000 and 2010, Iowa has seen significant shifts from rural to urban
populations. Grant Schulte, Iowa Population Shifts from Rural to Urban, USA
Today (Feb. 10, 2011),
http://usatoday30.usatoday.com/news/nation/census/2011-02-10-iowa-census_N.htm.





n238.  Angel, supra note 230, at 3.





n239.  This trend can be sadly told through the way that American families lost
wealth during the recent housing market crash. Between 2007 and 2010, the
"median family's net worth dropped 38.8 percent." Weak House Prices Drag Family
Wealth: Fed, Reuters (June 11, 2012)
http://www.reuters.com/Article/2012/06/12/us-usa-economy-networth-idUSBRE85A1A22
01206 12. "Although declines in the values of financial assets or business were
important factors for some families, the decreases in median net worth appear to
have been driven most strongly by a broad collapse in house prices" because
"housing was of greater importance than financial assets for the wealth position
of most families." Id. (quoting the Fed).





n240.  U.S. Dep't of Agric., Farm Income and Costs, supra note 48.





n241.  This is not to say that farmers and ranchers cannot or do not divide land
equally among children. However, there are distinct problems that arise from
dividing productive land in this way, see supra Part II.B, for a discussion of
this problem.





n242.  Jillian Kinzie et al., Fifty Years of College Choice: Social, Political
and Institutional Influences on the Decision-making Process, 5 Lumina Found. For
Educ. New Agenda Series 3 (2004), available at
http://luminafoundation.org/publications/Hossler.pdf.





n243.  Carrie Young, Nothing to Do But Stay: My Pioneer Mother 6 (1991).





n244.  Angel, supra note 230, at 16-17.





n245.  E.g., I.R.C. § 529 (2006).





n246.  Telephone Interview with N.H. (Apr. 4, 2011).





n247.  Id.





n248.  Id.





n249.  Id.





n250.  For example, South Dakota State University offers a Bachelor of General
Agriculture degree designed in part for the student who "plans to return to the
farm or ranch after college." General Agricultural (GNAG) Major (Bachelor of),
S.D. State Univ., http://catalog.sdstate.edu/
preview_program.php?catoid=20&poid=3060&returnto =1535 [hereinafter S.D. State
Univ., GNAG Major] (last visited June 18, 2012). Major requirements include
accounting, agricultural marketing and prices, and farm and ranch management and
lab as well as many other courses.





n251.  See generally id.





n252.  Phyllis Korkki, Land Spreading Out, but Not So Far and Wide, N.Y. Times,
Feb. 29, 2012), at F2.





n253.  Carlson, supra note 149, at CT12.





n254.  Don Terry, An Urban Garden Prepares Inmates for Green-Collar Jobs, N.Y.
Times, Sept. 17, 2011, at A.27A.





n255.  Id.





n256.  Id.





n257.  Korkki, supra note 252, at F2.





n258.  Id.





n259.  See infra Part IV.B.





n260.  Mary Neth, Gender and the Family Labor System: Defining Work in the Rural
Midwest, 27 J. Soc. Hist. 563, 575 n.15 (1994).





n261.  Ann Romines, Constructing the Little House: Gender, Culture, and Laura
Ingalls Wilder 215 (1997). By the mid-1870s, young women from rural communities
were increasingly used as school-teachers. For Laura and her family, teaching
jobs "commanded considerable prestige, and their work was more lucrative than
any of the other available jobs that Laura's parents considered respectable for
a single woman." Id. In the first half of the twentieth century, teachers often
obtained two-year college degrees from regional teaching colleges. See, e.g.,
Young, supra note 243, at 16-18.





n262.  In contrast to the early days of prairie education, states now require
substantial certification and renewal for their teachers. A description of the
requirements from North Dakota demonstrates the trend. Wayne Kutzer, N.D. State
For Career Bo. & Technical Educ., Secondary Teacher Licensing Requirements
(2012), available at http://www.nd.gov/cte/
teacher-cert/docs/SecondaryLicensingReq.pdf.





n263.  See, e.g., Walter Hamilton, Many Baby Boomers Don't Plan to Leave Their
Children an Inheritance, L.A. Times (Sept. 5, 2011),
http://Articles.latimes.com/2011/sep/05/business/fi-la-boomer-inheritance-201109
06 (discussing how baby boomers have spent much of their savings on their
children's educations and now plan to not save specifically for the purpose of
bequeathing additional wealth).





n264.  Angel, supra note 230, at 18; Stephen J. McNamee & Robert K. Miller,
Inheritance and Stratification, in Inheritance and Wealth in America 193, 201
(Robert K. Miller, Jr. & Stephen J. McNamee eds., 1998). There has been some
shift away from this practice in the most recent economic downturn as
upper-middle-class parents are more likely to require their children to pay for
their own school costs. Ruth Simon & Rob Barry, College Debt Hits Well-Off:
Upper-Middle-Income Households See Biggest Jumps in Student Loan Burden, Wall
St. J., Aug. 8, 2012, at A1 (""The boomers are the first generation shifting the
cost of college to their kids,' both through increased student borrowing and
reduced taxpayer support for higher education, says Susan Dynarski, a professor
of education and public policy at the University of Michigan.").





n265.  Rita Brhel, Passing the Ag Torch, Yankton Daily Press & Dakotan (Dec. 24,
2011), http://www.yankton.net/Articles/2011/12/24/neighbors/doc4ef54df
1b4f83093122477.txt ("Different people have different ways of letting the
business go: Some don't let go, some "let go' but keeping coming back to
micromanage the new owners, some let go and will advise from the sidelines if
needed, and some let go and disappear.").





n266.  Osterud, supra note 43, at 27.





n267.  Despite earlier inheritances, it is still true that when land is
distributed, it is more likely to go to a son than a daughter. See supra Part
II.C.





n268.  See supra Part II.C.





n269.  See infra Part IV.B.





n270.  Douglass, supra note 21, at 120-21.





n271.  Id.





n272.  Holly Bollinger, Women of the Harvest: Inspiring Stories of Contemporary
Farmers 92 (2007).





n273.  Id. at 124.





n274.  That incorporation is a very gendered process. It is clear from the
famous Little House series that daughters do not have the same access to
training and vocation as do their brothers. In Farmer Boy (1933), Laura Ingalls
Wilder wrote of her husband's training to be a farmer, while contrasting his
experience with that of his two older sisters. In reviewing Almanzo's story,
Anne Romine says, "Alice and her older sister Eliza Jane, although they are
clearly secondary characters, provide much of the cultural complexity of Farmer
Boy, they suggest that an unbroken inheritance of an agricultural vocation is
difficult - if not impossible - for a girl as it is effortless for their brother
Almanzo." Romines, supra note 261, at 42.





n275.  Steven Neufeld et al., Not Raising a "Bubble Kid": Farm Parents'
Attitudes and Practices Regarding the Employment, Training and Supervision of
their Children, 18 J. of Rural Health 57, 61 (2002). Laura Ingalls Wilder
recounted her husband's training on his father's farm:



   A man had the right to keep his sons at work for him until they were
twenty-one years old. But Almanzo's father had put his boys to work early and
trained them well. Almanzo had learned to save money before he was ten and he
had been doing a man's work on the farm since he was nine.

 Laura Ingalls Wilder, The Long Winter 100 (Rev. ed. 1953) (1940). Laura, on the
other hand, while less domestic than her sisters, was still not equipped by her
parents to do farm work, in part because Ma "did not like to see women working
in the fields. Only foreigners did that. Ma and her girls were Americans, above
doing men's work." Id. at 4. One year, Laura did help Pa with the haying under
the threat of a very hard winter arriving too soon, but Laura was not perfect
and was very sore after just one day of work. Id. at 7, 9.





n276.  Wuebben, supra note 226. Although farming families have long held the
belief that on-farm training and early integration into the business is the best
way to train future generations of farmers, the federal government has oft
attempted to limit the training and working of farm children. Most recently, in
April of 2012, the Department of Labor proposed a ban on farm children under
sixteen working dangerous jobs. The Obama administration quickly changed
position recognizing that the proposed rules would impact the running of family
farms. Marjorie Elizabeth Wood, Pitting Child Safety Against the Family Farm,
N.Y. Times (May 7, 2012),
http://www.nytimes.com/2012/05/08/opinion/pitting-child-safety-against-the-famil
y-farm.html.





n277.  Telephone Interview with S.R.A., supra note 83.





n278.  Telephone Interview with N.H., supra note 246.





n279.  Telephone Interview with N.H., supra note 246; Telephone Interview with
S.R.A., supra note 83.





n280.  Telephone Interview with N.H., supra note 246; Telephone Interview with
S.R.A., supra note 83.





n281.  Kathleen Masterson, U.S. Sees More Female Farmers Cropping Up, Nat'l
Pub.Radio (Mar. 30, 2011),
http://www.npr.org/2011/03/30/134979252/u-s-sees-more-female-farmers-cropping-up
.





n282.  Id.





n283.  Id.





n284.  Id.





n285.  Id.





n286.  Id.





n287.  Id. She reports that she would "haul in grain to farms, unload, get
augers fixed, which [she] got good at too." In addition, she "did a lot of
repairs." Her father would show her until she was able to make the repair
herself. Id.





n288.  Id.





N289.  Id. This story included no information on whether this younger farmer
owned her own land or would be inheriting from her parents. At present she is
renting land.





n290.  See, e.g., S.D. State Univ., GNAG Major, supra note 250. As discussed
supra note 250, Major requirements for the bachelor's degree offered in General
Agriculture from South Dakota State University include classes aimed at the
managing of the farm, such as: accounting, agricultural marketing and prices,
and farm and ranch management and lab.





n291.  E. Wilbur Bock, Farmer's Daughters Effect: The Case of the Negro Female
Professionals, 30 Phylon 17, 17 (1969).





n292.  See, e.g., id.





n293.  See Hope Yen, Women Surpass Men in Advanced Degrees, Census Says, Seattle
Times, Apr. 26, 2011, at C3. Women began to exceed men in college enrollment in
the early 1980s. Id. 1996 marked the first year where women surpassed men in
bachelor's degrees; 2010 marked the first year where women surpassed men in
graduate degrees. Id.





n294.  Osterud, supra note 43, at 27.





n295.  Id.





n296.  Patrilineal societies are societies where property and identity pass
through the father's line as opposed to the mother's line. For example, in
traditional patrilineal societies, both names and property were distributed by
fathers to sons. Webster's Third New International Dictionary Unabridged 1656
(2002).





n297.  Patrilocal societies are societies where sons tend to remain in or near
the natal home while daughters marry outside the family and move to their
husband's natal home. Although the American Midwest is not characterized by
multi-generational families living in one home, it is common for parents and a
son to share farmland and for each to have their own home. Id.





n298.  See Marotz-Baden & Mattheis, supra note 62, at 133. Percentages of sons
and daughters living within a certain distance of parents shows that sons are
more likely to live closer to their parents. See e.g., id. at 134; see also
Goldschmidt & Kunkel, supra note 53, at 1061 (finding that "peasant societies
never show preference for matrilineal land inheritance, and none consistently
forms joint households on the basis of matrilocal residence").





n299.  See Marotz-Baden & Mattheis, supra note 62, at 133.





n300.  Id.; see also A Ranch Wife's Slant,
http://www.ranchwifesslant.com/news.php.





n301.  See Farm Household Economics and Well-Being: Beginning Farmers,
Demographics, and Labor Allocations, U.S. Dep't of Agric.,
http://www.ers.usda.gov/briefing/wellbeing/ demographics.htm (last updated Nov.
29, 2011) (finding that off-farm employment is increasingly common for both farm
operators and their spouses).





n302.  Id. Not only straight women suffer from the stereotype of men as farmers.
There is no sexual-orientation specific evidence available on lesbian farmers;
most studies assume that women are straight-identifying. Bud W. Jerke, Queer
Ruralism, 34 Harv. J. L. & Gender 259, 268 2011). Also lacking is substantial
research on gay men and transgender individuals of both genders. Id. at 259-62.
However, some recent work has highlighted the plight of one male-to-female
transgender woman living in northeast South Dakota. Id. at 288-92. This woman
farmed with her wife and parents before the transition and thankfully did not
lose her status as the child who would continue to farm with her parents after
transitioning, although ultimately she decided to sell her interest in the farm
and relocate to an urban area. Id. at 292.





n303.  See David Blower Jr., DeLauro Presents Equity for Women Farmers Act, Farm
World (Jan. 13, 2010),
http://www.farmworldonline.com/news/NewsArticle.asp?newsid=9263.





n304.  Id.





n305.  Id.





n306.  Id.





n307.  Id.





n308.  Id.





n309.  For example, in Laura Ingalls Wilder's famous novel about her husband
Almanzo's boyhood, there were clear gendered divisions of labor in Almanzo's
natal home. Feminist author Ann Romines asked in the context of Farmer Boy:



   Must farmers be boys and men? Almanzo's sisters help in some of the field
work and regularly assist their mother with cooking and housework. And Mother is
a multiskilled worker, as we have seen. Yet, however high the price her butter
brings, it is only half the sum Father gets for his potatoes, and all the farm
profits presumably go into his bank account... . In this book, written and
marketed by a mother and daughter about a husband and father who does not write,
patriarchy, paternity, and farming are clearly linked.

 Romines, supra note 261, at 39-40 (emphasis in original).





n310.  Masterson, supra note 281 (quoting Leigh Adcock, the director of the
Women Food and Agricultural Network).





n311.  Blower, supra note 303 (highlighting the four states with the highest
percentages of female farmers are Arizona, New Hampshire, Massachusetts, and
Maine, while the four states with the lowest percentages of female farmers are
South Dakota, Nebraska, Minnesota, and Iowa).





n312.  Robert A. Hoppe & David E. Banker, U.S. Dep't of Agric., Structure and
Finance of U.S. Farms: Family Farm Report, 2010 Edition 17 tbl. 4 (2010). There
are also growing numbers of lifestyle farms in the Pacific Northwest,
particularly with the growing popularity of farmers' markets. Kirk Johnson,
Small Farmers Creating a New Business Model as Agriculture Goes Local, N.Y.
Times, July 2, 2012, at A7.





n313.  Johnson, supra note 312, at A7.





n314.  Blower, supra note 303.





n315.  See supra Part II.C.





n316.  Although there appears to be a much stricter division of labor on
Midwestern farms today, earlier in American history the Midwestern farms were
less rigid in gender roles:



   Extending this framework across the continent, large-scale wheat farms on the
Prairies and Great Plains had more sharply gender-divided work patterns and
women were peripheral to the main commercial farm operation, while dairy farms
in northern New England, central New York, and the upper Midwest had more
flexible patterns of shared labor across gender lines and women were central to
the primary income-producing farm operation.

 Osterud, supra note 43, at 20 (citations omitted).





n317.  See generally Complaint, Love v. Vilsack, 2012 WL 6136996 (D.D.C. Dec.
11, 2012) (No. 1:00-cv-02502-RBW).





n318.  See generally id.





n319.  Id. at 3.





n320.  Id.





n321.  Memorandum Order Denying Class Certification, Love v. Vilsack, 2012 WL
6136996 (D.D.C. Dec. 11, 2012) (No. 1:00-cv-02502-RBW) [hereinafter Sept. 2004
Memorandum Denying Class Certification]. It is worth nothing there were
interlocutory appeals filed, but the Plaintiffs were unable to successfully
challenge the District Court's negative rulings. Notice of Interlocutory Appeal,
Love v. Vilsack, 2012 WL 6136996 (D.D.C. Dec. 11, 2012) (No. 1:00-cv-02502-RBW);
Notice of Appeal, Love v. Vilsack, 2012 WL 6136996 (D.D.C. Dec. 11, 2012) (No.
1:00-cv-02502-RBW).





n322.  Order Granting Motion to Dismiss for Lack of Jurisdiction; Denying Motion
for Partial Summary Judgment, Love v. Vilsack, 2012 WL 6156996 (D.D.C. Dec. 11,
2012) (No. 1:00-cv-02502-RBW, Doc. 175).





n323.  Minute Order, Love v. Vilsack, 2012 WL 6136996 (D.D.C. Dec. 11, 2012)
(No. 1:00-cv-02502-RBW).





n324.  Id.





n325.  Id.





n326.  DeLauro is a Democrat who has served as the representative for
Connecticut's third congressional district since 1991. Congresswoman Rosa
DeLauro, delauro.house.gov (last visited Feb. 1, 2013). At the time of the
bill's introduction, DeLauro was the Chairwoman of the House Agriculture
Appropriations Subcommittee. Id.





n327.  H.R. 4264, 111th Cong. (2011); Press Release, Congresswoman Rosa Delauro,
Delauro Calls for Equality for Women Farmers (Dec. 10, 2009), available at
http://delauro.house.gov/ index.php?option=com_content&view=Article&id=54:
delauro-calls-for-equality-for-women-farmers
&catid=9:2009-press-releases&Itemid=25 [hereinafter DeLauro Press Release].





n328.  Letter from Rosa L. DeLauro & Anna G. Eshoo to Members of Congress
Support Equality for Women Farmers (Feb. 18, 2010), available at
http://www.womenfarmers.com/DC_2 _%20-%20Editorials.pdf [hereinafter Letter from
Rose L. DeLauro].





n329.  DeLauro Press Release, supra note 327; Jerry Hagstrom, Fund Proposed for
Female Farmers in USDA Bias Cases, Gov't Exec (Dec. 11, 2009),
http://www.govexec.com/oversight/
2009/12/fund-proposed-for-female-farmers-in-usda-bias-cases/30511/. Although the
bill was most specifically aimed at the lawsuit filed by women farmers, there
had also been lawsuits filed by black farmers, Hispanic farmers, and American
Indian farmers. Id. The case filed by black farmers, Pigford v. Glickman, was
settled by the Clinton administration. The settlement resulted in payments of
over one billion dollars. Jerry Hagstrom, Women Farmers Seek Compensation: Bill
Would Pay $ 4.6 Billion to Cover Discrimination Suits, DTN/The Progressive
Farmer (Dec. 16, 2009),
http://www.dtnprogressivefarmer.com/dtnag/common/link.do?symbol icName=/
free/news/template2&forceNavUpdate=false&vendorReferenc
e=4377d365-60ef-42c6-b468-f07bc e00071b__1260971372242. The actual payment of
this settlement has been less than ideal. Editorial: Pay Up, N.Y. Times, Feb. 7,
2010, at A20.





n330.  DeLauro Press Release, supra note 327.





n331.  Id.





n332.  Hagstrom, supra note 329.





n333.  Letter from Rosa L. DeLauro, supra note 328; Sept. 2004 Memorandum
Denying Class Certification, supra note 321.





n334.  Rep. Delauro, Thomas Lib. of Cong. Lib.,
http://thomas.loc.gov/cgi-bin/bdquery/R?d1 11:FLD003:@1(Rep+DeLauro) (last
visited Feb. 11, 2013).





n335.  See, e.g., Celeste Baumgartner, Women Farmers in Ohio Share Stories of
Facing Discrimination Near the Farm, Farm World (Jan. 13, 2010),
http://www.google.com/url?sa=t&r ct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=1&ved=0CDIQFjA
A&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.farmworldonline.com%2FNews%2FNewsArt
icle.asp%3Fnewsid%3D9264&ei=pjb-UOlspPLaBZKsgLgC
&usg=AFQjCNE3uFUadjfBl6hRQP31FpNHNDD1Ig&sig2=6aYZmcnyrz
pEKxxOcBOOFQ&bvm=bv.41248874,d.b2I.





n336.  As stated earlier, the case continues and individual women now face
transfer of their suits to other district courts. I refrain from hypothesizing
that women will prevent future discrimination by the USDA based on the potential
outcome of individual cases stemming from Love v. Vilsack. The Plaintiffs had
sought a preliminary injunction that would enjoin the USDA from "pursuing
foreclosure on or accelerations of debt against" women and other minority
farmers. Plaintiffs' Motion for Preliminary Injunction, Love v. Vilsack, 2012 WL
6136996 (D.D.C. Dec. 11, 2012) (No. 1:00-cv-02502-RBW). The District Court
denied the motion because Plaintiffs had not successfully shown likelihood of
success on the merits or irreparable injury. Order, Love v. Vilsack, 2012 WL
6136996 (D.D.C. Dec. 11, 2012) (No. 1:00-cv-02502-RBW) [hereinafter March
Order].





n337.  Baumgartner, supra note 335.





n338.  See id.





n339.  Id.





n340.  Elisabetta Povoledo, Growing Beyond the Fields, N.Y. Times (Jan. 3,
2012),
http://www.nytimes.com/2012/01/04/world/europe/growing-beyond-the-fields.html?pa
gewanted= all.





n341.  Id.





n342.  Id.





n343.  Id. Discrimination in Italy has been both active and passive. "Women are
vastly underrepresented at a political and institutional level, added Susanna
Cenni, a member of the Democratic Party who sits on the agricultural committee
of the lower house of Parliament." Id. In addition,



   Agriculture Minister Mario Catania said in an interview that the economic
crisis had sharply diminished public spending, meaning that "there are no
resources to put on the table" for female farmers. In any case, Mr. Catania
said, earmarking money according to sex is "not simple to enact." Italy would do
better, he said, to improve family services like day care to help more women
join the work force.

 Id. Despite the lack of support from the government, women have become more
successful as farmers "thanks in part to a few institutional and grass-root
networks that offer both financial and moral support to women." Id.





n344.  See supra Part II.C.





n345.  See supra Part IV.B (discussing family grooming).





n346.  See, e.g., supra Part IV.B (discussing Love v. Vilsack, 2012 WL 6136996
(D.D.C. Dec. 11, 2012)).





n347.  See supra Part II.E.





n348.  Brhel, supra note 265.





n349.  Id.





n350.  See supra Part II.





n351.  Sonya Salamon et al., Family Factors Affecting the Intergenerational
Succession to Farming, 45 Hum. Org. 24 (1986).





n352.  See, e.g., id.





n353.  Brhel, supra note 265.





n354.  See supra Part III.





n355.  See supra Part II.D; Albrecht v. Albrecht, 609 N.W.2d 765, 771 (S.D.
2000).





n356.  Who We Are, 4-H, http://www.4-h.org/about/youth-development-organization/
(last visited July 1, 2012).





n357.  National FFA Organization: Agricultural Education, http://www.ffa.org
(last visited July 1, 12).





n358.  Perhaps the strongest statement honoring testamentary freedom came from
the United States Supreme Court in rulings finding unconstitutional a law that
abolished the ability to pass on property at death, as an uncompensated taking
of property in violation of the Fifth or Fourteenth Amendments. Babbitt v.
Youpee, 519 U.S. 234, 243-45 (1997); Hodel v. Irving, 481 U.S. 704, 716 (1987).





n359.  An example is Slovenia's succession law. The law imposes a "specific
regime of succession," which is "intended to prevent the falling into disrepair
of such farms and to make possible for their heirs to take them over under
conditions that are not overburdening them." Gec-Koros ec & Rijavec, supra note
67, at ch. 7, § 1. The law mandates that "[a] protected farm is inherited, as a
rule, only by one heir, that is appointed by the decision of succession issued
after a proceedings of selection." Id. § 3. Norway has also legislated how farms
are passed. See generally Marit S. Haugen & Berit Brandth, Gender Differences in
Modern Agriculture: The Case of Female Farmers in Norway, 8 Gender & Soc'y 206
(1994).





n360.  Alfred L. Brophy, What Should Inheritance Law Be? Reparations and
Intergenerational Wealth Transfers, 20 Law & Literature 197, 198 (2008).





n361.  Model Rules of Prof'l Conduct R. 2.1 (2010). Rule 2.1 provides background
for the scope of advice that lawyers can provide to their clients. The full text
reads: "In representing a client, a lawyer shall exercise independent
professional judgment and render candid advice. In rendering advice, a lawyer
may refer not only to law but to other considerations such as moral, economic,
social and political factors, that may be relevant to the client's situation."
Id.





n362.  Id. at cmt. 2.





n363.  Model Rules of Prof'l Conduct R. 1.16 (2010).





n364.  See, e.g., Albrecht v. Albrecht, 609 N.W.2d 765, 766-67 (S.D. 2000); see
supra Part II.D.





n365.  See, e.g., Farm Divorces: A Practical Approach, Nebraska Continuing Legal
Education & Nebraska State Bar Association (2000) (Nebraska's continuing legal
education publication on how to handle farm divorces). Because this Article is
focused on intergenerational land transfer - not inter-spousal land transfer -
the discussion ends here; however, there is much yet to be said about gender
biases suffered by divorcing farmers.





n366.  See supra Part III.B; Part I.D.





n367.  See supra Part III.B.





n368.  See, e.g., Neb. Rev. Stat. § 30-2301 (2009).





n369.  Davis, supra note 137, at 101.





n370.  For example, Kentucky continues to have a robust cooperative extension
service program run out of the University of Kentucky. Their website provides
substantial information on the different sectors of their program. College of
Agriculture: Cooperative Extension Service, Univ. of Kentucky,
http://ces.ca.uky.edu/ces/ (last visited May 11, 2011).





n371.  The gendered programming is not limited to United States extension
offices, it is a problem worldwide. For a discussion of extension services in
the developing world, see generally Marguerite Berger et al., Int'l Ctr. for
Research on Women, Bridging the Gender Gap in Agricultural Extension (1984); S.
Tjip Walker, Innovative Agricultural Extension for Women, Population and Human
Resources Department: The World Bank (1990).





n372.  See, e.g., Kenton County Extension Homemakers, College of Agric. Univ. of
Kentucky, http://ces.ca.uky.edu/kenton/extensionhomemakers (last visited Jan.
16, 2013).





n373.  Id.





n374.  See id.





n375.  Betty Jespersen, Extension Homemakers Celebrate 60 years, Franklin Sun J.
(Oct. 24, 2010), http://www.sunjournal.com/franklin/story/931027 (quoting
Claudina Bechtel, an eighty-four-year-old homemakers member).





n376.  For many rural women who had long been excluded from networks of male
farmers, the homemakers groups were particularly important.



   I believe that the Extension Homemakers had the first "Old Girls Network."
They kept each other informed, supported each other, and learned from each other
how to get things done. But to do this they needed to meet other women outside
their communities, and the Homemakers Camp was one way to make these contacts.

 Mary Sorber, Golden Anniversary Speech 10 (June 2, 1982), available at
http://extension.oregonstate.edu/lane/sites/default/files/
documents/hstryhmkrs.pdf.





n377.  See, e.g., Sarah Kramer, To Make the Best Better, Univ. of Delaware:
College of Agric. & Nat. Resources (Aug. 22, 2011),
http://ag.udel.edu/extension/4h/mediareleases/
releases/bestbetter_sarahkramer.html ("I quite honestly told her that 4-H had
saved my life.").





n378.  4-H, along with many adult educational services, is provided out of the
Cooperative Extension System.





n379.  4-H, supra note 356.





n380.  See Anna L. Ball et al., The Influence of Learning Communities and
4-H/FFA Participation on College of Agriculture Students' Academic Performance
and Retention, 42 J. Agric. Educ. 54, 54 (2001) (describing authors' study that
demonstrates previous participation in youth agricultural programs is associated
with academic performance and could indicate a benefit in recruiting people with
those experiences).





n381.  As impending budget cuts threaten cooperative extension services,
counties are having to step forward and begin supporting many 4-H programs. For
example, with the most recent South Dakota cuts, counties now must pay the
salary for a 4-H coordinator in order to continue 4-H fully. See Randy
Dockendorf, Officials Dealing With Extension Service Cuts, Yankton Daily Press &
Dakotan (Apr. 15, 2011),
http://www.yankton.net/Articles/2011/04/15/community/doc
4da7bd696e0f2800229670.txt.





n382.  Greg Homan et al., Differences in Youth Perceptions of Ohio 4-H Based on
Gender, 45 J. Extension 1, 1 (2007) (discussing gender differences in Ohio);
Karin Bartoszuk & Brandy A. Randall, Characteristics and Perceptions of 4-H
Participants: Gender and Age Differences Across Adolescence, 49 J. of Extension
1, 2 (2011) (discussing North Dakota).





n383.  Homan et al., supra note 382, at 1.





n384.  Bartoszuk & Randall, supra note 382.





n385.  Mission and Motto, FFA,
https://www.ffa.org/about/whoweare/Pages/MissionandMotto. aspx (last visited
Jan. 16, 2013).





n386.  FFA Statistics, FFA,
https://www.ffa.org/About/WhoWeAre/Pages/Statistics.aspx (last updated Nov.
2011).





n387.  See Jessica Stroller-Conrad, Future Farms of America Might Not Include
Much Family, NPR (Jan. 31, 2013),
http://www.npr.org/blogs/thesalt/2013/01/31/170659579/future-farms-of-america-mi
ght-not-include-much-family (discussing how the next generation of farmers may
be from outside a farm's current owning and operating family).





n388.  Margaret S. Zoglmann et al., The Role of 4-H and FFA Involvement and
Gender on Student Success in an Introduction to Animal Science Course, 54 J. S.
Agric. Education Research 219, 221 (2004). The FFA actually includes a
"Supervised Agricultural Experience" as one of the integral parts of an
agricultural education experience, which are part of their key tenets: classroom
instruction, FFA, and Supervised Agriculture Experience. Supervised Agricultural
Experience, FFA, https://www.ffa.org/about/whoweare/sae/Pages/default.aspx (last
visited Jan. 16, 2013). The program encourages FFA members to "own and operate
an agricultural business" (entrepreneurship); "get a job or internship on a farm
or ranch (placement); "plan and conduct a scientific experiment" (research and
experimentation); or "explore careers in agriculture" (exploratory). Id.





n389.  Ball et al., supra note 380, at 58.





n390.  Id. at 60. The retention rate for students not involved in agricultural
youth programs is 83.8%; the retention rate for students who were involved is
94.3%. Id.





n391.  Zoglmann, supra note 388, at 223.





n392.  See id. at 227 (explaining how gender plays a role in subjective and
objective performance assessment).





n393.  Id. at 228 ("Students with little or no background in agriculture or
involvement in the agricultural youth organizations can perform just as well as
students with a favorable background if the course is designed to teach students
as if none has any prior knowledge or experience."). The classroom teaching of
agriculture is not the major barrier to becoming farmers. As discussed, the high
cost of farmland is a major barrier for any intended farmer who will not inherit
farmland. See supra Part II.E.





n394.  See supra Part IV.A.





n395.  See Carlson, supra note 149; Louise Rafkin, The Little Farm in Berkeley
Teaches Kids About Food, N.Y. Times, Apr. 8, 2012, at A23B.





n396.  Webster Elementary Classes To Celebrate National Ag Week, Yankton Daily
Press & Dakotan (Mar. 9, 2012),
http://yankton.net/articles/2012/03/09/community/doc4f598384087 59980898736.txt.





n397.  Harrison, supra note 149.





n398.  Id.





n399.  Id.





n400.  Of course, other schools have been involved in agriculture education at
various times, with the initial push for agricultural education coming from the
Ivies. "In 1792 ... colleges undertook to provide for instruction in
agriculture, first Columbia, and then Harvard and Yale." Davis, supra note 137,
at 101.





n401.  The Women in Science and Engineering (WiSE) Theme Program: Exploring
Math, Science, and Engineering, Berkeley (Mar. 11, 2012),
http://themeprograms.berkeley.edu/wise.html.





n402.  Women in Engineering, Univ. of Kentucky, http://www.engr.uky.edu/wie/
(last updated Jan. 4, 2012).





n403.  See supra Part IV.A.ii.





n404.  See Dockendorf, supra note 377, at 1.





n405.  Randy Dockendorf, Restructuring Will Cause Area Extension Offices To
Close This Fall, Yankton Daily Press & Dakotan (Apr. 13, 2011),
http://www.yankton.net/Articles/
2011/04/13/community/doc4da5283f7770e528554890.txt.





n406.  See, e.g., South Dakota's proposed cuts. They would leave the South
Dakota system with only seven regional offices in contrast to before the cuts
when there was a local organizer in each county. Dockendorf, supra note 405.





n407.  Welcome to American Agri-Women, Am. Agri-women, http://www.americanagri
women.org/node/1 (last visited July 10, 2012).





n408.  Id.; Trenna R. Grabowski & Christina M. Wilson, American Agri-Women
1974-1994: A Proud Heritage - A Precious Legacy 1, 7 (1994), available at
http://www.americanagriwomen.org/files/AAW%20History_0.p df. New York just
formed its state chapter in 2010. Beth Young, Conference Brings Together Female
Farmers, Suffolk Times (Mar. 11, 2012),
http://suffolktimes.timesreview.com/2012/03/30638/conference-brings-together-fem
ale-farmers/.





n409. " Empowering Farm Women" Topic of NFU Conference, Yankton Daily Press &
Dakotan, May 5, 2012, at 4.





n410.  Deadline Looms for NFU Women's Conference, Yankton Daily Press & Dakotan,
June 6, 2012, at 4 ("A variety of trained instructors will teach family farm
finances, budgeting and cash flow, cooperatives, marketing, farm transfer and
estate planning, business planning, leadership assessment and skills,
generational issues, and action planning."); "Empowering Farm Women" Topic of
NFU Conference, supra note 409, at 4.





n411.  See Carrie Ann Knauer, Extension Offering Farm Transition and Estate
Planning Workshop, Carroll County Times (Mar. 10, 2012),
http://m.carrollcountytimes.com/mobile/
news/local/extension-offering-farm-transition-and-estate-planning-workshop/Artic
le_299a39e9-fdb5-550c-938a- 89083836ca67.html; Extension Service To Hold Estate
Planning Sessions, KeloLand News (Feb. 19, 2012),
http://www.keloland.com/newsdetail.cfm/extension-service-to-hold-estate-planning
-sessions-/?id=127957.





n412.  For example, "the on-farm child might not be able to afford to buy out
the farm shares from his/her siblings." Curtis & Cowee, supra note 79, at 1.





n413.  In a way, this has already been done. For example, a book about
California female farmers chronicles women's decisions to farm and their
successes and struggles. See generally Bollinger, supra note 272. However, a
more easily accessible forum - such as a newspaper - would provide these types
of narratives to more potential female farmers and more parents.





n414.  Florence Fabricant, Dining Calendar, N.Y. Times, June 26, 2012, at D5.





n415.  Nominations for Farmer/Rancher and Homemaker Awards Sought, Yankton Press
& Dakotan (July 5, 2012),
http://www.yankton.net/Articles/2012/07/05/community/doc4ff516a
18b696562551886.txt.





n416.  Id.





n417.  For the gender division of the 2011 awards, see SDSU Announces 2011
Eminent Farmers/Ranchers, Homemakers, Tri-State Neighbors (Sept. 9, 2011),
http://www.tristate
neighbor.com/news/regional/Article_88d97f0e-daf3-11e0-ba91-001cc4c002e0.html.
For the gender division of the 2010 awards, see Leader Connection, S.D. Farm
Bureau (Sept. 13, 2010), http://www.sdfbf.org/connect_detail.php?conid=98). For
the gender division of the 2009 awards, see The 2009 Eminent Farmers and
Homemakers Hail from Lake, Haakon, and Brookings Counties, S.D. State Univ.
(Aug. 9, 2011),
http://www.sdstate.edu/news/Articles/the-2009-eminent-farmers-and-homemakers-hai
l-from-lake-haakon-and-brookings- counties.cfm.





n418.  See Knauer, supra note 411; Extension Service To Hold Estate Planning
Sessions, supra note 411; Prionsais de Burca, Debunking Farm Inheritance Myths,
Irish Independent (Nov. 24, 2009),
http://www.independent.ie/farming/news-features/debunking-farm-inheritance-myths
-1951863.html.





n419.  See e.g., Curtis & Cowee, supra note 79.





n420.  Willa Cather's Alexandra was clearly portrayed throughout O Pioneers! as
the most competent child, but it was clear that she only had the ability to show
off this competence because her father groomed her from an early age. See
generally Cather, Pioneers, supra note 1.





n421.  See generally Cather, Pioneers, supra note 1; Cather, Antonia, supra note
4.





n422.  Brhel, supra note 265.





n423.  Osterud, supra note 43, at 29.





n424.  Gunderson, supra note 154, at 91-92.


                               6 of 90 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright (c) 2011 Chapman University School of Law
                    Nexus: Chapman's Journal of Law & Policy

                                  2011 / 2012

                    Nexus: Chapman's Journal of Law & Policy

                               17 Nexus J. Op. 3

LENGTH: 18016 words

FOOD FIGHT!: THE LEGAL DEBATE OVER THE OBESITY EPIDEMIC, FOOD LABELING, AND THE
GOVERNMENT'S INVOLVEMENT IN WHAT YOU EAT: Locating the Boundaries of Sustainable
Agriculture

NAME: Megan Galey<i> and A. Bryan Endres<ii>

BIO: <i> Legal Research Associate, University of Illinois, Department of
Agricultural and Consumer Economics.


<ii> Associate Professor of Agricultural Law, University of Illinois Department
of Agricultural and Consumer Economics. This research was supported in-part by
the USDA National Institute of Food and Agriculture, Hatch Project No.
ILLU-470-309. Any opinions, findings, and conclusions or recommendations
expressed in this publication are those of the authors and do not necessarily
reflect the view of the funding agency. The authors thank the Nexus Journal
Board for the invitation to present at a very informative symposium on the
myriad of legal issues surrounding the production, distribution and consumption
of food.

TEXT:
 [*3]

   The agricultural landscape in the United States has changed dramatically
during the past 100 years. Early 20th century agriculture was labor intensive
and involved a large number of diversified, small-scale farms in rural
communities where nearly half of the U.S. workforce was employed. n1 After World
War II, American agriculture began a transition toward large-scale farming
operations. Productivity soared due to new technologies, mechanization,
specialization, and a shift in federal agricultural policies. n2

   For example, pre-WWII depression-era farm policy targeted efforts to decrease
supply in order to support sagging commodity prices. n3 The supply shortages
driven by the war effort and post-war reconstruction needs, however,
precipitated a significant shift in federal agricultural policy toward
encouraging high-yield, large scale production and consolidation. n4 While these
changes have had positive effects, such as creating a relatively reliable and
inexpensive domestic food supply, industrial-scale agriculture supported by
government subsidies generates an array of negative externalities. Prominent
[*4]  among these are environmental degradation and the disintegration of
economic and social conditions in rural communities. n5

   In recent years, consumer demand for local and regional agricultural products
has surged, stimulating a market-based response by farmers and supply chains to
source products in a more localized manner. However, many farmers, particularly
small producers, face obstacles such as an overly complex regulatory scheme and
a dearth of processing and distribution infrastructure needed to support local
and regional food system initiatives. n6 Beneficial changes in federal programs,
however, have begun to emerge. The most recent Farm Bill - the Food,
Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 - expanded and established new funding
opportunities intended to support the growth of local food systems.

   This article will discuss the array of federal programs designed to rekindle
a more locally focused food supply chain within the context of this increased
consumer demand for local and sustainable products. Section I seeks to define
what is meant by the term "local food" and explores the motivations of the local
food movement, specifically, aspects of environmental altruism, rural
development and social justice. Section II analyzes these motivations within the
framework of other sustainability initiatives in the agricultural context. Often
the underlying motivations of these two movements - local foods and
sustainability - intersect, but as is discussed below, there are significant,
although not necessarily irreconcilable, differences between the two models. In
this section the emergence of sustainability and local food provisions within
federal and state legislation are also discussed. Section III explores the
impact of this legislative array on the growth of local and regional food
systems. Section IV concludes with a discussion and initial recommendation of
how to better align the local food movement within the broader sustainability
agenda of future legislative efforts.

   I. The Local Food Movement

 During the last decade, many Americans have become increasingly interested in
thinking about what they eat and about the health and environmental consequences
of the American food system. As the local food movement has gained recognition,
ating local, adopting the 100 Mile Diet, or being a "locavore" have gained a
place in popular discourse. . While some have described the local food movement
as a relatively recent phenomenon, n7  [*5]  the roots of the movement date back
decades, sprouting from the organic and health food movements of the 1970s. n8

   The local foods movement confronts numerous challenges as it strives to
implement a massive overhaul of the American food system. Advocates involved in
the movement have differing motives and goals, and as the movement grows in
popularity, advocates are still struggling to form a cohesive movement with a
clear set of policy goals and recommendations. One of the continuing challenges
for local food advocates is the vagueness of the term "local." Rather than
settle on a single definition, most legislation and policy documents - at least
at the federal level - simply define local within the context of a specific
document, resulting in conflicting definitions and consumer confusion. These
inconsistent definitions further add to the challenge of a robust discussion of
local food policy.

   A. What Is Local Food?

 The definition of local food has been debated extensively throughout academic
literature. n9 The primary challenge with defining local is that, as a spatial
term, it is a poor descriptor of what many local food advocates seek -
connections to farmers, environmental sustainability, and healthy foods.

   Deciding where one spatial scale ends and where the next begins has proven to
be challenging in the local foods context. State and federal statutes and
regulations define local food based on political borders or the geographical
location of where the food is grown and marketed. States typically define local
food as food grown within state borders. n10 The Farm Bill blurs the distinction
between local and regional via a collective definition of local and regional
foods as foods grown within 400 miles or the same state in which it is marketed.
n11 In a country with states of vastly different sizes, 400 miles can be one
state or an entire region. For instance, California is 770 miles long and 250
miles wide. On the east coast, however, a 400 mile radius includes the group of
states that are commonly referred to as the New England Region.

   Similarly, many grocery stores, restaurants, and farmers' markets have
developed their own local food definitions. These private or quasi-private (in
the form of farmers' markets) entities typically base the definition of local on
geographical  [*6]  distance or state borders. n12 Whole Foods, for example,
designates products as local if the products have traveled seven hours or less
by car or truck. n13 Individual Whole Foods stores can create more stringent
criteria, and according to the retailer, "most stores have established even
shorter maximum distances." n14 Similarly, Safeway determined that local foods
are those that travel eight hours or less, whereas Kroger defines local food as
grown in the same state or within the same region. n15 While the precise
definitions vary, many of them appear to have been arbitrarily decided without
much serious thought as to what consumers may view as local.

   Local food could just as easily, however, be defined by qualities other than
distance and political boundaries. For example, surveys have reported that
consumers have a variety of motivations for purchasing local food but have
consistently found that consumers buy local foods because of their interest in
sustainable or organic farming practices and a desire to support their
community's local economy. n16 Numerous definitions that address how and by whom
food is produced, distributed, and marketed have been suggested as a more
accurate demarcation of the bounds of a local food system. n17 One popular view
asserts that local foods "are rooted in particular places, aim to be
economically viable for farmers and consumers, use economically sound production
and distribution practices, and enhance social equity and democracy for all
members of the community." n18 In other words, the concept of local foods
centers on direct marketing, and a definition should therefore account for the
social proximity between  [*7]  producers and consumers, rather than rest solely
on spatial considerations. n19

   While some may argue that harping on the need to define local food is
unnecessary, it would behoove the local food movement to establish what they
mean by local food for two practical reasons. First, the word local has no
inherent meaning. It is a human construct that possesses whatever meaning is
given to it. Local food advocates or policymakers cannot simply dwell on the
word in hopes of discovering what its real meaning is. If the local food
movement fails to coalesce around a generally accepted definition, someone else
will (most likely the commercial-scale grocery sector), with the result unlikely
to be what grass-roots advocates had in mind. For example, in the absence of a
definition of local, Wal-mart stores are able to advertise commodity crops
retailed within the state in which they were grown as local, leading to charges
that that the company is "doing industrial local." n20

   Second, the act of attempting to define local food is an opportunity to
analyze if "local" is the best term for measuring or describing what the overall
goals of the local food movement are. As noted above, local is a spatial term
that exists alongside regional, national, and global constructs. The question is
whether the concept of local foods should be solely about selling foods that are
grown at a particular area or if it is prudent to include goals related to
broader sustainable agricultural practices - practices that incorporate
environmental, economic, and social sustainability considerations.

   B. Identifying the Goals of the Local Food Movement

 A variety of concerns have been articulated by local food advocates - both
academic and lay - and many of these concerns arise from dissatisfaction with
the national organic standard and the increasing dominance of large
corporations, such as Archer Daniels Midland (ADM), Coca-Cola, Dole, Heinz,
ConAgra, and Kraft, in the organic market. n21 Local food systems are seen as an
appealing strategy for moving beyond organics to achieve sustainable food
systems. n22 While ideas about what a sustainable food system should look like
vary, the concept addresses three primary areas: environmental degradation,
economic development in local communities, and access to healthy foods. The
following sections briefly discuss these issues.

[*8]

   1. Environmentally Sound Food Systems

 The most widespread concern among local foods advocates is the relationship
between industrial agriculture and environmental degradation. In the United
States, agriculture accounts for approximately sixteen percent of total energy
consumption, energy which is primarily derived from burning fossil fuels that
emit carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases. n23 Tilling practices and
monocropping have contributed to a decline in soil fertility and exacerbated
soil erosion. For example, ninety percent of cropland in the United States is
losing soil faster than the replacement rate, causing the U.S. to lose one inch
of topsoil every sixteen years. n24 In 2001, researchers estimated that soil
erosion costs the United States $ 37.6 billion annually in productivity losses.
n25 Moreover, agriculture runoff is a substantial and ongoing contributor to
water quality problems. Nitrogen loading in the Mississippi River and Chesapeake
Bay watersheds has contributed to ecological dead zones in the Gulf of Mexico
and the Chesapeake Bay. n26 Frustrated with the environmental challenges of
post-modern industrial agriculture and the perceived failure of federal
regulations to adequately address the problems, environmental advocates have
looked to local foods as a way to promote a more environmentally sustainable
agricultural system.

   If a sustainable food system must be environmentally sound, how does one
determine what constitutes a sustainable or environmentally sound agricultural
system? n27 Not surprisingly, opinions abound on this topic. Human-centric
definitions envision agricultural sustainability as a measure of the
productivity of the human environment and the environment's capacity to rebound
from stresses and avoid collapse while maintaining output. n28 In 1987 the World
Commission on Environment and Development (The Brundtland Commission) provided
the most widely cited definition, defining sustainable development  [*9]  as
development that "meets the needs of the present without compromising the
ability of future generations to meet their own needs." n29 Others have asserted
more bio-centric definitions that describe sustainable farming systems as one
that maintains the long-term ecological and biological integrity of natural
resources. n30

   2. Economic Development in Local Communities

 Local food advocates also describe a sustainable food system as a system with
the capacity to sustain economically viable livelihoods for farmers. Critics
argue that engaging in more environmentally benign agricultural practices may
result in increased production costs, and regardless of consequences, farmers
still must generate a profit to remain in business. n31 Local food advocates
counter that small and mid-sized farms that sell directly to consumers or to
schools, restaurants, and governmental institutions are more profitable per acre
as farmers retain a larger share of the sale price. n32 In a 2011 report, USDA's
Economic Research Service reported that local vegetable, fruit, and nut farms
generate higher gross sales per acre than commodity crop or livestock farms, n33
but also noted that farmers who market local foods spend more time engaging in
farming activities and earn seventeen percent less, on average, in off-farm
income. n34

   A more localized food system also may have positive economic effects on local
economies. n35 Researchers have found that buying locally can support the local
economy by stimulating development in rural areas, n36 directing a larger share
of revenue to farmers by eliminating multiple distribution layers, n37 and,
perhaps  [*10]  most critically, facilitating import substitution: replacing
food produced nationally or internationally with more local alternatives. n38
Other studies have found that each dollar spent at farmers' markets in Iowa
generated fifty-eight cents in induced n39 and indirect n40 income in the
surrounding community, and that each full-time equivalent job created by a
farmers' market supported almost half of an additional full-time equivalent job
in other sectors of the economy. n41

   2. Social Justice

 Lastly, local food advocates tend to associate sustainable food systems with
practices that are socially just. n42 Supporters for alternative agricultural
practices, particularly organic and fair trade labeling, have long been critical
of industrial agriculture for disproportionately exposing minorities and
low-income individuals to dangerous working conditions n43 and low wages. n44 As
large-scale producers have acquired a greater share of the organic industry,
some have expressed concerns over the replication of labor conditions found in
conventional agriculture. n45 It is important to note that organic certification
under USDA's National Organic Program does not include standards for labor
practices. n46

   Advocates of local food systems further assert that local food systems can
remedy other social justice issues such as  [*11]  food deserts in urban areas
and the high cost of fruits and vegetables. n47 Higher rates of obesity and
chronic diet-related diseases in low income neighborhoods present similar social
justice issues. One strand of thought within the local food movement is to
improve health by increasing access to healthy foods to low-income individuals
in the urban core. n48

   While some view sustainable food systems as a means to address environmental
degradation, economic development, or social justice, others envision
sustainability in a more holistic form. For instance, a panel from the Board on
Science and Technology for International Development of the National Research
Council (NRC) established a four part description of sustainable agricultural
systems. A sustainable farming system (1) maintains the long-term ecological and
biological integrity of natural resources, (2) is an integral part of a nation's
economic development strategy, (3) "provides ample economic returns for farmers,
and farm-related industries to support investments in farm production activities
such as conservation tillage, planting, and ongoing resource conservation
practices," and (4) contributes to the health and vitality of rural agricultural
communities. n49 As analyzed below, recent efforts to shift agriculture toward a
more sustainable system have focused on providing incentives to voluntarily
change production practices and supply chain arrangement through certification
programs and financial incentives, both public and private, rather than via
government mandate such as the Swampbuster n50 and Sodbuster n51 provisions in
past farm legislation.

   II. Voluntary and Incentive-Based Methods for Achieving Sustainable Food
Systems

 For local food advocates desiring to move beyond organics and establish
sustainable food systems, determining how to create local and sustainable food
systems has remained elusive. Currently, in the absence of a widespread
understanding of what local food systems should look like, there are many ad hoc
efforts being made to achieve competing visions of local and sustainable food
systems. The following  [*12]  sections analyze three variations: the private
sector (including NGO) development of sustainable agricultural standards,
federal incentive programs embedded within farm bill legislation and, more
recently, state-level initiatives to capture economic returns from local food
production and processing.

   A. Sustainable Agricultural Certification Standards

 Despite the ongoing debates surrounding what sustainability looks like, various
sustainability standards for agriculture are emerging. Certification to a
standard is "the process whereby an independent third-party assesses the quality
of management in relation to" n52 an established set of "rules, guidelines, or
characteristics for activities or their results." n53 The emerging standards
discussed below are performance based, relying on best management practices to
achieve primarily environmental goals, such as erosion prevention and
preservation of biodiversity. Some standards, however, also incorporate economic
sustainability along with social and food quality goals, such as safe workplaces
and elimination of pesticide residues and contaminants in foods. n54

   Although initially slow to develop, particularly in the United States,
several private organizations are formulating sustainability tools for
agriculture, including the Stewardship Index for Specialty Crops, the Leonardo
Academy's Sustainable Agriculture Standard (an American National Standards
Institute (ANSI) process), and the Scientific Certification Systems Sustainable
Agriculture Practice Standard. n55 A brief description of each standard follows.

   1. Stewardship Index for Specialty Crops

 The Stewardship Index for Specialty Crops is a set of outcome-based metrics
intended to enable operators at any point along the supply chain to self-monitor
performance. n56 Rather than provide a standard that identifies a particular
level of performance as actually sustainable, the project serves as a tool for
measuring sustainable outcomes to promote the broader implementation of
sustainable values in terms of people, planet, and profit. n57 As of this
writing, workgroups for each metric are determining specific elements to include
in each issue and measurement options. For example, the  [*13]  planet category
will measure air quality, biodiversity and ecosystems, energy use, GHG
emissions, nutrients, packaging, pesticides, soils, waste, water quality, and
water use issues. Under people, the Index will measure human resources and
community issues, such as worker health and safety, along with local sourcing
and hiring practices. n58

   2. Scientific Certification Systems and Leonardo Academy

 After analyzing the different sustainable agricultural programs in operation,
in 2003, Scientific Certification Systems (SCS) began developing the SCS
Sustainable Agriculture Practice Standard and launched an initiative to develop
a voluntary national standard for sustainable agriculture through ANSI. n59 The
purpose of the SCS Sustainable Agriculture Practice Standard was to create a
comprehensive set of environmental, social, and quality requirements for
demonstrating that an "agricultural product has been produced and handled in a
sustainable manner, from soil preparation and seed planting through production,
harvest, post-harvest handling, and distribution for sale." n60 The proposed
standard contained eight key elements of sustainability: "sustainable crop
production, ecosystem protection, resource conservation and energy efficiency,
integrated waste management, fair labor practices, community benefits, product
quality, and product safety and purity." n61 For advocates of local food
systems, the SCS Standard was notable for its inclusion of guidelines and
requirements for agricultural producers regarding their relationship to local
communities. n62 Certification under the SCS standard required producers to
assess their environmental impact on local and regional communities, seek
cooperative strategies for minimizing their impacts on areas of historical,
religious, or cultural interest, and implement improvement strategies. n63
Additionally, the standard credited producers for supporting local communities
through charitable giving and assisting with the maintenance of community
infrastructure, as well as preferential hiring and procurement. n64 Finally, the
proposed standard required producers to demonstrate economic viability, defined
as financially able to operate in accordance with the management plan without
compromising environmental protection and social sustainability objectives. n65

    [*14]  The SCS standard is not an operationalized certification standard.
Rather, it is being used as a resource in the development of an ANSI standard
for sustainable agriculture administered by the Leonardo Academy. n66 The
purpose of the Leonardo Academy Sustainable Agriculture Standard is to encourage
the adoption of environmentally responsible, socially just, and economically
viable agricultural production and handling practices by creating "a
comprehensive, continuous improvement framework and common set of economic,
environmental and social metrics." n67 Started in 2009, Leonardo Academy seeks
to develop a national standard that will support producer "efforts to adopt
sustainable production practices, establishing a framework for continuous
improvement along the agricultural supply chain." n68

   Although both Leonardo Academy and the Stewardship Index for Specialty Crops
have made significant advances in developing principles, criteria, and metrics
for agricultural sustainability, much work remains to be done before
operationalizing a certification system for sustainable agricultural production.
Furthermore, in neither system do local foods have an inherent advantage. In
contrast, recent initiatives at the federal and state level include explicit
preferences for local food, in addition to other sustainability programs.

   B. The Emergence of Sustainability and Local Food Systems in the Farm Bill
and Related Federal Programs

 Farming in the United States has changed dramatically during the past 100
years. Although small family farms still account for ninety-one percent of all
agricultural operations, approximately ninety-eight percent of the food
purchased by consumers is produced by multinational agribusinesses. n69 Between
1935 and 2002, the total number of U.S. farms declined by seventy percent, while
the total acreage of all farms remained the same - a consequence of
consolidation with larger farms purchasing or renting the land of their smaller
neighbors. Farm bill provisions intended to stabilize prices and control
production of commodity crops provided significant incentives for the
industrialization of farming. n70 Although throughout the years the farm bill
[*15]  provisions underwent numerous changes, such as the policy shift from
controlling production to promoting an increase in production and consumption,
its focus remained almost exclusively on commodity crops until the Food Security
Act of 1985, when Congress inserted a new conservation title and allocated
funding for sustainable agriculture research and new conservation programs,
including Sodbuster, Swampbuster, and Conservation Compliance, and the
Conservation Reserve Program (CRP). n71 Five years later, the Food, Agriculture,
Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 established the Wetlands Reserve Program
(WRP). n72

   The two largest conservation programs, the CRP n73 and WRP, provided
financial incentives to producers to take agricultural lands out of production.
n74 During the next twenty-five years, Congress established several smaller
conservation programs for "working land" that provided incentives for farmers to
voluntarily embed conservation practices in their farming operations. n75
Although encouraging environmental stewardship, critics fault this suite of
incentives for failing to adequately addressing the underlying environmental
problems associated with industrial agriculture, primarily because the CRP and
WRP do  [*16]  not require agricultural management practices. n76

   The 2008 Farm Bill, in a change from previous iterations, included numerous
programs intended to facilitate the development of local food systems in order
to promote local economies and increase access to fruits and vegetables for low
income individuals in urban and rural food deserts. By passing a new version of
the Farm Bill in 2012, Congress will extend the long succession of federal
legislation designed to achieve conflicting objectives - providing income
security to farmers, increasing production of commodity crops, addressing the
environmental consequences of agriculture, increasing consumption of commodity
crops, and addressing nutrition concerns. n77

   As noted above, the 1985 Farm Bill authorized sustainable agriculture
research, and four years later USDA created the Low-Impact Sustainable
Agriculture Program, later renamed the Sustainable Agriculture Research and
Education Program. n78 Until the 1990 Farm Bill, however, sustainable
agriculture received little attention. The Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and
Trade Act of 1990 provided the first statutory definition of sustainable
agriculture, declaring that sustainable agriculture is:



    an integrated system of plant and animal production practices having a
site-specific application that will, over the long-term - (A) satisfy human food
and fiber needs; (B) enhance environmental quality and the natural resource base
upon which the agriculture economy depends; (C) make the most efficient use of
nonrenewable resources and on-farm resources and integrate, where appropriate,
natural biological cycles and controls; (D) sustain the economic viability of
farm operations; and (E) enhance the quality of life for farmers and society as
a whole. n79



    More recently, the 2008 Farm Bill provided several programs to facilitate
development of sustainable, local and regional food systems, falling into the
following categories: (1) increasing production or improving infrastructure, (2)
increasing consumer demand, and (3) easing regulatory barriers. This Section
briefly introduces each category of programs, summarizes significant examples,
and highlights the most important changes that are anticipated in the 2012 Farm
Bill under the proposed Local Farms, Food, and Jobs Act n80 and the Beginning
Farmer and Rancher Opportunity Act. n81

   Programs Aimed at Increasing Production and Improving Infrastructure

    [*17]  The Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 added several new
programs and amended existing programs to facilitate the expansion of local and
regional food systems. Collectively, these programs strive to increase the
production and sale of local and regional foods by providing funding to small
farm businesses and developing the necessary infrastructure.

   a. Value-Added Producer Grant Program

 The Value-Added Producer Grant Program (VAPG) is intended to facilitate the
processing and marketing of value-added agricultural products by providing
planning and working capital grants to agricultural producers. n82 USDA
regulations define a "value-added" product as any agricultural commodity that
(1) has undergone a change in physical state, was produced or physically
segregated in a manner that enhances it value, or was aggregated and marketed as
locally produced, and (2) the above resulted in expansion of the customer base
with the producer receiving a greater portion of revenue. n83 Planning grants
provide funds to develop business plans or perform feasibility studies to
establish viable marketing opportunities for value-added agricultural products,
while working capital grants assist with acquiring working capital to operate a
value-added agricultural product business venture. n84 The inclusion of mid-tier
value chains n85 in the 2008 Farm Bill as entities eligible for funding under
VAPG Program benefited small and mid-sized farms and ranches that were too small
to profitably engage in high volume commodity production, but too large or
remote for direct-to-consumer marketing. n86

   The 2008 act authorized $ 15 million in mandatory funding and an
appropriation of $ 40 million for each fiscal year between 2008 and 2012. n87
The actual amount available through the program doubled between fiscal years
2009 and 2011. In 2009 the Rural Business Cooperative Service announced the
availability of $ 18 million in grant funding, but awarded 191 grants totaling $
22.4 million. n88  [*18]  In 2011 Congress increased the amount of grant funding
available to $ 37 million. n89 Congress additionally directed USDA on how to
allocate part of the program's funding. The Rural Business Cooperative Service
must reserve ten percent of the funds for projects that benefit beginning or
socially disadvantaged farmers or ranchers and an additional ten percent for
funding mid-tier value chain projects. n90 Although agency regulations encourage
businesses of all sizes to apply, the Rural-Business-Cooperative Service has
given priority to mid-tier value chains, beginning or socially disadvantaged
farmers and ranchers, and operators of small and medium-sized farms and ranches
n91 structured as family farms. n92

   A provision included in the Local Farms, Food, and Jobs Act proposal for the
2012 Farm Bill renews mandatory VAPG funding at $ 30 million a year. n93 The
bill also proposes retaining priority for projects that benefit beginning
farmers and ranchers and renewing the mandatory ten percent reservation of
funding for beginning farmers and ranchers as well as mid-tier value chains. n94
The proposal also broadens the reach of the beginning farmer and rancher
programs by clarifying that only a quarter of the beneficiaries of a program
need to be beginning farmers or ranchers. In a shift from prior policy, projects
that benefit socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers would no longer receive
priority or a portion of the reserved funding. n95 Instead, the proposal
includes language that directs USDA to engage in "special outreach" in
underserved states and areas. n96

   b. Local and Regional Food Enterprise Guaranteed Loans Program

 In response to the increased demand for locally and regionally produced foods
and the difficulties that producers in many parts of the country have finding or
establishing markets, processing channels, and distribution channels, the 2008
Farm Bill created a new loan and loan guarantee authority for local and regional
food enterprises under the Business  [*19]  and Industry Loan Program. n97 The
purpose of the new program is to facilitate the development of business and
employment opportunities in rural areas by bolstering the private credit market
through federal guarantees. n98 The Local and Regionally Produced Agricultural
Food Products Subprogram is tailored to facilitate the development of
communities, particularly underserved communities, n99 and improve farm and
ranch incomes by supporting development of local food systems. n100 Under the
Subprogram, the Rural Development Branch of USDA may issue or guarantee loans to
individuals, businesses, cooperatives, and other entities "to establish and
facilitate enterprises that process, distribute, aggregate, store, and market
locally or regionally produced agricultural food products." n101

   The program is intended to be particularly beneficial to small farm business
owners. Many retail grocers and institutions need high volumes of local and
regional food and prefer the efficiency of contracting with a single producer,
but because individual small farms often cannot meet such a demand, institutions
generally contract with medium and large farms. n102 Opportunities to sell to
intermediated outlets such as retail grocers, regional distributors, and
institutions, however, are particularly advantageous relative to
direct-to-consumer sales as farmers need not spend valuable time engaged in
multiple consumer interactions. The Local and Regionally Produced Agricultural
Food Products Subprogram attempts to address this problem by creating
opportunities for small farmers to work with distributors, retail outlets and
institutions to provide more robust marketing channels for locally  [*20]  and
regionally produced foods. n103 A unique feature of the program is that it
requires recipients of a loan or loan guarantee to inform consumers that they
are purchasing or consuming locally or regionally produced agricultural food
products. n104 The proposed Local Farms, Food, and Jobs Act of the 2012 Farm
Bill would broaden the scope of the loan program to include both rural and
non-rural retail facilities that sell locally and/or regionally produced
agricultural products.

   Under the current program, loans are available primarily to individuals or
entities in rural areas, n105 but cooperatives may receive grants for
value-added processing facilities in non-rural areas if the facility provides
employment opportunities and assists agricultural producers within an eighty
mile radius of the facility. n106 The proposal for the 2012 Farm Bill removes
the eighty mile radius requirement, and funds projects that benefit agricultural
producers and provide employment opportunities for residents of rural areas
regardless of their proximity to the facility.

   c. Farmers' Market Promotion Program

 Congress created the Farmer's Market Promotion Program through an amendment of
the Farmer-to-Consumer Direct Marketing Act of 1976. The purpose was to increase
domestic consumption of agricultural commodities purchased from direct farm
businesses, such as new farmers markets, roadside stands, community-supported
agriculture programs, and agri-tourism activities, by providing funding to
create, expand, and promote direct producer-to-consumer marketing channels. n107
Eligible entities include agricultural cooperatives, producer networks, producer
associations, local governments, nonprofit corporations, public benefit
corporations, economic development corporations, regional farmers' market
authorities, and tribal governments. n108 Congress directed program funding "to
assist in organizing, marketing, training, business plan development, community
outreach and education, and other associated activities designed to establish or
improve direct marketing opportunities for farmers and ranchers." n109

   During the 2010 and 2011 grant cycles, USDA gave priority to projects that
[*21]  increased the availability of healthy food n110 in food deserts in urban
and rural areas. n111 Projects received additional priority if they were located
in one of USDA-identified food desert census tracts n112 or a low-income area
with at least a twenty percent poverty rate. n113

   Recognizing that direct farm marketing activities offer important economic
opportunities for farmers and ranchers, the 2008 Farm Bill increased the
program's funding. It provided $ 3 million for fiscal year 2008, $ 5 million for
2009 and 2010, and $ 10 million for 2011 and 2012. n114 In light of the growing
role that farmers' markets and CSAs play in providing access to fresh, healthy,
and local foods, the Bill mandated that USDA spend at least ten percent of the
program's budget to support the use of electronic benefits transfer systems at
farmers' markets. n115 The Local Farms, Food, and Jobs Act proposal for the 2012
Farm Bill hopes to increase the Farmers' Market Promotion Program's mandatory
funding to $ 30 million per fiscal year. n116 Additionally, the proposal creates
a new subsection to provide grants for supporting local and regional food
systems, including processing, distributing, aggregating, storing, and
marketing. n117

   d. Community Food Project Grants Program

 The 2008 Farm Bill also established the Community Food Project Grants Program
(CFPGP), which seeks to increase underserved communities n118 access to healthy,
affordable foods, including locally produced agricultural products. n119 The
five million dollar program awards grants to projects that need "a 1-time
contribution of Federal assistance to become self-sustaining" and are designed
to: meet the food needs of low-income individuals; increase the self-reliance of
communities to meet their food needs; promote comprehensive responses to local
farm, food, and nutrition issues; meet specific neighborhood, local, or state
agriculture  [*22]  needs, including infrastructure development and improvement,
long-term solution planning, and marketing activities that mutually benefit
agricultural producers and low-income consumers. n120

   Although private non-profit organizations may receive funding directly,
Congress directed priority to projects that develop links between profit and
non-profit food system sectors or projects that encourage "multisystem,
interagency approaches with multi-stakeholder collaborations." n121 As part of
the CFPGP, the 2008 Farm Bill also established the Healthy Urban Food Enterprise
Development Center, which provides sub-grants to eligible entities that process,
distribute, aggregate, store, and market healthy and affordable foods. n122 In
awarding sub-grants, the Center allocates priority to projects that benefit
underserved communities and develop market opportunities for small and
medium-sized farm and ranch operations. n123 A proposal for the 2012 Farm Bill
seeks to increase the annual mandatory funding from $ 5 million to $ 10 million
and increase the maximum term of grants from three years to five years. n124

   e. Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program

 The Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program provides grants to
regional, state, and local networks and partnerships for programs that provide
education, extension, outreach, and technical assistance initiatives for
beginning farmers and ranchers. n125 The program especially targets
collaborative networks and partnerships that support financial and
entrepreneurial training, mentoring, and apprenticeship programs, as well as
"land link" programs that connect retiring farmers with new farmers; innovative
farm transfer and transition practices; and education, outreach, and curriculum
development activities to assist beginning farmers and ranchers. The 2008 Farm
Bill provided the program with first-time mandatory funding of $ 75 million,
with an additional $ 30 million a year authorized for appropriations, n126 and
set aside twenty-five percent of annual funding for projects that benefit
socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers, which include minority, immigrant,
and women farmers and ranchers, as well as farmworkers desiring to become farm
owners. n127 As a result of these funding opportunities, many land grant
university extension programs have launched  [*23]  beginning farmer and rancher
education programs. n128

   1. Programs Aimed at Increasing Demand

 In addition to several efforts, both direct and indirect, to facilitate
production of local food, the federal government has sought to increase demand
by incorporating local food provisions into federal nutritional programs and
encouraging the public to actively participate in the development of local and
regional food systems through the "Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food" initiative.
In its effort to increase consumption of local and regional foods, Congress made
changes to three federal programs: the Senior Farmers' Market Nutrition Program,
n129 the Women, Infant, and Children Farmers' Market Nutrition Program, n130 and
the Farm-to-School Program. n131

   Under the Farmers' Market Nutrition programs, the federal government provides
grants to state governments to provide qualifying low-income seniors and women
with coupons to purchase fresh, unprepared local fruits, vegetables, and herbs
at direct market outlets, including farmers' markets, roadside stands, and
community supported agriculture programs. n132 The 2008 Farm Bill increased the
mandatory funding for the Senior Farmers' Market Nutrition Program from $ 15
million to $ 20.6 million per year. The Women, Infants, and Children Farmers'
Market Nutrition Program received $ 19.96 million for the 2011 fiscal year.

   The Farm-to-School Program began in 1997 n133 as the Small Farms/School Meals
Initiative with the purpose of encouraging schools to purchase fresh fruits and
vegetables from small farms. n134 The Farm-to-School Program provides grants and
technical assistance to eligible schools, state and local agencies, agricultural
producers, and nonprofit entities to improve access to local foods in schools.
n135 Priority is given to programs that put local food products on school menus
and incorporate experiential nutrition education activities as a component of
farm and garden-based agricultural education  [*24]  activities. n136 The 2008
Farm Bill directed the Secretary of Agriculture to encourage institutions
operating Child Nutrition Programs to purchase unprocessed, locally produced
agricultural products. n137 The Healthy, Hungry-Free Kids Act of 2010 renewed
the Farm-to-School grant program and provided $ 5 million in mandatory funding.
n138

   With the assistance of Farm-to-School Tactical Teams to assist with the
development of farm-to-school projects and provide guidance to school
administrators and local farmers as they transition to serving locally grown
foods in schools, 2,305 school districts in forty-seven states have sucessfully
implemented the program. n139 Moreover, it continues to be seen as a way to
benefit all involved parties: children have healthier food options, small
farmers gain access to new markets with reduced transaction costs, and school
districts receive healthy foods at a lower cost.

   In 2009, USDA created the "Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food" (KYF2)
initiative with the mission of supporting local and regional food systems by
informing the public of the benefits of local and regional food systems and
connecting consumers with local and regional producers. USDA intended the
initiative to serve as a means to engage the public in creating and supporting
local and regional food systems. In a YouTube video announcing the launch of the
initiative, U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Vilsack stated that by supporting
local and regional food systems, Americans can use less energy to ship food
around the world, create new income activities for farmers, and generate wealth
that will stay in rural communities. n140 As a clearinghouse of information
about USDA programs, the KYF2 website is a useful research tool for the public.
Beyond the website itself, the utility of the initiative is unclear but likely
quite limited; as of this writing two years later, there is no office, staff, or
budget dedicated to the KYF2 program. n141

   2. Programs Aimed at Easing Regulatory Barriers

 For the majority of farmers engaging in direct sales to consumers, perhaps the
most beneficial component of the 2008 Farm Bill was provisions amending the
[*25]  Federal Meat Inspection Act n142 and the Poultry Products Inspection Act.
n143 Prior to the 2008 amendment, both Acts prohibited selling state-inspected
meat and poultry products across state lines. In contrast to meat and poultry,
state-inspected dairy, fruit, vegetable, and fish products could be sold across
state lines. Rather than eliminating the restriction altogether, the new
provision creates a voluntary cooperative program under which state-inspected
establishments with twenty-five or fewer employees are eligible to ship in meat
and poultry products beyond state borders. n144 The provision authorizes USDA to
appoint a state coordinator and select state-inspected meat and poultry
processing plants to participate in the new program. n145 Although state
employees will retain inspection responsibilities, the USDA state coordinator
will oversee training and inspection activities to ensure complete compliance
with all federal standards under the respective federal statutes. n146 If the
USDA state coordinator finds a facility in non-compliance, the coordinator must
deselect the facility or suspend inspection, thereby eliminating the ability to
engage in interstate sales. n147

   As of 2008, twenty-eight states had meat and poultry inspection programs that
inspected more than 2,000 state-inspected meat processors. n148 Providing
producers of state-inspected meat and poultry products access to interstate
marketing channels benefits small, family-owned processing businesses and small
farmers and ranchers who are often either not located near federally inspected
processing plants or are turned away due to the small size of their lots.

   It is too early to determine exactly how beneficial this regulatory change
will be for the broader local food movement. In May 2011, the Food Safety and
Inspection Service (FSIS) issued its final rule on amending the Federal Meat and
Poultry Products Inspection Regulations. n149

   C. State Initiatives

 The increased interest in local food systems by consumers and policy groups has
caught the attention of many state legislatures. Increased support among state
legislators for legislation in support of local foods can be attributed to
growing public concern regarding health and nutrition issues, such as obesity
and lack of access to fruits and vegetables in food deserts, as well as a desire
to improve state economies by increasing the amount of food dollars spent on
products  [*26]  grown, processed, and distributed in-state. Multiple states
have enacted legislation that facilitates the development of local food systems
and supports direct farm businesses and small farmers by creating local food
councils, passing cottage food bills, and increasing state procurement. Although
a full discussion of state measures is beyond the scope of this article, n150
the following section describes Illinois' efforts, one of the leading states
seeking to invigorate local food systems and recapture the economic benefits for
rural communities.

   In 2007, the Illinois General Assembly passed the Illinois Food, Farms, and
Jobs Act, declaring that Illinois "should be the Midwest Leader in local and
organic food and fiber production." n151 The Illinois General Assembly passed
the Act after finding that Illinois consumers spend $ 48 billion annually on
food, the majority of which is grown and produced outside of the state. n152 The
Act created the Illinois Local and Organic Food and Farm Task Force to develop
policy and funding recommendations for expanding and supporting the production
of local foods with the intention of creating jobs and promoting economic growth
in rural communities. The Task Force subsequently recommended the creation of an
Illinois Local Food, Farms, and Jobs Council to facilitate local farm and food
system development throughout the state. n153 The General Assembly responded and
established the Council in 2010 to "facilitate the growth of an Illinois-based
local farm and food product economy that revitalizes rural and urban
communities, promotes healthy eating with access to fresh foods, creates jobs,
ensures a readily available supply of safe food in an emergency event and
supports economic growth through making local farm or food products available to
all Illinois citizens." n154

   As a result of the Task Force's recommendations, the General Assembly
established state procurement goals for local food products in the Local Food,
Farms, and Jobs Act of 2009. n155 By 2020, twenty percent of the food purchases
made by state agencies and state-run facilities should be local farm and food
products, and ten percent of the food purchases made by entities that receive
state funding and spend more than $ 25,000 per year on food or food products
should be local  [*27]  farm and food products. n156 The Task Force has created
its own goal of capturing ten percent of Illinois consumers' food dollar
expenditures by 2010 and twenty percent by 2030. n157

   Following the lead of at least twenty-five other states, n158 Illinois took
an additional step to assist the development of direct-to-consumer sales of
local foods by passing the Local Food Entrepreneur and Cottage Food Operation
Act in August 2011. n159 By creating exemptions to certain health code
regulations, the Act increases the ability of small food producers and
entrepreneurs to enter the burgeoning local foods market. The exemption only
applies to cottage food operators whose annual gross receipts from sales of
cottage foods do not exceed $ 25,000. n160 Cottage food operators are defined as
persons "who produce or package non-potentially hazardous food in a kitchen of
that person's primary domestic residence for direct sale by the owner or a
family member, stored in the residence where the food is made." n161 The
exemption only applies if the cottage food processor is selling non-potentially
hazardous baked goods, jams or jellies, fruit butters, dried herbs, or dried tea
blends at farmers' markets, n162 the cottage foods are appropriately labeled,
n163 a placard at the point of sale informs consumers that the product was
produced in a home kitchen, n164 and the operator has an Illinois Food Service
Sanitation Manager Certificate and has registered with the proper local health
department. n165

   At the state level, procurement incentives, such as entity goals to purchase
a specified percentage of locally produced food, and regulatory relief for
small-scale entrepreneurs engaged in cottage food production, can provide
significant structural reform to support local food production. To date,
however, more complex sustainability provisions, such as environmental and/or
social justice criteria, have not been part of the legislative landscape.
Rather, states have focused on the economic returns to a more localized food
supply chain. n166

[*28]

   III. Are Government Programs Growing Local and Regional Foods?

 Local food advocates who seek change in the agricultural sector have been
turning to the federal and state governments to implement policy changes to
further the development of sustainable local and regional food systems. Despite
a variety of new programs and changes to existing programs, without a clear
definition of local and sustainable, as well as what comprises a small or
mid-sized farm, it is difficult to formulate a coherent policy strategy to make
substantial and lasting improvements in the sustainability of the nation's food
supply chain - including development of a robust local/regional food system.

   A. Local Food Sales: Direct and Intermediated Marketing Channels

 Measuring the effectiveness of the current policy mix in support of local food
system initiatives depends greatly on how the term is defined. If
direct-to-consumer marketing sales are separated from sales made through
intermediated marketing channels n167 and only direct-to-consumer sales are
treated as local food sales, the value and growth of the local foods market
sector substantially changes. Additionally, if stakeholders define local food
systems to only include sales from small and medium-sized farms, the
effectiveness of current policies also changes.

   The 2008 Agricultural Resource Management Survey estimated that gross sales
of local foods sold through direct-to-consumer and intermediated marketing
channels represent 1.9 percent of all farm sales. n168 The most visible form of
local foods, direct-to-consumer sales, however, comprised less than one percent
of total farm sales. Sales through intermediated marketing channels account for
up to seventy-five percent of the value of all local foods. n169 Accordingly,
the value of the local foods sector substantially decreases if intermediated
marketing channels are not included in the definition of local food systems.

   Researchers frequently assert that there has been substantial growth in
direct-to-consumer sales in the last decade. Timmons and Wang, for example,
reported direct-to-consumer sales grew by fifty-nine percent between 1997 and
2007. n170 Others have warned against drawing such conclusions due to the
paucity of data available on direct-to-consumer sales during the past thirty
[*29]  years. n171 The USDA Census of Agriculture included data on
direct-to-consumer sales in 1982, did not include it in the 1987 Census, and
then resumed measuring including direct-to-consumer sales in 1992. n172
According to the 1982 Census of Agriculture, 143,492 farms engaged in
direct-to-consumer sales. n173 Total sales for direct-to-consumer goods were
over $ 500 million and represented 0.4 percent of all agricultural sales. Ten
years later, the number of farms participating in direct marketing had decreased
to 86,432, with total sales falling to just over $ 400 million, or approximately
0.3 percent of all agricultural sales. n174 The number of farms engaged in
direct marketing rose to 136,817 in 2007. n175 Direct-to-consumer sales reached
$ 1.2 billion and represented 0.4 percent of agricultural sales. n176 While
there has been resurgence in direct marketing in the last twenty years, the
current number of farms participating in direct marketing is still slightly
below the 1982 peak. Inflation adjusted sales may have been slightly higher in
2007 than 1982, but in both years, sales of direct marketed goods accounted for
the same percentage of all agricultural sales. n177

   Local food advocates and government officials seeking to facilitate local and
regional food systems need to consider this historical trend as they develop new
plans and policies. The popularity of direct marketing in 1982 has been
attributed to the Federal Direct Marketing Program under the Farmer-to-Consumer
Direct Marketing Act of 1976. n178 If this explanation is correct, then the
changes to the Act and other similar programs under the 2008 Farm Bill may lead
to a similar increase in direct marketing sales. The primary problem, however,
may not be achieving an increase in direct marketing sales similar to 1982, but
in maintaining a consistent number of farms engaging in direct marketing and a
steady supply of consumers interested in purchasing local and regional foods.
From an economic sustainability perspective, it is important to consider the
degree of turnover in the farms engaged in direct marketing and local sales.
Aggregate numbers provided by the USDA's Census provide a measure of the scale,
but not the durability of a direct marketing business strategy.

   Moreover, without data on the number of farms engaged in direct marketing
prior to 1982, it is hard to explain the 1982 peak, relative to later years. The
Farmer to Consumer Direct Marketing Act may explain the popularity of direct
marketing in 1982 and the decline seen in 1992. The Farmer to Consumer Direct
[*30]  Marketing Act of 1976 authorized $ 3 million to fund initiatives that
developed and expanded direct marketing of agricultural commodities as part of
the Federal Direct Marketing Program. n179 In fiscal year 1978, Congress
appropriated only $ 1.5 million to administer these programs and an additional $
0.5 million to conduct a survey of direct marketing methods. The Federal Direct
Marketing Program, however, expired after the 1980 growing season. n180

   B. The Role of Farm Size in Marketing Channels

 According to the Economic Research Service (ERS), small farms account for
eighty-one percent of all farms reporting local food sales, with medium and
large farms accounting for seventeen and five percent, respectively. n181 Small
farms primarily rely on direct-to-consumer marketing channels, accounting for
fifty-nine percent of the farms engaged in direct marketing, and earn, on
average, $ 7,800 annually in local food sales. n182 Although the majority of
sales by small farms are through direct-to-consumer outlets, twenty-two percent
of sales are through intermediated outlets. n183 Medium-sized farms averaged $
70,000 annually in local food sales, and sold approximately seventy percent of
their food through direct-to-consumer outlets with the remaining thirty percent
sold through intermediated outlets. n184 Large-sized farms, however, averaged $
770,000 annually in local food sales and accounted for over ninety percent of
sales generated exclusively through intermediated marketing channels. n185
Accordingly, large-sized farms sell more food through intermediated outlets
overall than small and medium-sized farms, but there is a substantial difference
between sales to regional distributors and to grocers and restaurants. Large
farms sell twenty-one percent of their food to regional distributors. n186 By
comparison, small farms sell just under five percent, and medium-sized farms
sell just over three percent of their food to regional distributors. n187 Sales
to restaurants and grocery outlets provide a different picture. Medium-sized
farms have the highest percentage of sales to grocers and restaurants, selling
twenty-six percent of their food. n188 Large farms sell less than twenty-four
percent, and small farms sell seventeen percent of their food to grocers and
restaurants.

   Interpreting the significance of this data in relation to the Farm Bill
provisions  [*31]  intended to facilitate the development of mid-tier value
chains is tricky since the Farm Bill programs and the ERS Report use different
definitions of small, medium, and large farms. Under the Farm Bill, a small farm
is an entity with less than $ 250,000 in gross annual sales, a medium sized farm
has gross annual sales between $ 250,001 and $ 1,000,000, and a large farm is
generates gross annual sales over $ 1,000,000. n189 ERS relies on a
substantially different definition. It defines small farms as operations with
gross annual sales below $ 50,000, medium sized farms fall between $ 50,000 and
$ 250,000 in annual sales, with large farms more than $ 250,000. n190

   The direct marketing sector includes more than smaller sized farms; it
includes farms of diverse sizes. This data should be used to design national and
state policies on local food systems. But, should assistance and policy focus on
the larger farms that probably could most easily expand or on attempting to
mover smaller farms into the mid-tier level? The answer depends not only on how
local food is defined, but the underlying motivations for expanding the local
food system. Do advocates of local foods seek to expand this market as a means
to foster rural development and increase farm income? Is so, then a positive
policy outcome would be a shift toward increased numbers of medium and large
farms selling into intermediated markets. On the other hand, if local food
advocates seek a more sustainable production system that incorporates
environmental, social, and economic considerations, as well as greater personal
interactions between farmer and consumer, then desired policy may be a series of
incentives to support small-scale farm operations rather than moving local foods
to a more industrial scale.

   C. Problems with the Farm Bill

 Despite the lack of a clear policy goal, USDA continues to award a potpourri of
Farm Bill funded grants with limited programmatic success. Individual grants
undoubtedly have helped to develop marketing channels to make local foods more
widely available to consumers. For example, through the Value-Added Producer
Grant Program, USDA awarded 191 grants that totaled $ 22.4 million in 2009, and
the amount available under the program has doubled between 2009 and 2011. n191
Individual grants for 2009 ranged from $ 3,962 to the statutory maximum of $
300,000. n192 An example of the types of programs funded include a $ 150,000
grant to a small farm to brand and expand their marketing from forty to sixty
restaurants and grocery stores. The  [*32]  Local and Regional Food System
Enterprise Guaranteed Loans Program announced the availability of $ 49.7 million
in funding for fiscal year 2011 and $ 41.1 million for fiscal year 2012. An
example of the types of programs funded include a dairy processing facility that
received a loan for $ 650,000 to purchase an adjacent property to expand it
operation to meet growing demand. As of October 2011, the Farmers' Market
Promotion Program had awarded a total of $ 23 million in grants to farmers'
markets across the country to support direct-to-consumer marketing and local
food projects. The Program awarded $ 9.2 million in grants in fiscal year 2011.
n193 USDA awarded grants to organizations such as the Board of Trustees of
Southern Illinois University to establish a state farmers' market association,
or the Kohala Center in Kamuela, Hawaii to provide EBT access to farmers'
markets and to promote farmers' markets to SNAP recipients. n194

   While the grants have certainly helped individual grantees, making the broad
based changes necessary to develop sustainable local and regional food systems
requires the federal government to provide substantially more funding for these
programs and, even more importantly, to modify the core commodity crop
provisions that continue to promote unsustainable agricultural practices.
Although the 2008 Farm Bill contained working land conservation programs that
promote more sustainable agricultural practices and provisions that promote the
accessibility of local foods, many critics have argued that any reform contained
in the 2008 Farm Bill was superficial because the status quo of major subsidies
to large-scale, industrialized producers of commodity crops was preserved. n195
The grant programs that benefit local food systems are not sufficiently funded
to cover the number of farms that want to participate, and without adequate
funding, any changes that are made will not be the type of long lasting changes
that are necessary for creating sustainable agricultural systems. The problem
with modifying existing programs to promote more sustainable agricultural
practices is that it does not address the root of the problem - subsidies that
encourage the unfettered use of environmental and energy resources to grow
surpluses of commodity crops that are used as livestock feed or not used to meet
nutrition needs at all. Merely increasing a limited amount of funding for
developing niche agricultural markets is not enough.

[*33]

   IV. Where to from Here? Aligning the Local Foods and Sustainability Movements


 Creating a more holistic and sustainable food system will require making
structural changes at all phases of production and distribution. While ushering
in a sustainable agricultural system would require an enormous overhaul of the
American food system, incremental changes could enhance near-term sustainability
and provide a path toward continual improvement over the long run. The two
primary deficiencies with current farm bill programs are the lack of a clearly
articulated objective of improving sustainability and programmatic gaps that
foreclose even an incremental shift away from the preoccupation with supporting
industrial-scale production of commodity crops rather than sustained (and
substantial) effort directed to support development of local and regional food
systems. Moreover, without the coordinated assistance of the federal purse,
state efforts to promote more sustainable and localized agricultural systems
will continue to be dwarfed and overwhelmed by the sheer scale, both in terms of
direct financial subsidies, as well as indirect support through research and
outreach activities conducted by the land grant university system.

   In the current political climate, privately developed certification standards
present the avenue most likely to generate a significant contribution to the
widespread implementation of sustainable agricultural practices. These include
the Stewardship Index and Leonardo Academy efforts discussed above. Political
scientists have described the shift in the latter half of the twentieth century
in how societies are governed as a shift from government to governance, n196
meaning the emergence of new styles of governing in which the boundaries between
the public and private sectors have blurred and cooperative partnerships
complement authoritative, top-down regulation. n197 A recent analysis of
certification standards and other market-driven policy tools have concluded that
the tools supplement, rather than supplant, governmental regulation. n198
Similar to other certification schemes, sustainable agricultural certification
standards could supplement the current disparate menu of federal and state
initiatives presented in farm bill programs and state legislation.

   The connection between sustainable agricultural certification standards and
addressing environmental degradation, economic development in local communities,
and access to healthy foods is fairly straightforward. The development of
private certification standards raises awareness and elevates the discourse on
sustainable agriculture by attracting input from a wide variety of stakeholders,
[*34]  including farmers, food processors, retailers, environmentalists and
other interested parties. Agricultural producers, seeking access to this
differentiated market, would modify their management practices to meet
certification standards. Similar to the current marketing efforts directed
toward "local" designations, consumers could express their preference for
sustainable agricultural practices by selecting products with "sustainable"
labels. Auditing by third-parties would enhance compliance with the standards
among certified agricultural producers and promote continuous improvement.

   Relying on privately developed certification standards as the primary means
of achieving sustainable food systems, however, is not without potential
pitfalls. Certification standards are a voluntary, undemocratic, market-driven
tool. A rational and utility maximizing producer is only going to participate in
a sustainable certification program if the net benefits of the certification
outweigh the costs. Consequently, creating a standard stringent enough to
generate substantial and lasting improvements, but not so onerous so as to
discourage participation by agricultural producers, is a significant challenge,
especially in an untested and evolving market. Moreover, a skeptical public,
ever more aware of "green washing," may not trust a privately developed
standard, especially a standard primarily conceived by commodity groups and
multi-national food processors and retailers. In contrast, the transparent ANSI
standard development process adopted by the Leonardo Academy's sustainability
standard development effort, although troubled by delays inherent in obtaining
consensus from a broad array of constituents, may hold the best hope of consumer
acceptance.

   Potentially lost in this sustainability discourse is the explicit
consideration of local food networks. Will as "sustainably grown" peach from
Georgia satisfy the New York consumer's demand for local produce and thus crowd
out development of more local produce networks? Will the concept of
sustainability displace "certified organic" as the primary specialty product in
conventional retailers? Or will sustainability standards provide differential
weights to localized marketing efforts, in essence providing a preference in
certification scoring for local sourcing and distribution? Perhaps building
local into the sustainability construct ultimately may prove too complex to
operationalize and of lesser importance so long as the underlying motivations of
the local food movement - environmental protection, rural development and social
connections to the farm - are embedded within the sustainability certification
standards. At the end of the day, however, development of both sustainably
produced and locally sourced food products will depend on consumer demand
pulling the agricultural industry away from the current federally supported
march toward an ever more industrialized and consolidated agricultural system.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Energy & Utilities LawConservationGeneral OverviewEnvironmental LawNational
Environmental Policy ActGeneral OverviewGovernmentsAgriculture & FoodGeneral
Overview

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Carolyn Dimitri, Anne Effland & Neilson Conklin, The 20th Century
Transformation of U.S. Agriculture and Farm Policy, 2 Econ. Res. Serv. (June
2005).





n2.  Anne B. W. Effland, U.S. Farm Policy: The First 200 Years, Econ. Res. Serv,
24-25 (Mar. 2000).





n3.  Willard W. Cochrane, The Curses of American Agricultural Abundance 65-68
(U. Neb. Press 2003).





n4.  Lizzie Collingham, The Taste of War, 75-88 (2011) (discussing US
agricultural production during WWII).





n5.  See Charles W. Abdalla, The Industrialization of Agriculture: Implications
for Public Concern and Environmental Consequences of Intensive Livestock
Operations, 10 Penn St. Envtl. L. Rev. 175 (2002) (discussing environmental
externalities of large scale livestock production); Joseph D. Coffey,
Implications for Farm Supply Cooperatives of the Industrialization of
Agriculture, 75 Am. J. Agric. Econ. 1132 (1993) (discussing impact of
industrialization on farm supply cooperatives and independent farmers).





n6.  Nina W. Tarr, Food Entrepreneurs and Food Safety Regulation, 7 J. Food L. &
Pol'y 35 (2011); Nicholas R. Johnson & A. Bryan Endres, Small Producers, Big
Hurdles: Barriers Facing Producers of "Local Foods," Hamline J. Pub. L. & Pol'y
(forthcoming 2012).





n7.  Gabby Wood, Interview: Joel Salatin, The Guardian, Jan. 30, 2010, available
at http://www.guardian.
co.uk/lifeandstyle/2010/jan/31/food-industry-environment.





n8.  C. Clare Hinrichs, The Practice and politics of food system localization,
19 J. Rural Stud. 33, 37-8 (2003).





n9.  See, e.g., Michael S. Hand & Stephen Martinez, Just What Does Local Mean?,
25 Choices (2010), available at
http://www.choicesmagazine.org/magazine/article.php?article=108.





n10.  See Nicholas R. Johnson and A. Bryan Endres, Small Producers, Big Hurdles:
Barriers Facing Producers of "Local Foods," Hameline J. Pub. L. & Pol'y
(forthcoming 2012).





n11.  7 U.S.C. § 1932(g)(9)(A)(i) (2011); 7 C.F.R. § 4284.902 (2011).





n12.  See Steve Martinez et al., Local Food Systems: Concepts, Impacts, and
Issues, Econ. Res. Serv., 13, tbl.4 (2010), available at
http://www.ers.usda.gov/Publications/ERR97/ERR97.pdf (showing a table of the top
ten grocery retailers' definitions of local foods).





n13.  Locally Grown: The Whole Foods Market Promise,
http://www.wholefoodsmarket.com/products/locally-grown/ (last visited January
31, 2012).





n14.  Id.





n15.  Ariel Schwarts, Safeway Supermakets Putting a Spotlight on Local Foods,
Fast Company (June 22, 2009), available at
http://www.fastcompany.com/blog/ariel-schwartz/sustainability/safeway-supermarke
ts-put-up-spotlight-local-foods; Miguel Bustillo & David Kesmodel, 'Local' Grows
on Walmart, Wall St. J., (Aug. 1, 2011), available at
http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052702304223804576448491782467316.html.





n16.  Joan Brehm & Brian Eisenhauer, Motivations for Participating in
Community-Supported Agriculture and Their Relationship with Community Attachment
and Social Capital, 23 S. Rural Soc. 94, 103 (2008) (stating that the strongest
motivations were a desire for fresh food, food free of pesticides, supporting
local community members, supporting local economy, organic food products,
reduced packaging, and supporting sustainable agriculture); Cheryl Brown &
Stacey Miller, Impacts of Local Markets: A Review of Research on Farmers'
Markets and Community Supported Agriculture (CSA), 90 Am. J. Agric. Econ. 1296
(2008).





n17.  See Clare Hinrichs, Embeddedness and Local Food Systems: Notes on Two
Types of Direct Agricultural Market, 16 J. Rural Stud. 295 (2000) (stating that
the definition should account for social proximity between producers and
consumers); Terry Marsden, Jo Banks & Gillian Barstow, Food Supply Chain
Approaches: Exploring Their Role in Rural Development, 40 Sociologia Ruralis 424
(2000) (stating that local food has short supply chain).





n18.  Gail Feenstra, Local Food systems and Sustainable Communities, 12 Am. J.
Alternative Agric. 28, 28 (1997).





n19.  Clare Hinrichs, Embeddedness and Local Food Systems: Notes on Two Types of
Direct Agricultural Markets, 16 J. Rural Stud. 295, 296 (2000).





n20.  Stacy Mitchel, Eaters, Beware: Wal-Mart Is Taking Over Our Food System,
Grist, Dec. 30, 2011, available at
http://www.grist.org/food/2011-12-30-eaters-beware-walmart-is-taking-over-our-fo
od-system?fb ref=gl1.





n21.  Michael Sligh & Carolyn Christman, Who Owns Organic? Global Status,
Prospects, and Challenges of a Changing Organic Market, 19 Rural Advancement
Foundation Int'l USA (2003), available at http://www.
rafiusa.org/pubs/OrganicReport.pdf.





n22.  Nina Planck, Organic and Then Some, N.Y. Times, Nov. 23, 2005, available
at http://www.edenfoods. com/articles/view.php?articles id=71.





n23.  Patrick Canning et al., Energy Use in the U.S. Food System, Econ. Res.
Serv. (2010) (discussing that from a greenhouse gas (GHG) perspective,
agriculture accounts for approximately seven percent of domestic GHG emission,
primarily comprised of methane emissions from animal production and nitrous
oxide emissions from fertilizer application); See U.S. Energy Information
Administration, Emissions of Greenhouse Gases in the United States 2008 at 6,
31, 36 (Dec. 2009).





n24.  David Pimental, Soil Erosion: A Food and Environmental Threat, 8 Env't,
Dev. & Sustainability 119, 124 (2006).





n25.  Noel Uri, Agriculture and the Environment - The Problem of Soil Erosion, 6
J. Sustainable Agric. 71 (2000).





n26.  Simon D. Donner & Christopher J. Kucharik, Corn-Based Ethanol Production
Compromises Goal of Reducing Nitrogen Export by the Mississippi River, 105 Proc.
Nat'l. Acad. Sci. U.S. a.m. 4513 (2008); Great Waters Program: Chesapeake Bay,
EPA, http://www.epa.gov/oaqps001/gr8water/xbrochure/chesapea.html (last visited
Dec. 28, 2011).





n27.  Charles V. Kidd, The Evolution of Sustainability, 5 J. Agric. & Envtl
Ethics 1, 23 (1992) (concluding, after tracing the history of term
sustainability, that seeking agreement on single definition is futile and that
multiple meanings are tolerable if term is defined when used).





n28.  Donald Worster, The Wealth of Nature: Environmental History and the
Ecological Imagination 149 (1993).





n29.  World Comm'n on Env't & Dev., Our Common Future to One World, 8-9 (1987).





n30.  Nat'l Research Council Bd. on Sci. & Tech. for Dev., Sustainable Agric.,
Comment by a BOSTID Panel for the AID Research Advisory, Committee Meeting, Jan.
14-15.





n31.  See James Stephen Carpenter, Farm Chemicals, Soil Erosion, and Sustainable
Agriculture, 13 Stan. Envtl. L.J. 190 (1994).





n32.  Sarah A. Low & Stephen Vogel, Direct and Intermediated Marketing of Local
Foods in the United States, 8 Econ. Res. Serv. (Nov. 2011).





n33.  Id. supra note 10, at 8 (stating "vegetable, fruit, and nut farms, on
average, generate $ 1,338 per acre in sales on 76 acres, which is four to six
times the revenue per acre on a farm that is 33-50 percent the size of the
average field crop or livestock farm.").





n34.  Id. at 8-9.





n35.  Martinez et al., supra note [12], at 6.





n36.  Id. at 43 (citing Nancy J. Ross et al., Trying and Buying Locally Grown
Produce at the Workplace: Results of a Marketing Intervention, 14 Am. J.
Alternative Agric. 171 (1999); Marketumbrella, Catalysts for Growth, Farmers'
Markets as a Stimulus for Economic Development,
http://www.marketumbrella.org/uploads/file/gpCataylsts 1999.pdf; Terry Marsden,
Jo Banks & Gillian Bristow, Food Supply Chain Approaches: Exploring their Role
in Rural Development, 40 Sociologia Ruralis 424 (1999); John Ikerd, Eating
Local: A Matter of Integrity, presentation at The Eat Local Challenge, Portland,
OR, June 2, 2005).





n37.  Lydia Zepeda & Jinghan Li, Who Buys Local Food?, 37 J. Food Distribution
Res. 3 (2006); Kim Darby et al., Decomposing Local: A Conjoint Analysis of
Locally Produced Foods, 90 Am. J. Agric. Econ. 476 (2008); Lawless et al., The
Farmer-Food Buyer Dialogue Project
(1999),http://www.uwcc.wisc.edu/info/ffbuyer/toc.html; Amory Starr et al.,
Sustaining Local Agriculture: Barriers and Opportunities to Direct Marketing
Between Farms and Restaurants in Colorado, 20 Agric. & Human Values 301 (2003).





n38.  Dave Swenson, Estimating the Production and Market-Value Based Impacts of
Nutritional Goals in NE Iowa (2008), available at
http://www.econ.iastate.edu/sites/default/files/publications/papers/p11216-2008-
04-01.pdf; Dave Swenson, Investigation the Potential Economic Impacts of Local
Foods for Southeast Iowa (2009), available at
http://www.leopold.iastate.edu/pubs-and-papers/2010-01-local-foods-southeast-iow
a) [hereinafter Swenson, SE Iowa].





n39.  Swenson, SE Iowa, supra note 38, at 44
http://www.leopold.iastate.edu/pubs-and-papers/2010-01-
local-foods-southeast-iowahttp://www.leopold.iastate.edu/pubs-and-papers/2010-01
-local-foods-southeast-iowa (discussing that induced income or induced effects
"accrue when workers in the direct and input supply sectors spend their earnings
in the region").





n40.  Id. (discussing that indirect income or indirect effects "measure the
total value of locally supplied inputs and services provided by businesses that
serve the producers (e.g., machinery, feed, seed, fertilizer, financial
services")).





n41.  Id. at 43 (citing to Daniel Otto & Theresa Varner, Consumers, Vendors, and
the Economic Importance of Iowa Farmers' Markets: An Economic Impact Survey
Analysis, (2005), available at http://www.leopold.
iastate.edu/pubs-and-papers/2005-05-farmers-markets).





n42.  Charles V. Kidd, The Evolution of Sustainability, 5 J. Agric. & Envtl
Ethics 1, 23 (1992).





n43.  See William S. Eubanks II, A Rotten System: Subsidizing Environmental
Degradation and Poor Public Health with Our Nation's Tax Dollars, 28 Stan.
Envtl. L.J. 213, 276 (2009) (discussing the health effects of exposure to high
levels of pesticides on farmworkers and their families); See Eric Schlosser,
Fast Food Nation: The Dark Side of the All-American Meal 172, 186 (2005)
(discussing why meatpacking is the most dangerous job in the United States).





n44.  See, e.g., Sherry Linkon, Why the Food Justice Movement Matters, Center
for Working-Class Studies at Youngstown State University, July 25, 2011,
available at
http://workingclassstudies.wordpress.com/2011/07/25/why-the-food-justice-movemen
t-matters/.





n45.  See Julie Guthman, Agrarian Dreams: The Paradox of Organic Farming in
California 182 (Berkeley: Univ. of CA Press2004).





n46.  See A. Bryan Endres, An Awkward Adolescence in the Organics Industry:
Coming to Terms with Big Organics and Other Legal Challenges for the Industry's
Next Ten Years, 12 Drake J. Agric. L. 17, 44-5 (2007) (discussing fair labor
practices in organic standards).





n47.  See, e.g., Just Food.org, Food Justice,
http://www.justfood.org/food-justice (last visited Jan. 10, 2012).





n48.  Michael Pollan, The Food Movement, Rising, N.Y. Times Review of Books,
June 10, 2010, available at
http://www.nybooks.com/articles/archives/2010/jun/10/food-movement-rising/?pagin
ation=false.





n49.  Nat'l Res. Council, Comment by a BOSTID Panel for the AID Research
Advisory Committee Meeting, Jan. 14-15.





n50.  16 U.S.C. § 3821-3824 (stating that the Swampbuster provisions of the 1985
Food Security Act prohibit federal farm program payments to farmers who convert
wetlands to agricultural or other uses after December 23, 1985); see also Daryn
McBeth, Wetlands Conservation and Federal Regulation: Analysis of the Food
Security Act's "Swampbuster" provisions as amended by the Federal Agricultural
Improvement and Reform Act of 1996, 21 Harv. Envt'l L. Rev. 201 (1997). .





n51.  16 U.S.C. § 3811 (codifying that, similar to the Swampbuster program, the
Sodbuster provisions of the 1985 Food Security Act prohibit federal farm program
payments to farmers who convert highly erodible land to agricultural or other
uses); see also Galen Fountain, Land Use Related Restrictions and the
Conservation Provisions of the Food Security Act of 1985: Sodbuster and
Swampbuster, 11 U. Ark. Little Rock L.J. 553 (1988).





n52.  Ewald Rametsteiner & Markku Simula, Forest Certification - An Instrument
to Promote Sustainable Forest Management?, 67 J. Envtl. Mgmt. 87, 88 (2003).





n53.  What is a standard?, Am. Nat'l Standards Inst., http://www.ansi.org/about
ansi/faqs/faqs.aspx? menuid=1 (last visited Dec. 28, 2011).





n54.  Jody M. Endres, Agriculture at a Crossroads: Energy Biomass Standards and
a New Sustainability Paradigm?, 2011 U. Ill. L. Rev. 503, 517 (2011).





n55.  I. Lewandowski & A.P.C. Faaij, Steps Towards the Development of a
Certification System for Sustainable Bio-Energy Trade, 30 Biomass & Bioenergy
83, 86-88 (2006) (discussing different definitions on sustainable production
methods).





n56.  See Frequently Asked Questions, Stewardship Index for Specialty Crops,
http://www.stewardship index.org/about faqs.php (last visited Dec. 28, 2011).





n57.  See id.





n58.  See What We're Measuring, Stewardship Index for Specialty Crops,
http://www.stewardshipindex. org/what we are measuring.php (last visited Dec.
28, 2011).





n59.  See Sustainable Agriculture, Scientific Certification Sys.,
http://www.scscertified.com/fff/sustaina ble agriculture.php (last visited Jan.
3, 2012).





n60.  VeriFlora Certification Standard, Scientific Certification Sys., 1 (Apr.
2007) http://www.scscerti fied.com/docs/VeriFlora Version3 0407.pdf (last
visited Feb. 4, 2012).





n61.  Id.





n62.  See id. at 60-62.





n63.  See id. at 60.





n64.  See id. at 61-62.





n65.  See id. at 62.





n66.  See Key Elements of Sustainable Agriculture, Scientific Certification
Sys., http://www.scscertified. com/fff/sustainable ag key principles.php (last
visited Feb. 4, 2012); See also Standards Committee Members, LEO-4000
Sustainable Agric. Standard Wiki,
https://sites.google.com/site/sustainableagstandards/stan
dards-committee-members-1 (last visited Feb. 4, 2012) (listing SCS as one of the
many stakeholders participating as a Standards Committee Member in the Leonardo
Academy standard development process).





n67.  About the Sustainable Agriculture Standard, Leonardo Acad.,
http://www.leonardoacademy.org/programs/standards/agstandard/development.html
(last visited Feb. 4, 2012).





n68.  Id.





n69.  Jean M. Rawson, Organic Agriculture in the U.S.: Program and Policy
Issues, CRS Report of Cong. (Nov. 3, 2005), available at
http://assets.opencrs.com/rpts/RL31595 20051103.pdf.





n70.  See David Hosansky, Farm Subsidies: Do They Favor Large Farming
Operations?, 12 CQ Researcher 433, 436 (2002) (discussing that the large
operations receive the benefit of the governmental control of crop
overproduction) .





n71.  See Ralph E. Heimlich & Roger Claassen, Agricultural Conservation Policy
at a Crossroads, 27 Agric. & Res. Econ. Rev. 95, 97 (1998) (discussing the
history of farm bills); See also Zachary Cain & Stephen Lovejoy, History and
Outlook for Farm Bill Conservation Programs, 4th Quarter, Choices 37, 39-40
(2004), available at http://www.choicesmagazine.org/2004-4/policy/2004-4-09.pdf
(arguing that "the change in the language [Congress] uses to describe the
importance of soil conservation for reasons other than productivity gains" was a
breakthrough for conservation).





n72.  See Wetlands Reserve Program, 74 Fed. Reg. 2321 (Jan. 15, 2009)
(discussing the history of WRP and changes made to the program under the Food,
Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008).





n73.  16 U.S.C.§§3831-3836a (2011); See also Tadlock Cowan, Conservation Reserve
Program: Status and Current Issues, Cong. Research Serv., RS21613, available at
http://www.cnie.org/nle/crsreports/10Oct/RS21 613.pdf (discussing an overview of
the Conservation Reserve Program).





n74.  16 U.S.C.§§3837-3837f (2011).





n75.  16 U.S.C. § 3839aa (2008) (codifying that the Environmental Quality
Incentives Program provides financial and technical assistance to agricultural
producers for conservation and environmental improvements on lands being used
for agricultural production); 16 U.S.C. § 3839aa-9 (2008) (codifying that the
Agricultural Water Enhancement Program provides payments to agricultural
producers for water enhancement activities); 16 U.S.C. § 3838d, 3838e (2008)
(codifying that the Conservation Stewardship Program provides payments to
agricultural producers for implementing or maintaining conservation activities.
This program was reenacted by Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008); 7
U.S.C. § 1524(b) (2009) (codifying that the Agricultural Management Assistance
Program provides incentive and cost-share payments to producers for implementing
conservation measures to address water management, water quality, and erosion
control issues. Additionally, the Wildlife Habitat Incentives Program, the
Conservation of Private Grazing Lands, the Grassland Reserve Program, and the
Cooperative Conservation Partnership Initiative provide incentives to preserve
particular types of habitats or lands); See also Natural Resources Conservation
Service, U.S. Dep't of Agric., 2008 NCRS Farm Bill Conservation Programs,
available at http://www.nrcs.usda.gov/wps/portal/nrcs/main/national/
programs/farmbill (last visited Dec. 26, 2011) (detailing a complete list offarm
bill conservation programs; See Tadlock Cowan, Renee Johnson & Megan Stubbs,
Conservation Provisions of the 2008 Farm Bill, Cong. Res. Serv., RL34557,
(2009), available at http://www.nationalaglawcenter.org/assets/crs/RL34557.pdf
(detailing changes of conservation programs made in 2008).





n76.  See, e.g., Stanley R. Johnson et al., The 1995 Farm Bill: Issues, Options,
and an Analytical Framework for Integrated Economic and Environmental Policy
Assessment, 6 (1994) (explaining that CRP land is frequently returned to
production after initial contract ends); Allen H. Olson, Federal Farm
Programs-Past, Present and Future-Will We Learn from Our Mistakes?, 6 Great
Plains Nat. Res. J. 1, 27-28 (2001).





n77.  42 U.S.C. § 1751 (1989) (codifying Congress' intent to "safeguard the
health and well-being of the Nation's children and to encourage the domestic
consumption of nutritious agricultural commodities and other food").





n78.  7 U.S.C. § 5801 (1986).





n79.  7 U.S.C. § 3103 (2008).





n80.  Local Farms, Food, and Jobs Act of 2011, S. 1773, 112th Cong. (2011).





n81.  Beginning Farmer and Rancher Opportunity Act, S. 18550, 112th Cong.
(2011).





n82.  7 U.S.C. § 1632a(b) (2008).





n83.  7 C.F.R. § 4284.902 (2011).





n84.  7 U.S.C. § 1632a(b)(3) (2008); 7 C.F.R. § 4284.902 (2011).





n85.  7 U.S.C. § 1632a(a)(3) (2008) (defining mid-tier value chains as "local
and regional supply networks that link independent producers with businesses and
cooperatives that market value-added agricultural products in a manner that: (1)
targets and strengthens the profitability and competitiveness of small and
medium-sized farms and ranches that are structured as a family farm; and (2)
obtains agreement from an eligible producer group, farmer or rancher
cooperative, or majority-controlled producer-based business venture that is
engaged in the value chain on a marketing strategy. (3) [...] applicant
ownership of the raw agricultural commodity and value-added product from raw
through value-added is not necessarily required, as long as the mid-tier value
chain proposal can demonstrate an increase in customer base and an increase in
revenue returns to the applicant producers supplying the majority of the raw
agricultural commodity for the project"); 7 C.F.R. § 4284.902 (2011).





n86.  Joint Explanatory Statement of the Committee of Conference, Food,
Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008, Pub. L. No. 110-246, 122 Stat. 1651.





n87.  7 U.S.C. § 1632a(b)(7)(A), (B) (2008).





n88.  Announcement of Value-Added Producer Grant Application Deadlines, 74 Fed.
Reg. 20,900 (May 6, 2009).





n89.  Announcement of Value-Added Producer Grant Application Deadlines, 76 Fed.
Reg. 37,774 (June 28, 2011).





n90.  7 U.S.C. § 1632a(b)(7)(C)(i), (ii) 2008).





n91.  7 C.F.R. § 4284.902 (2011) (defining small farm as "a farm or ranch that
is structured as a Family Farm that has averaged $ 250,000 or less in annual
gross sales of agricultural products in the previous three years," and
medium-sized farm as "a farm or ranch that is structured as a family farm that
has averaged $ 250,001 to $ 1,000,000 in annual gross sales of agricultural
commodities in the previous three years").





n92.  Announcement of Value-Added Producer Grant Application Deadlines, 76 Fed.
Reg. 37,774 (June 28, 2011).





n93.  Local Farms, Food, and Jobs Act of 2011, S. 1773, 112th Cong. (2011).





n94.  Id.





n95.  Id.





n96.  Id.





n97.  See e.g. The Food, Conservation, and Energy and Conservation Act of 2008,
H.R. 6124, 110th Cong. (2008) (requiring USDA to reserve at least five percent
of the Business and Industry Loan Program funding for the Local and Regional
Food Enterprise Loan Guarantees Program. The Local and Regional Food Enterprise
Loan Guarantees Program received $ 50 million per year for fiscal years 2009
through 2012. The 2012 Farm Bill is expected to raise the funds reserved for the
Local and Regional Food Enterprise Loan Guarantees Program from five percent to
ten percent. Under the 2008 Bill, the maximum loan guarantee is eighty percent
for loans of $ 5 million or less, seventy percent for loans between $ 5 million
and $ 10 million, and sixty percent for loans exceeding $ 10 million. The 2012
Bill would give USDA the discretionary authority to waive or reduce loan fees
and to provide a ninety percent guarantee for small-scale projects and projects
located in communities with low or declining populations, low income levels, or
low access to healthy foods).





n98.  7 U.S.C. § 1932(g)(6)(A).





n99.  7 U.S.C. § 1932(g)(9)(A)(ii), (B)(iii) (giving priority to projects that
benefit underserved communities, which is defined as a community that has
limited access to affordable, healthy foods in grocery stores or direct markets,
and has a high poverty rate or high rate of hunger or food insecurity).





n100.  7 U.S.C. § 1932(g)(9)(A).





n101.  7 U.S.C. § 1932(g)(9)(B)(i); See USDA, Rural Business and Development
Information Sheet, http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/ne/gbifsht.pdf (stating that loans
can be used for a wide variety of purposes: construction, conversion, expansion,
repair, modernization or development costs; purchase of equipment, machinery, or
supplies; startup costs and working capital; purchase of startup cooperative
stock for family sized farms where commodities are produced to be processed by
the cooperative).





n102.  Low & Vogel, supra note [32], at 8.





n103.  Joint Explanatory Statement of the Committee of Conference, Food,
Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008, H.R. 2419, 110th Cong. 129 (2008).





n104.  7 U.S.C. § 1932(g)(9)(B)(ii).





n105.  7 C.F.R. § 1942.304 (2011) (defining rural areas as areas with a
population below 50,000 that are not contiguous or adjacent to urban areas).





n106.  7 U.S.C. § 1932(g)(6)(A).





n107.  7 U.S.C. § 3005(a).





n108.  7 U.S.C. § 3005(c).





n109.  Joint Explanatory Statement of the Committee of Conference, Food,
Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008, 110th Cong. 249 (2008).





n110.  See Dietary Guidelines for Americans, USDA, available at
http://www.cnpp.usda.gov/Publications/DietaryGuidelines/2010/PolicyDoc/PolicyDoc
.pdf (last visited Feb. 4, 2012) (discussing healthy foods to be defined as
nutrient-dense foods and beverages encouraged by USDA's 2010 Dietary Guidelines
and whole foods, such as fruits, vegetables, whole grains, fat free or low-fat
dairy, and lean meats).





n111.  Notice of Funds Availability Inviting Applications for the Farmers'
Market Promotion Program, 76 Fed. Reg. 31, 571-31, 581 (June 1, 2011).





n112.  See Food Desert Locator, USDA, http://www.ers.usda.gov/data/fooddesert/
(last visited Jan. 3, 2012).





n113.  Notice of Funds Availability Inviting Applications for the Farmers'
Market Promotion Program, 76 Fed. Reg. 31, 571-02 (June 1, 2011).





n114.  7 U.S.C. § 3005(e)(1).





n115.  7 U.S.C. § 3005(e)(2).





n116.  Local Farms, Food, and Jobs Act of 2011, S. 7001(m)(2), 112th Cong.
(2011).





n117.  Id.





n118.  7 U.S.C. § 2034(a)(3) (defining an underserved community as a community
that has "(A) limited access to affordable, healthy foods, including fresh
fruits and vegetables; (B) a high incidence of a diet-related disease (including
obesity) as compared to the national average; (C) a high rate of hunger or food
insecurity; or (D) severe or persistent poverty").





n119.  7 U.S.C. § 2034(h)(3).





n120.  7 U.S.C. § 2034(a)(1).





n121.  7 U.S.C. § 2034(d).





n122.  7 U.S.C. § 2034(h)(4)(B).





n123.  7 U.S.C. § 2034(h)(5).





n124.  Local Farms, Food, and Jobs Act of 2011, S. 3008, 112th Cong. (2011).





n125.  7 U.S.C. § 3319f.





n126.  7 U.S.C. § 3319f(h)(1).





n127.  7 U.S.C. § 3319f(c)(8).





n128.  See Beginning Farmers, www.beginningfarmers.org (listing several training
opportunities for beginning farmers and ranchers).





n129.  Seniors Farmers' Market Nutrition Program, 7 U.S.C. § 3007.





n130.  The WIC Farmers' Market Nutrition Program was created by an amendment to
the Child Nutrition Act of 1966; See WIC Farmers' Market Nutrition Act of 1992,
Pub. L. No. 102-314, 102nd Cong., H.R. 3711, Oct. 1, 1991 (codified at 42 U.S.C.
§ 1786).





n131.  The Farm-to-School Program was created by an amendment to the Richard B.
Russell National School Lunch Act; See The Child Nutrition and WIC
Reauthorization Act of 2004, Pub. L. No. 108-265, 108th Cong., S. 2507, June 30,
2004 (codified at 42 U.S.C. § 1769).





n132.  42 U.S.C. § 1786(m)(1); 7 U.S.C. § 3007(b).





n133.  See USDA Food and Nutrition Service, Legislative History Related to Farm
to School, http://www. fns.usda.gov/cnd/F2S/pdf/F2Sleg history.pdf (giving a
history of the National School Lunch Program and the Farm-to-School Program).





n134.  USDA Food and Nutrition Service, Small Farms/School Meals Initiative
(2000).





n135.  42 U.S.C. § 1769(g)(2).





n136.  42 U.S.C. § 1769(g)(5)(A), (C); Healthy, Hungry-Free Kids Act of 2010,
Pub. L. No. 111-296, 111th Cong., S. 3307, Dec. 13, 2010 (codified at 42 USC §
1769(g)(8)).





n137.  42 U.S.C. § 1758(j).





n138.  Healthy, Hungry-Free Kids Act of 2010, Pub. L. No. 111-296, 111th Cong.,
S. 3307, Dec. 13, 2010 (codified at 42 USC § 1769(g)(8)).





n139.  The National Farm to School Program, Center for Food & Justice,
http://www.farmtoschool.org/index.php (last visited Dec. 20, 2011).





n140.  Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food, YouTube,
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tms8ye8mw k (last visited Dec. 20, 2011).





n141.  Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food, USDA,
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome? navid=KYF MISSION (last visited
Jan. 6, 2012) (stating that "while there is no office, staff, or budget
dedicated to KYF2, Deputy Secretary Kathleen Merrigan chairs a task force of
USDA employees representing every agency within the Department in order to break
down bureaucratic silos, develop common-sense solutions for communities and
farmers, and foster new partnerships inside USDA and across the country").





n142.  21 U.S.C. § 683.





n143.  21 U.S.C. § 472.





n144.  21 U.S.C.§§683(b), 472(b).





n145.  21 U.S.C.§§683(d)(1), 472(d)(1).





n146.  21 U.S.C.§§683(d)(3)(c), 472(d)(3)(c).





n147.  21 U.S.C.§§683(h), 472(g).





n148.  National Conference of State Legislators, Food Safety Rules,
http://www.ncsl.org/documents/agri/foodsafetylaws.pdf.





n149.  Cooperative Inspection Programs: Interstate Shipment of Meat and Poultry
Products, 76 Fed. Reg. 24,714 (May 2, 2011) (codified at 9 C.F.R.§§321, 332,
381).





n150.  See Martinez et al., supra note 12, at 39-41 (citing National Conference
of State Legislatures, Healthy Community Design and Access to Healthy Food
Database, http://www.ncsl.org/?tabid=13227 (last visited Jan. 6, 2011)); Derrick
Braaten & Marne Coit, Legal Issues in Local Food Systems, 15 Drake J. Agric. L.
9 (2010) (discussing state procurement legislation and local foods); See Tarr,
supra note 6 (providing an overview of state cottage food laws).





n151.  Illinois Food, Farms, and Jobs Act, Pub. Act No. 95-145, 95th General
Assembly, H.B. 1300, Aug. 14, 2007 (codified at 505 Ill. Comp. Stat. 84/5).





n152.  The Illinois Local and Organic Food and Farm Task Force, Local Food,
Farms & Jobs: Growing the Illinois Economy, 13 (2009), available at
http://www.agr.state.il.us/newsrels/taskforcereport-outside.pdf.





n153.  Id. at 39. .





n154.  Local Food, Farms, and Jobs Act, Pub. Act No. 96-579, 96th General
Assembly, H.B. 3990, Aug. 18, 2009 (codified at 30 Ill. Comp. Stat. 595/10).





n155.  Id.





n156.  Id.





n157.  Task Force, supra note [152], at 13.





n158.  See, e.g., Tarr, supra note [6], at 56-66 (comparing state cottage food
bills).





n159.  410 Ill. Comp. Stat 625/4.





n160.  410 Ill. Comp. Stat 625/4(b)(3).





n161.  410 Ill. Comp. Stat 625/4(a).





n162.  See 410 Ill. Comp. Stat. 625/4(b)(1) (detailing specific lists of allowed
and prohibited food products).





n163.  410 Ill. Comp. Stat. 625/4(b)(4) (codifying that a label must include:
(A) name and address of cottage food operation; (B) common or usual name of
product; (C) all product ingredients; (D) the phrase: "This product was produced
in a home kitchen not subject to public health inspection that may also process
common food allergens;" (E) processing date; (F) allergen labeling as required
by federal law).





n164.  410 Ill. Comp. Stat. 625/4(b)(7) (stating that the placard must state:
"This product was produced in a home kitchen not subject to public health
inspection that may also process common food allergens").





n165.  410 Ill. Comp. Stat. 625/4(b).





n166.  Nicholas R. Johnson and A. Bryan Endres, Small Producers, Big Hurdles:
Barriers Facing Producers of "Local Foods," Hamline J. Pub L. & Pol'y.
(forthcoming 2012).





n167.  See Low & Vogel, supra note [], at 3 (discussing that sales to
restaurants, regional distributors, grocery stores, and schools are examples of
intermediated marketing channels).





n168.  Id.





n169.  Id. (estimating that sales through intermediated channels accounted for
50 to 66 percent of local food sales in 2008); Larry Lev & Laurent Gwin, Filling
in the Gaps: Eight Things to Recognize about Farm-Direct Marketing, 25 Choices
(2010) (estimating that direct-to-consumer sales accounted for 25 percent of
local food sales in 2007).





n170.  David Timmons & Qingbin Wang, Direct Food sales in the United States:
Evidence from State and County-Level Data, 34 J. Sustainable Agric. 229, 229
(2010) (measured in constant 2007 dollars).





n171.  Lev & Gwin, supra note [] (estimating that direct-to-consumer sales
accounted for 25 percent of local food sales in 2007).





n172.  Id.; see also Low & Vogel, supra note [32], at 2.





n173.  Levin & Gwin, supra note 167.





n174.  Id.





n175.  Id.





n176.  Id.





n177.  See Timmons & Wang, supra note [], at 229-30.





n178.  7 U.S.C. § 3001 (1976).





n179.  U.S. Gov't Accountability Office, CED-80-65, Direct Farmer-to-Consumer
Marketing Program Should Be Continued and Improved (1980),
http://www.gao.gov/assets/130/129917.pdf





n180.  Id.





n181.  Low & Vogel, supra note 32, at 5 tbl.1.





n182.  Id.





n183.  Id. at 6 tbl.2.





n184.  Id.





n185.  Id. at 5 tbl.1.





n186.  Id. at 6 tbl.2.





n187.  Id.





n188.  Id. at 6 tbl.2.





n189.  See, e.g.  7 C.F.R. § 4284.902 (2011).





n190.  Low & Vogel, supra note [32], at iii.





n191.  Rural Business-Cooperative Service, 74 Fed. Reg. 20900 (Sept. 1, 2009)
(announcing the availability of 18 million dollars in grants); Rural
Business-Cooperative Service (June 28, 2011) (to be codified at 7. C.F.R. pt.
4284) (announcing the availability of 37 million dollars in grants).





n192.  FY 2009 Value Added Producer Grant Awards - Listed by State,
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/coops/FY%202009%20VAPG%20AWARDS.pdf (last visited
Feb. 4, 2012).





n193.  Farmers Market Promotion Program - FY 2011 Awards,
http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/getfile ?dDocName=STELPRDC5094638&acct=fmpp
(last visited Feb. 4, 2012).





n194.  Farmers Market Promotion Program - FY 2011 Awards (Summary of Awards),
http://www.ams. usda.gov/AMSv1.0/getfile?dDocName=STELPRDC5094639&acct=fmpp
(last visited Feb. 4, 2012).





n195.  See, e.g., Mary Jane Angelo, Corn, Carbon, and Conservation: Rethinking
U.S. Agricultural Policy in a Changing Global Environment, 17 George Mason L.
Rev. 593, 650 (2010); Sustainable Agriculture Coalition, The Sustainable
Agriculture Coalitions Grassroots Guide to the 2008 Farm Bill (Oct. 2008),
http://sustainableagriculturecoalition.org/wp-content/uploads/2008/11/sac-farm-b
ill-guide.pdf (last visited Feb. 4, 2012).





n196.  See e.g., Jon Pierre, Debating Governance: Authority, Steering and
Democracy, 5 (2000); Gerry Stoker, Governance as Theory, 155 Int'l. Soc. Sci. J.
17 (1998).





n197.  Pierre, supra note [196], at 3-4.





n198.  Andrew Jordan, Rudiger K.W. Wurzel & Anthony R. Zito, 'New' Instruments
of Environmental Governance: Patterns and Pathways of Change, 12 Envtl. Pol. 3
(2010).


                               7 of 90 DOCUMENTS


                           The Taos News (New Mexico)

                            March 31, 2011 Thursday

HISPANIC FARMER SETTLEMENT PART OF UPCOMING RANCHERS FORUM

BYLINE: J.R. LOGAN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A-3

LENGTH: 761 words


By J.R. Logan

The Taos News

Hispanic and women farmers and ranchers who can prove they were victims of
discrimination by the U.S. Department of Agriculture may be eligible for up to
$50,000 in compensation from the federal government.

That claims settlement fund will be among the many topics discussed during an
upcoming Rancher's Forum, which takes place April 8 and 9 at the Taos County
Economic Development Corp. Business Park.

The forum, presented by the Taos County Economic Development Corp. and the New
Mexico Acequia Association, is intended to bring together local producers and
agriculture agencies to share knowledge and provide updates about industry
issues.

For area ranchers and farmers, the $1.3 billion claims fund being organized by
the USDA for Hispanic and women farmers will likely be one of the more
noteworthy issues discussed during the two-day event.

The proposal, announced last month, would provide up to $50,000 for each
Hispanic or woman farmer who can show that USDA denied them a loan or loan
servicing for discriminatory reasons for certain time periods between 1981 and
2000. An additional $160 million may also be available to pay off existing USDA
loans.

Black farmers led a struggle and filed a lawsuit alleging discrimination by the
USDA and demanding compensation that led to $2.25 billion in reparations that
Congress passed last year. Meanwhile, other minorities -- specifically Hispanic,
American Indian and women farmers -- have gained momentum in their own efforts.

"The Obama Administration has made it a priority to resolve all claims of past
discrimination at USDA, and we are committed to closing this sad chapter in
USDA's history," said Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack in a Feb. 25 press
release.

The Taos County Economic Development Corp. has been selected as one of a handful
of outreach centers intended to get word of the claims fund for Hispanic and
female farmers. The New Mexico Acequia Association has also been tapped to
spread information to potential beneficiaries.

Salomon Ramírez with the New Mexico Farm Service Agency has been invited to
speak at the upcoming forum about the claims process. Paula García with the New
Mexico Acequia Association will also be present. García was recently appointed
to the Minority Farmer Advisory Committee, which is intended to improve USDA's
outreach and assistance to minority producers.

Toni Stanger, senior advisor to the Secretary of Tribal Relations Office will be
on hand as well to discuss agriculture issues affecting American Indian tribes.

Taos County Economic Development Corp. co-directors Pati Martinson and Terrie
Bad Hand said the proposed claims process is a good way to draw attention to the
long-standing issue of USDA discrimination. They both said they would encourage
Hispanic and female farmers to at least look into the details of the settlement.
For more information about the claims fund, or to request a claims packet, call
(888) 508-4429 or visit www.farmerclaims.gov.

However, farmers and ranchers should be mindful that any reimbursement would
come with strings attached.

Those who accept money through the USDA's claims process would be barred from
pursuing future litigation against the USDA alleging discrimination. And Stephen
Hill, a lead attorney representing Hispanic farmers in the García vs. Vilsack
suit against the USDA, has said the offer is far too small when compared to
settlements with black farmers. Hill has since filed another suit against the
USDA, contending that the offer of $1.33 billion isn't adequate.

Martinson and Bad Hand said they are also trying to organize workshops to bring
in legal help for those interested in filing a claim with USDA.

Though they can't yet quantify how many local producers might benefit from the
claims settlement or by pursuing litigation, Martinson and Bad Hand were
optimistic that the process might at least help improve USDA's image among
small-scale producers.

"It's our feeling that the people here, who are land based and who have a long
history of food production, aren't part of the industrial agriculture that USDA
paid attention to for so long," Martinson said.

Martinson noted that USDA has recently begun to embrace small, local producers.
"In this brief window, since the appointment of (Agriculture Secretary) Vilsack,
USDA has really opened the doors and windows of opportunity for traditional
farming to hold on in the community," Martinson said.

For more information about the upcoming forum, contact Taos County Economic
Development Corp. at (575) 758-8731 or visit www.tcedc.org.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 The Taos News
                              All Rights Reserved


                               8 of 90 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                September 15, 1994, THURSDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

DISPARITY; WOMEN, BLACKS SHORT-CHANGED ON FARM SUBSIDIES, GROUPS SAY

BYLINE: Jerri Stroud Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 738 words


Women and minorities get smaller federal farm-subsidy checks than white men, and
two national environmental groups say the disparity may be linked to the
scarcity of women and minorities on local committees that oversee farm programs.

But Agriculture Department officials say the size of a farmer's check depends on
the productivity of farms, not the gender or race of the owner.

The Environmental Working Group and the National Audubon Society cite internal
Agriculture Department memos as evidence that women and blacks get smaller
checks than white men.

The department's Equal Employment Opportunity and Civil Rights office outlined
the disparity in payment rates for women and minorities in 1990 and recommended
changes, but nothing was done. The office raised the issue again in a memo last
year.

In some regions, women and minority farmers were eligible for $ 40,000 less in
subsidies than white male farmers for producing the same commodities between
1986 and 1994, said Ken Cook, president of the Environmental Work Group and
principal author of the report.

Using the civil rights office study, the groups estimated that black farmers in
Illinois would have collected nearly $ 10,000 less than white farmers on a
100-acre corn field in an eight-year period ending this year. Female
participants in Illinois were eligible for about $ 549 less than male Illinois
farmers on average in the same period.

The difference arises because women and minorities have lower "established
yields" than white men, Cook said. The established yield - a figure based on how
much a farmer produced in the past - determines the amount of money a farmer can
collect from some farm subsidy programs. The Agriculture Department froze
established yields in 1985 to try to limit farm payments.

"Yield disparities of 10 percent or more were fairly common," Cook said. "In a
number of instances, we found that women and minority producers had yields that
were as high or higher than white male farmers."

The differences may be due to factors other than soil type, farming skill and
farm size, Cook said. "Yield disparities may be a problem of producer education
and program implementation," he said.

In Wednesday's report, the environmental groups said women and minorities are
underrepresented on county committees that oversee farm subsidy programs.

In 1992, women farmers accounted for 28 percent of eligible voters but only 5
percent of the seats on county committees. Minority farmers accounted for 5
percent of eligible voters but less than 2 percent of ASCS committee members.

County committees oversee programs administered by the Agricultural
Stabilization and Conservation Service and hear appeals from farmers
dissatisfied with their checks.

The groups noted that the number of women operating farms is growing while the
number of black farmers has dropped precipitously in the last generation. Women
operated 131,000 farms in 1987, up from 113,000 in 1978. Blacks had 22,942 farms
in 1987, down from 37,336 in 1978 and 472,000 in 1954.

Neither Illinois nor Missouri had any black farmers on county ASCS committees.
Blacks account for 0.3 percent of farmers eligible to vote for committee members
in Missouri. In Illinois, 0.1 percent of farmers eligible to vote are black.

Five of the 310 committee members in Illinois were female in 1992. Seven of the
341 members in Missouri were female. Women made up 22.2 percent of the farmers
eligible to vote for committee members in Missouri. In Illinois, 24.8 percent of
the eligible voters were female.

Patty Dick, assistant administrative officer for the ASCS in Missouri, said the
number of women on county committees has been growing over the last few years.
Last year, 10 of the 341 members were women, for example. "We're likely to pick
up a few more this year," she said.

Dick said federal rules already allow for a minority adviser in counties where
at least 5 percent of farmers are from minority groups. But none of Missouri's
114 counties has enough minority farmers to qualify for a minority adviser.

Cook said the environmental groups would like to see more women and minorities
on the county committees. They support a plan by Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy
to increase the number of seats on each county committee to five from three. The
secretary could appoint two members to assure adequate representation of
minorities and women.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1994 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                               9 of 90 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                September 15, 1994, THURSDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

DISPARITY; WOMEN, BLACKS SHORT-CHANGED ON FARM SUBSIDIES, GROUPS SAY

BYLINE: Jerri Stroud Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 738 words


Women and minorities get smaller federal farm-subsidy checks than white men, and
two national environmental groups say the disparity may be linked to the
scarcity of women and minorities on local committees that oversee farm programs.

But Agriculture Department officials say the size of a farmer's check depends on
the productivity of farms, not the gender or race of the owner.

The Environmental Working Group and the National Audubon Society cite internal
Agriculture Department memos as evidence that women and blacks get smaller
checks than white men.

The department's Equal Employment Opportunity and Civil Rights office outlined
the disparity in payment rates for women and minorities in 1990 and recommended
changes, but nothing was done. The office raised the issue again in a memo last
year.

In some regions, women and minority farmers were eligible for $ 40,000 less in
subsidies than white male farmers for producing the same commodities between
1986 and 1994, said Ken Cook, president of the Environmental Work Group and
principal author of the report.

Using the civil rights office study, the groups estimated that black farmers in
Illinois would have collected nearly $ 10,000 less than white farmers on a
100-acre corn field in an eight-year period ending this year. Female
participants in Illinois were eligible for about $ 549 less than male Illinois
farmers on average in the same period.

The difference arises because women and minorities have lower "established
yields" than white men, Cook said. The established yield - a figure based on how
much a farmer produced in the past - determines the amount of money a farmer can
collect from some farm subsidy programs. The Agriculture Department froze
established yields in 1985 to try to limit farm payments.

"Yield disparities of 10 percent or more were fairly common," Cook said. "In a
number of instances, we found that women and minority producers had yields that
were as high or higher than white male farmers."

The differences may be due to factors other than soil type, farming skill and
farm size, Cook said. "Yield disparities may be a problem of producer education
and program implementation," he said.

In Wednesday's report, the environmental groups said women and minorities are
underrepresented on county committees that oversee farm subsidy programs.

In 1992, women farmers accounted for 28 percent of eligible voters but only 5
percent of the seats on county committees. Minority farmers accounted for 5
percent of eligible voters but less than 2 percent of ASCS committee members.

County committees oversee programs administered by the Agricultural
Stabilization and Conservation Service and hear appeals from farmers
dissatisfied with their checks.

The groups noted that the number of women operating farms is growing while the
number of black farmers has dropped precipitously in the last generation. Women
operated 131,000 farms in 1987, up from 113,000 in 1978. Blacks had 22,942 farms
in 1987, down from 37,336 in 1978 and 472,000 in 1954.

Neither Illinois nor Missouri had any black farmers on county ASCS committees.
Blacks account for 0.3 percent of farmers eligible to vote for committee members
in Missouri. In Illinois, 0.1 percent of farmers eligible to vote are black.

Five of the 310 committee members in Illinois were female in 1992. Seven of the
341 members in Missouri were female. Women made up 22.2 percent of the farmers
eligible to vote for committee members in Missouri. In Illinois, 24.8 percent of
the eligible voters were female.

Patty Dick, assistant administrative officer for the ASCS in Missouri, said the
number of women on county committees has been growing over the last few years.
Last year, 10 of the 341 members were women, for example. "We're likely to pick
up a few more this year," she said.

Dick said federal rules already allow for a minority adviser in counties where
at least 5 percent of farmers are from minority groups. But none of Missouri's
114 counties has enough minority farmers to qualify for a minority adviser.

Cook said the environmental groups would like to see more women and minorities
on the county committees. They support a plan by Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy
to increase the number of seats on each county committee to five from three. The
secretary could appoint two members to assure adequate representation of
minorities and women.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1994 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                               10 of 90 DOCUMENTS

          GUADALUPE L. GARCIA, et al., Plaintiffs, v. ANN V. VENEMAN,
              Secretary, United States Department of Agriculture,
                                   Defendant.

                         Civil Action No. 00-2445 (JR)

           UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA

                   211 F.R.D. 15; 2002 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 24113


                           December 2, 2002, Decided

SUBSEQUENT HISTORY: Class certification denied by, Motion to strike denied by,
Motion denied by, Stay granted by Garcia v. Veneman, 224 F.R.D. 8, 2004 U.S.
Dist. LEXIS 18400 (D.D.C., 2004)

PRIOR HISTORY: Garcia v. Veneman, 2002 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 29295 (D.D.C., Mar. 10,
2002)



DISPOSITION: Plaintiffs' motion for class certification denied.

CASE SUMMARY:


PROCEDURAL POSTURE: Plaintiffs, minority farmers, sued defendant Secretary of
the United States Department of Agriculture alleging discrimination in the
United States Department of Agriculture's loan and disaster benefit programs.
The minority farmers moved for class certification.

OVERVIEW: The court held that the minority farmers failed to establish that
there were questions of law or fact common to the class under Fed. R. Civ. P.
23(a)(2) because, although the statistics presented by the minority farmers
demonstrated that discrimination against minority loan applicants was afoot,
nothing in the record permitted the additional inference that class members
suffered a common injury. The court found that the minority farmers were unable
to correlate the discrimination they alleged with subjective loan qualification
criteria, and that there were large numbers of decision-makers who were
geographically dispersed. The court further held that the minority farmers
failed to establish that questions of law or fact common to the members of the
class predominated over any questions affecting only individual members under
Fed. R. Civ. P. 23(b)(3) because, if allowed to proceed as a class action, the
minority farmers' claims would quickly devolve into hundreds or perhaps
thousands of individual inquiries about each farmer's particular circumstances,
and individual issues would be much more important to any farmer's recovery.

OUTCOME: The motion for class certification was denied.

CORE TERMS: farmer, subjective, commonality, class certification,
decision-making, usda, class actions, farm, certification, statistical,
predominate, typicality, hybrid, declaratory relief, proposed class, monetary
relief, discriminatory, predominance, questions of law, injunctive relief,
settlement, promotion, disaster, civil rights, failure to investigate, disparate
impact, disparate treatment, qualification, conceivably, numerosity


                            LexisNexis(R) Headnotes


Civil Procedure > Parties > Joinder > General Overview
Civil Procedure > Class Actions > Prerequisites > Adequacy of Representation
Civil Procedure > Class Actions > Prerequisites > Numerosity
[HN1] Proponents of a class action must first satisfy the prerequisites of Fed.
R. Civ. P. 23(a): one or more members of a class may sue or be sued as
representative parties on behalf of all only if (1) the class is so numerous
that joinder of all members is impracticable, (2) there are questions of law or
fact common to the class, (3) the claims or defenses of the representative
parties are typical of the claims or defenses of the class, and (4) the
representative party will fairly and adequately protect the interests of the
class. Fed. R. Civ. P. 23(a).

Civil Procedure > Class Actions > Prerequisites > Commonality
Civil Procedure > Class Actions > Prerequisites > Numerosity
Civil Procedure > Class Actions > Prerequisites > Typicality
[HN2] If the requirements of numerosity, commonality, typicality, and adequacy
of representation under Fed. R. Civ. P. 23(a) are met, the class action must
also fit one of three subsections of Fed. R. Civ. P. 23(b).

Civil Procedure > Class Actions > Prerequisites > General Overview
[HN3] See Fed. R. Civ. P. 23(b)(2), (3).

Civil Procedure > Class Actions > Certification
Civil Procedure > Class Actions > Prerequisites > General Overview
[HN4] The proponents of a class action have the burden of proof as to each of
Fed. R. Civ. P. 23's requirements. If necessary, in deciding whether movants
have met their burden, the court may probe behind the pleadings before coming to
rest on the certification question.

Civil Procedure > Class Actions > Prerequisites > General Overview
[HN5] As a general rule a proposed class of at least 40 members will satisfy the
numerosity requirement for class certification.

Civil Procedure > Class Actions > Prerequisites > General Overview
[HN6] In class certification analyses generally the commonality and typicality
requirements tend to merge.

Civil Procedure > Class Actions > Prerequisites > General Overview
Civil Rights Law > General Overview
[HN7] For purposes of class certification in an employment discrimination
action, there is more to a showing of commonality than a demonstration that
class plaintiffs suffered discrimination on the basis of membership in a
particular group. The plaintiffs must make a significant showing to permit the
court to infer that members of the class suffered from a common policy of
discrimination that pervaded all of the employer's challenged employment
decisions.

Civil Procedure > Class Actions > Prerequisites > Commonality
[HN8] The commonality requirement is critical to a Fed. R. Civ. P. 23(a)
determination.

Civil Procedure > Class Actions > Certification
Civil Procedure > Class Actions > Prerequisites > General Overview
[HN9] Consideration of the merits of plaintiffs' case is generally inappropriate
at the class certification stage. A court may certainly decide dispositive
motions prior to determining whether the case can be maintained as a class
action, however. Once the court disposes of a claim, the court need not consider
the disposed-of claim as a basis for class certification.

Civil Procedure > Pleading & Practice > Defenses, Demurrers & Objections >
Denials
Civil Procedure > Class Actions > Prerequisites > General Overview
Labor & Employment Law > Discrimination > Actionable Discrimination
[HN10] Conceptually, there is a wide gap between (a) an individual's claim that
he has been denied a promotion on discriminatory grounds, and his otherwise
unsupported allegation that the company has a policy of discrimination, and (b)
the existence of a class of persons who have suffered the same injury as that
individual, such that the individual's claim and the class claims will share
common questions of law or fact and that the individual's claim will be typical
of the class claims. For the plaintiff to bridge that gap, he must prove much
more than the validity of his own claim. However, significant proof that an
employer operated under a general policy of discrimination conceivably could
justify a class of both applicants and employees if the discrimination
manifested itself in hiring and promotion practices in the same general fashion,
such as through entirely subjective decision-making processes.

Civil Procedure > Class Actions > Certification
Civil Procedure > Class Actions > Prerequisites > General Overview
Labor & Employment Law > Discrimination > Actionable Discrimination
[HN11] In an employment discrimination action, to answer the procedural
questions of Fed. R. Civ. P. 23 in effect requires answering the substantive
question whether, under either of the available theories, there exists the
requisite "pattern or practice" sufficiently and comparably affecting an
identifiable class of protected employees.

Civil Procedure > Class Actions > Prerequisites > General Overview
Labor & Employment Law > Discrimination > Actionable Discrimination
[HN12] For purposes of class certification in an employment discrimination
action, where a number of objective factors guide the employer's decision-making
process, the proposed class fits less neatly into the Falcon exception.

Labor & Employment Law > Discrimination > Disparate Impact > Employment
Practices > Selection Procedures > Subjective Criteria
Labor & Employment Law > Discrimination > Disparate Impact > Proof > Statistical
Evidence
Labor & Employment Law > Discrimination > Disparate Treatment > Proof >
Statistical Evidence
[HN13] Especially in disparate impact cases where an employer combines
subjective criteria with the use of more rigid standardized rules or tests, the
plaintiff is responsible for isolating and identifying the specific employment
practices that are allegedly responsible for any observed statistical
disparities.

Civil Procedure > Class Actions > Prerequisites > General Overview
Labor & Employment Law > Discrimination > Actionable Discrimination
[HN14] For purposes of class certification in an employment discrimination
action, commonality is found in a nationwide class with decentralized
decision-making when plaintiffs' statistical expert concludes that the pattern
of discrimination was company-wide and did not vary significantly by division.

Civil Procedure > Class Actions > Certification
Civil Procedure > Class Actions > Prerequisites > General Overview
[HN15] Under Fed. R. Civ. P. 23(b), the question is whether the proposed class
could be certified under Fed. R. Civ. P. 23(b)(2), Fed. R. Civ. P. 23(b)(3), or
a hybrid of the two. The inquiry focuses on the relief the plaintiffs seek.

Civil Procedure > Class Actions > Prerequisites > General Overview
Civil Procedure > Remedies > Damages > Monetary Damages
[HN16] Fed. R. Civ. P. 23(b)(2) is properly applied to cases that seek
injunctive or declaratory relief and does not extend to cases in which the
appropriate final relief relates exclusively or predominately to money damages.
Fed. R. Civ. P. 23 advisory committee's note (1966).

Civil Procedure > Class Actions > Prerequisites > General Overview
[HN17] Courts permit Fed. R. Civ. P. 23(b)(2) classes to recover monetary relief
in addition to declaratory or injunctive relief where the monetary relief does
not predominate.

Civil Procedure > Class Actions > Prerequisites > Commonality
[HN18] Fed. R. Civ. P. 23(b)(3)'s predominance criterion is far more demanding
than the commonality requirement of Fed. R. Civ. P. 23(a).

Civil Procedure > Class Actions > Prerequisites > Predominance
Labor & Employment Law > Discrimination > Actionable Discrimination
[HN19] For purposes of class certification in an employment discrimination
action, decentralized, locally autonomous subjective decision-making practices
present predominately individual, not common, issues.

Civil Procedure > Class Actions > Certification
Civil Procedure > Class Actions > Prerequisites > General Overview
[HN20] Another Fed. R. Civ. P. 23(b)(3) criterion is that a class action is
superior to other methods of adjudication.

Civil Procedure > Class Actions > Certification
Civil Procedure > Class Actions > Prerequisites > Predominance
[HN21] Hybrid class certification appropriate only assuming that certification
under Fed. R. Civ. P. 23(b)(3) otherwise is sound. Hybrid certification is
unavailable when common elements of proof would not predominate in any event so
as to meet the requirements of Fed. R. Civ. P. 23(b)(3).

Civil Procedure > Class Actions > Prerequisites > General Overview
[HN22] Fed. R. Civ. P. 23(b)(2) demands a showing that a defendant has acted or
refused to acts in ways generally applicable to the entire class.

COUNSEL:  [**1]  For Guadalupe L Garcia, Tony Jiminez, Patricia Jiminez, Mr X,
Mrs X, PLAINTIFFS: Alexander John Pires, Jr, Conlon, Frantz, Phelan & Pires,
Washington DC, USA.

For All Plaintiffs, PLAINTIFF: Alan Mitchell Wiseman, Howery Simon Arnold &
White, Washington DC, USA.

For Dan Glickman, FEDERAL DEFENDANT: Lisa Ann Olson, US Department of Justice,
Washington DC, USA. Jean Lin, US Department of Justice Civil Division, Federal
Programs Branch, Washington DC, USA.

For Ann V Veneman, FEDERAL DEFENDANT: Lisa Ann Olson, US Department of Justice,
Washington DC, USA.

For Gloria Moralez, Beatrice Garcia, Rodolfo Garza, Larry Chavarria, Robert
Chavarria, Ysidoro F Mendoza, Alberto A Acosta, Jimmy Alvarez, Elizabeth
Alvarez, David Flores, Patrick R Flores, Gilbert A Garcia, F Richard Llanez,
Edwardo R Lopez, Ismael O Medina, Sonja Meyers, Robert Ortega, Jr, Edward W
Provencio, George L Provencio, Alex Contreras, Joe Contreras, Louis Contreras,
Hector T Flores, Juan J Flores, Alberto M Ortega, Rene Ortega, Ruperto R
Rodriguez, Erasmo Valdez, Dionicio Valdezz, II, Arturo Vasquez, Rodolfo Vasquez,
David L Hinojosa, Sr, PLAINTIFFS: Phillip L Fraas, Washington DC, USA.

JUDGES: JAMES ROBERTSON,  [**2]  United States District Judge.

OPINION BY: JAMES ROBERTSON

OPINION


 [*17] MEMORANDUM

Plaintiffs are ten Hispanic farmers who complain of discrimination in the
administration of U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) loan and disaster
benefit programs. The named plaintiffs also sue on behalf of others similarly
situated, including 92 individuals named but not described in their second
amended complaint. Before the Court is plaintiffs' motion for class
certification. The motion has been extensively briefed, but plaintiffs have yet
to establish that there are questions of law or fact common to the class or that
such questions predominate over any questions affecting only individual members.
The motion must therefore be denied.

Background

This is one of a number of suits filed as class actions by minority and women
farmers in the wake of reports documenting discriminatory practices in local
USDA offices and the dismantling of the USDA's civil rights enforcement program
in the early 1980s. In 1998, concerned that farmers had relied to their
detriment upon USDA's (inoperative) internal mechanisms to investigate their
discrimination complaints, Congress extended the statute of limitations for
[**3]  filing complaints under the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, 15 U.S.C. §
1691 et seq., until October 21, 2000, to allow farmers who had filed
administrative complaints concerning USDA discrimination between 1981 and 1996
to bring suit in U.S. District Court. See Omnibus Consolidated and Emergency
Supplemental Appropriations Act, 1999, Pub. L. No. 105-277, Div. A § 101(a), §
741, 112 Stat. 2681 (Oct. 21, 1998) (codified at 7 U.S.C. § 2279 Notes). A
number of class actions were filed just before the end of the extended period of
limitations. USDA has settled a class action filed on behalf of African American
farmers, Pigford v. Glickman, 185 F.R.D. 82 (D.D.C. 1999), aff'd, 340 U.S. App.
D.C. 420, 206 F.3d 1212 (D.C. Cir. 2000). This action by Hispanic farmers,
however, as well as suits by Native American farmers, Keepseagle v. Veneman,
Civ. No. 99-3119, and female farmers, Love v. Veneman, Civ. No. 00-2502,
continue in litigation.

The Garcia plaintiffs allege that, from January 1, 1981, to the present, the
Farmers Home Administration and its successor, the Farm Service Agency,
discriminated against Hispanic [**4]  farmers and ranchers in making operating
loans, farm ownership loans, and emergency loans, and in awarding disaster
benefits. They also allege that the USDA acted unlawfully in failing to
investigate and resolve the discrimination complaints they filed.

The Farm Service Agency (FSA) administers various farm loan and subsidy
programs. FSA is the product of the 1994 merger of the Farmers Home
Administration (FmHA) (which directly made and guaranteed loans to farmers) and
the Agricultural Stabilization and Conservation Service (ASCS) (which provided
such services to farmers under commodity, price support, CRP, disaster payment
programs, and related services to stabilize farm income and prices, and to
assist in the conservation of land). The individual farmer's point of contact
with FSA, and with FmHA and ASCS before it, was at the county office level.
County committees, comprised of local farmers, reviewed and decided whether or
not to approve loan requests.

Procedural Background

This suit was filed on October 13, 2000, eight days before the expiration of the
extended statute of limitations. It was assigned to Judge Louis F. Oberdorfer,
transferred to Judge Royce C. Lamberth, and [**5]  transferred again, on
February 1, 2002, to me. On March 20, 2002, I ruled on defendant's motion to
dismiss, holding (1) that the Garcia plaintiffs were entitled to bring Equal
Credit Opportunity Act (ECOA) claims for discrimination in lending transactions
without administrative exhaustion; (2) that at least some of the named
plaintiffs' lending claims had been filed within the extended limitations
period; and (3) that plaintiffs' allegations of failure to investigate civil
rights complaints did not state claims under ECOA or the Administrative
Procedure Act.

The motion now before the Court seeks certification of a class defined as:


      [*18]  All Hispanic farmers and ranchers who farmed or ranched or
     attempted to do so and who were discriminated against on the basis of
     national origin or ethnicity in obtaining loans, including the
     servicing and continuation of loans, or in participating in disaster
     benefit programs administered in the United States Department of
     Agriculture, during the period from January 1, 1981 through December
     31, 1996, and timely complained about such treatment, or who
     experienced such discrimination from the period of October 13, 1998
     through the present.




 [**6] Analysis

Standards for class certification

 [HN1] Proponents of a class action must first satisfy the prerequisites of
Fed.R.Civ.P. 23(a):


     One or more members of a class may sue or be sued as representative
     parties on behalf of all only if (1) the class is so numerous that
     joinder of all members is impracticable, (2) there are questions of
     law or fact common to the class, (3) the claims or defenses of the
     representative parties are typical of the claims or defenses of the
     class, and (4) the representative party will fairly and adequately
     protect the interests of the class.



 [HN2] If those requirements of numerosity, commonality, typicality, and
adequacy of representation are met, the class action must also fit one of three
subsections of Rule 23(b), the second and third of which are pertinent to this
case:


      [HN3] An action may be maintained as a class action if...(2) the
     party opposing the class has acted or refused to act on grounds
     generally applicable to the class, thereby making appropriate final
     injunctive relief or corresponding declaratory relief with respect to
     the class as a whole; or (3) the court finds that the questions of law
     or fact common to the members [**7]  of the class predominate over any
     questions affecting only individual members, and that a class action
     is superior to other available methods for the fair and efficient
     adjudication of the controversy.


Fed.R.Civ.P. 23(b).

[HN4] The proponents of a class action have the burden of proof as to each of
Rule 23's requirements. See  McCarthy v. Kleindienst, 239 U.S. App. D.C. 247,
741 F.2d 1406, 1414 n.9 (D.C. Cir. 1984). If necessary, in deciding whether
movants have met their burden, the Court may "probe behind the pleadings before
coming to rest on the certification question." Gen. Tel. Co. of Southwest v.
Falcon, 457 U.S. 147, 160, 72 L. Ed. 2d 740, 102 S. Ct. 2364 (1982).

Rule 23(a) Analysis

Numerosity and Adequacy of Representation

Plaintiffs' showing of numerosity and adequacy of representation is not
seriously contested. The Second Amended Complaint names 98 plaintiffs; counsel
represent that 179 more Hispanic farmers have signed retainer agreements; and
plaintiffs estimate that their class could reach 20,000 people. Whether 20,000
is a reasonable estimate or not, 277 plaintiffs is easily a high enough number
to satisfy the numerosity requirement. See, e.g., In re Pepco Employment Litig.,
1992 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 18648, Civ. No. 86-0603, 1992 WL 442759, at *4 (D.D.C.
Dec. 4, 1992)  [**8]   [HN5] ("As a general rule...a proposed class of at least
40 members will satisfy this requirement").

As for adequacy of representation, the qualifications of plaintiffs' counsel are
conceded. Opposition at 28. Defendant does suggest that the facts underlying the
claims of the class representatives are not typical so that a "conflict of
interest" might arise. That conflict was not further described, see Opposition
at 27-28, but resolution of the issue is unnecessary to the disposition of this
motion.

Commonality and Typicality 1

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

1  [HN6] In class certification analyses generally, and certainly in this one,
the "commonality and typicality requirements tend to merge." Falcon, 457 U.S. at
158 n.13; Wagner v. Taylor, 266 U.S. App. D.C. 414, 836 F.2d 578, 590 n.77 (D.C.
Cir. 1987). The following analysis, written in terms of commonality, applies
fully to the typicality element as well.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

 [HN7] "There is more to a showing of commonality than a demonstration that
class  [*19]  plaintiffs suffered [**9]  discrimination on the basis of
membership in a particular group....plaintiffs must make a significant showing
to permit the court to infer that members of the class suffered from a common
policy of discrimination that pervaded all of the employer's challenged
employment decisions." Hartman v. Duffey, 305 U.S. App. D.C. 256, 19 F.3d 1459,
1472 (D.C. Cir. 1994) (emphasis added). Plaintiffs have failed to make that
"significant showing" in this case.

[HN8] The commonality requirement is critical to a Rule 23(a) determination. In
this case, plaintiffs make two central assertions to support their commonality
claim: 1) that all of the putative class members were injured by a systemic USDA
failure to investigate discrimination complaints made by Hispanic farmers who
applied for loans or disaster relief benefits; and 2) that USDA loan and benefit
programs were controlled by "local groups of white men who exercised unfettered
discretion in applying highly subjective standards to discriminate against
Hispanic and other minority farmers and ranchers." Plaintiffs' Supplemental
Memorandum in Support of their Motion for Class Certification ("Supplemental
Memorandum") at 34. On the basis of those two assertions,  [**10]  plus
statistical evidence showing that Hispanic farmers have received
disproportionately fewer USDA loans than white farmers, plaintiffs argue that
they have sustained their burden of establishing the commonality and typicality
elements that are crucial to class certification.

The first of those two assertions -- as to the USDA's failure to investigate
discrimination complaints -- cannot serve as the common issue of fact necessary
to a Rule 23(a) determination, after my ruling on March 20, 2002, that
plaintiffs' allegations of failure to investigate civil rights complaints did
not state a claim under the Equal Credit Opportunity Act or the Administrative
Procedure Act 2. What remains to establish commonality, then, is the allegation
of a subjective decision-making process with discriminatory results.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

2 That ruling separates this case from Pigford v. Glickman, 182 F.R.D. 341, 348
(D.D.C. 1998) and Keepseagle v. Veneman, Civ. No. 99-03119, Memorandum Opinion
and Order at 19-20 (D.D.C. Dec. 11, 2001), in which Judges Paul L. Friedman and
Emmet G. Sullivan based their class certification decisions at least partly on
common issues of law and fact arising from USDA's failure to process and
investigate discrimination complaints.

[HN9] Consideration of the merits of plaintiffs' case is generally inappropriate
at the class certification stage, see  Eisen v. Carlisle & Jacquelin, 417 U.S.
156, 177, 40 L. Ed. 2d 732, 94 S. Ct. 2140 (1974), and see  In re Veneman, 309
F.3d 789, 2002 WL 31414127, at *4 (D.C. Cir. 2002) (where the Court of Appeals
recently waved off the government's argument that the Keepseagle plaintiffs have
no viable ECOA claim by stating that the argument has "no bearing on the
question of class certification"). A court may certainly decide dispositive
motions prior to determining whether the case can be maintained as a class
action, however. See  Curtin v. United Airlines, Inc., 348 U.S. App. D.C. 309,
275 F.3d 88, 92 (D.C. Cir. 2001); Telfair v. First Union Mortgage Corp., 216
F.3d 1333, 1343 (11th Cir. 2000); Cowen v. Bank United of Tex., 70 F.3d 937, 941
(7th Cir. 1995); Wright v. Schock, 742 F.2d 541, 543-44 (9th Cir. 1984). Once
the court disposes of a claim, the court need not consider the disposed-of claim
as a basis for class certification. See  Thompson v. County of Medina, Ohio, 29
F.3d 238, 241 (6th Cir. 1994) ("We find that the district court did not abuse
its discretion in refusing to certify a class as to the issues disposed of on
summary judgment").
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

 [**11]  Before the Supreme Court rejected the 'across-the-board' rule that many
courts had been using to certify class actions in employment discrimination
cases, see  [*20]  Falcon, 457 U.S. at 157-58, such a premise may well have been
sufficient for class certification. In Falcon, the Court observed that:




      [HN10]

     Conceptually, there is a wide gap between (a) an individual's claim
     that he has been denied a promotion on discriminatory grounds, and his
     otherwise unsupported allegation that the company has a policy of
     discrimination, and (b) the existence of a class of persons who have
     suffered the same injury as that individual, such that the
     individual's claim and the class claims will share common questions of
     law or fact and that the individual's claim will be typical of the
     class claims. For respondent to bridge that gap, he must prove much
     more than the validity of his own claim.


 Falcon, 457 U.S. at 157-58 (footnote omitted). In a footnote to that opinion,
however, the Court speculated that "significant proof that an employer operated
under a general policy of discrimination conceivably could justify a class of
both applicants and employees if [**12]  the discrimination manifested itself in
hiring and promotion practices in the same general fashion, such as through
entirely subjective decision-making processes." Id. at 159 n.15 (emphasis
added); see  Wagner v. Taylor, 266 U.S. App. D.C. 414, 836 F.2d 578, 589 (D.C.
Cir. 1987).

Plaintiffs rely heavily on Falcon's footnote 15. They argue that the very
subjectivity of the USDA's county committee decision-making process, when
considered with the statistical results of that process, is enough of a showing
to support the certification of a class of plaintiffs making both disparate
treatment and disparate impact claims 3.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

3 Both of these theories must be kept in mind when considering the class
certification question, because  [HN11] "'to answer the procedural questions [of
Rule 23]...in effect requires answering the substantive question whether, under
either of the available theories, there exists the requisite 'pattern or
practice' sufficiently and comparably affecting an identifiable class of
protected employees.'" See  Wagner, 836 F.2d at 587 n.60 (quoting  Stastny v. S.
Bell Tel. & Tel. Co., 628 F.2d 267, 274 (4th Cir. 1980)).
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

 [**13]  The first, and most obvious, problem with this argument is its
characterization of the decision-making process used in connection with USDA
loan and benefit applications as "highly subjective." Falcon's note 15 suggests
that an "entirely subjective" process might "conceivably" justify class
certification. Falcon, 457 U.S. at 159 n.15. Slavish adherence to the word
"entirely" would be unwise, but  [HN12] where, as here, a number of objective
factors guide the decision-making process, the proposed class fits less neatly
into the Falcon exception. See  Vuyanich v. Republic Nat'l Bank of Dallas, 723
F.2d 1195, 1199-200 (5th Cir. 1984) ("The district court's finding that the Bank
relied on two objective inputs -- education and experience -- in its necessarily
subjective hiring process...precludes reliance on this 'general policy of
discrimination' exception"); Webb v. Merck & Co., 206 F.R.D. 399, 407 (E.D. Pa.
2002) ("Since defendant's decision-making processes with regard to promotion and
compensation are at least in part objective...plaintiffs cannot establish that
defendants utilized a decision-making process which was entirely [**14]
subjective for purposes of satisfying Rule 23(a)'s commonality and typicality
requirements"); Lott v. Westinghouse Savannah River Co., 200 F.R.D. 539, 560
(D.S.C. 2000) (rejecting plaintiffs' claim of commonality in part because "a
host of relevant objective factors guide the decision-maker's decision").

The regulations governing the decisions of county committees set forth eleven
eligibility criteria, at least eight of which (the first, second, sixth,
seventh, eighth, ninth, tenth and eleventh) cannot be properly characterized as
subjective. They are: 1) United States citizenship; 2) the legal capacity to
incur loan obligations; 3) education and/or farming experience in managing or
operating a farm or ranch; 4) character (emphasizing credit history, past record
of debt repayment and reliability); 5) a commitment to carrying out undertakings
and obligations; 6) inability to obtain credit elsewhere; 7) farm size (the farm
to be no larger than a family farm); 8) and 9) loan history (restricting the
permissible number of prior years in which the applicant executed a promissory
note for a "direct OL loan"); 10) no previous debt forgiveness causing a loss to
the Agency;  [**15]  and 11) no delinquency on any federal debt. See 7 C.F.R. §
1941.12(a)(operating loans) 4; see  [*21]  also 7 C.F.R. § 1943.12(a)(farm
ownership loans) 5.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

4 The objectivity of these criteria is one of the factual distinctions between
this case and the recently-decided case McReynolds v. Sodexho Marriott Servs.,
Inc., 208 F.R.D. 428 (D.D.C. 2002). The Court in McReynolds certified a
nationwide class of African American employees who had made disparate impact and
treatment claims in regard to Sodexho's employment practices, including a
decentralized, subjective promotion process. See  McReynolds, 208 F.R.D. at
440-41. In that case, however, the Court based its holding on the fact that the
decision-making process in that case was entirely subjective, pursuant to the
stated Falcon exception: "Falcon's footnote 15...carved out an exception...for
'entirely subjective decisionmaking processes'...what is significant [here] is
that the determination of which criteria to use is left entirely to the
individual manager." Id. at 442 (emphasis in original) (citation omitted). The
presence of at least some mandatory objective criteria in the decision-making
process take this case out of the purview of the Falcon exception, and
distinguish this case from McReynolds.
[**16]

5 Citations are to the current provisions of the Code of Federal Regulations.
The parties have not indicated that these provisions have materially changed
over the relevant time period.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

The issue presented by this case was considered five years ago by Judge Thomas
A. Flannery in Williams v. Glickman, 1997 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 1683, Civ. No.
95-1149, 1997 WL 198110 (D.D.C. Apr. 15, 1997) (Williams II). In Williams II,
Judge Flannery denied a motion for reconsideration of his previous denial of
class certification to a group of African American and Hispanic farmers claiming
discrimination arising out of the USDA loan application process. The Williams
plaintiffs had based their suggestion of commonality on the allegation that
county supervisors were subjectively applying the loan standards in a
discriminatory fashion. Williams II at *2. After reviewing the same criteria
involved in this case, Judge Flannery held that plaintiffs had not satisfied the
commonality requirement:


     [Plaintiffs' assertion does] not constitute significant proof of an
     entirely subjective decision-making process[], [**17]  as required by
     Falcon. The plaintiffs appear to be arguing that local officials are
     ignoring applicable standards, not that such officials operate in a
     system without standards which allows them to make decisions
     subjectively. The plaintiffs, then, are not really describing "common
     practices" under Falcon.


Id. (emphasis in original) (footnote omitted).

Plaintiffs assert that this case is not like Williams II, because here they are
indeed alleging that the system permits unfettered, highly subjective
decision-making, and they assert that their statistics will demonstrate the
discriminatory results of that system. Plaintiffs' expert, Dr. Jerry A. Hausman,
offers the opinion that Hispanic farmers are less likely to receive loans than
whites. See Hausman Declaration at P 15. What Dr. Hausman's analysis does not
show, or purport to show, however, is that this fact is attributable to any one,
or more, of the arguably subjective criteria that are part of the loan approval
process. A statistical analysis demonstrating that Hispanic farmers are
disproportionately disqualified on grounds of "character" or "commitment," 7
C.F.R. § 1941.12(a)  [**18]  , might well support a finding of commonality as to
those criteria, which are indeed subjective. Dr. Hausman's analysis, however,
fails to tie the statistical disparity he observes to any one or more subjective
criterion and thus fails to establish that subjective decision-making is common
to the proposed class. See  Webb, 206 F.R.D. at 408 n.2 (finding plaintiffs'
proffered statistics neither instructive nor determinative when they did not
account for non-discriminatory variables) 6. Here, as in Hartman, "plaintiffs'
statistics may have demonstrated that discrimination against...applicants...was
afoot, [but] nothing in the record so far permits the additional inference that
class members  [*22]  suffered a common injury." 19 F.3d at 1472 (emphasis in
original) 7.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

6 Plaintiffs blame their inability to present better statistical proof on
defendant's databases, which do not contain specific reasons for the denials of
loan and benefit applications made by Hispanic farmers. Plaintiffs cite cases
such as De Medina v. Reinhardt, 222 U.S. App. D.C. 371, 686 F.2d 997 (D.C. Cir.
1982), and Segar v. Smith, 238 U.S. App. D.C. 103, 738 F.2d 1249 (D.C. Cir.
1984), for the basic proposition that they should be permitted to proceed with a
"reduced level of proof [as] relevant qualification data are unavailable...." De
Medina, 686 F.2d at 1009, n.7. De Medina and Segar, however, both dealt with
attempts to make out prima facie cases of discrimination. Plaintiffs do not
explain how such cases apply to a motion for class certification. Perhaps they
are suggesting that, in the absence of better USDA data, their "across the
board" showing ought to shift the burden of disproving commonality to defendant,
requiring defendant to show that Hispanic farmers' applications were rejected
for objective reasons, just as proof of a prima facie case shifts the burden of
proof in a Title VII case. If that is the suggestion, it is unsupported by case
authority and unpersuasive.

More troubling are plaintiffs' assertions that defendant has engaged in the
destruction of relevant documents in violation of document retention
regulations. This assertion is the stated reason for plaintiffs' very recent
motion for an order requiring that defendant preserve all documents "conceivably
relevant" to the litigation. Plaintiffs urge that wrongful destruction would
warrant an adverse inference against defendant. It is not clear whether such an
inference could be used to support a Rule 23(a) commonality finding -- no
precedent to that effect has been cited by plaintiffs, and we have found none --
but the assertion of document destruction is unproven, and the question is thus
premature.
[**19]

7 Plaintiffs' statistical problem is endemic to the entire class certification
motion, but is particularly toxic to their claim of disparate impact  [HN13] "
Especially in [disparate impact] cases where an employer combines subjective
criteria with the use of more rigid standardized rules or tests, the plaintiff
is in our view responsible for isolating and identifying the specific employment
practices that are allegedly responsible for any observed statistical
disparities." Wards Cove Packing Co. v. Atonio, 490 U.S. 642, 656, 104 L. Ed. 2d
733, 109 S. Ct. 2115 (1989) (emphasis added) (quoting  Watson v. Fort Worth Bank
& Trust, 487 U.S. 977, 994, 101 L. Ed. 2d 827, 108 S. Ct. 2777 (1988) (O'Connor,
J., concurring)); see  Lu v. Woods, 717 F. Supp. 886, 890 (D.D.C. 1989).
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Commonality is defeated -- not only by plaintiffs' inability to correlate the
discrimination they allege with subjective loan qualification criteria -- but
also by the large numbers and geographic dispersion of the decision-makers. See
Stastny v. S. Bell Tel. & Tel. Co., 628 F.2d 267, 279 (4th Cir. 1980)
("substantial degree of [**20]  and perhaps almost complete local autonomy in
separate facilities...cuts against any inference for class action commonality
purposes that local facility practices were imposed or enforced state-wide with
respect to a statewide class"); Webb, 206 F.R.D. at 406 (commonality and
typicality lacking when plaintiffs' claim based on "individual decisions made by
hundreds if not thousands of individual managers at all of these
organizations"); Carson v. Giant Food, Inc., 187 F. Supp. 2d 462, 471 (D. Md.
2002) ("Putative class members worked in at least thirteen different facilities,
located at five different towns or cities. This geographical diversity itself
would make class treatment inappropriate"); Zachery v. Texaco Exploration and
Prod., Inc., 185 F.R.D. 230, 239 (W.D. Tex. 1999) ("In this case, the proposed
class is spread across fifteen states in seventeen separate business units, each
of which, until 1998, had varying degrees of autonomy over evaluation and
promotion decisions...delving into the practices of each local business unit and
conceivably even into the individual decisions is precisely the type of
individualized inquiry that [**21]  class actions were designed to avoid").

The thousands of Hispanic farmers plaintiffs seek to represent have dealt with
hundreds, if not thousands, of local FSA officials, in more that 2,700 county
offices across the country, over a 19-year period. See Plaintiffs' Reply to
Defendant's Opposition at 12. Those farmers' allegations of discrimination
cannot be sorted out without individualized inquiries regarding the practices of
the various county committees 8. Plaintiffs' statistical analysis does not
inform this issue, because it is not broken down by county, or even by state.
[HN14] Commonality has been found in a nationwide class with decentralized
decision-making when "plaintiffs' statistical expert concluded that this pattern
of discrimination was company-wide and did not vary significantly by division,"
see  McReynolds, 208 F.R.D. at 441 (emphasis added), but here, plaintiffs have
proffered only a national average of loan ratios. See  Stastny, 628 F.2d at 279
(rejecting statistical evidence that showed only overall disparities instead of
disparities by individual facility).

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

8 The geographic dispersion of the decision-makers is especially damaging to the
assertion of commonality with regard to plaintiffs' disparate treatment claim. A
successful disparate treatment plaintiff must establish discriminatory intent on
the part of the decisionmaker. That proof would have to be adduced on at least a
county-by-county basis. See, e.g., Brooks v. Circuit City Stores, Inc., 1996
U.S. Dist. LEXIS 9869, Civ.A. No. DKC 95-3296, 1996 WL 406684 at *4-5 (D. Md.
June 17, 1996); cf.  Cook v. Boorstin, 246 U.S. App. D.C. 201, 763 F.2d 1462,
1472 (D.C. Cir. 1985) (dictum) (Court suggested that disparate treatment
plaintiffs may have met typicality requirement through use of affidavits and
memoranda showing Library of Congress, as sole source of decision-making
authority, engaged in discrimination through its subjective standards).
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -


 [**22] Rule 23(b) Analysis

 [HN15] Under Rule 23(b), the question is whether the proposed class could be
certified under Rule 23(b)(2), Rule 23(b)(3), or a hybrid of the two. The
inquiry focuses on the relief plaintiffs seek.

Rule 23(b)(2)

 [HN16] Rule 23(b)(2) is properly applied to cases that seek injunctive or
declaratory relief and "does not extend to cases in which the appropriate final
relief relates exclusively or predominately to money damages." Fed.R.Civ.P. 23
Advisory Committee's Note  [*23]  (1966).  [HN17] Courts have permitted (b)(2)
classes to recover monetary relief in addition to declaratory or injunctive
relief where the monetary relief does not predominate, see  Eubanks v.
Billington, 324 U.S. App. D.C. 41, 110 F.3d 87, 92 (D.C. Cir. 1997), but when,
exactly, a claim for monetary relief comes to predominate over a claim for
declaratory or injunctive relief has not been decided in this Circuit, nor is
the caselaw uniform in other Circuits. In the Fifth, Eleventh and Seventh
Circuits "monetary relief predominates in (b)(2) class actions unless it is
incidental to requested injunctive or declaratory relief. By incidental, we mean
damages that flow directly from liability to the class as a whole [**23]  on the
claims forming the basis of the injunctive or declaratory relief." Allison v.
Citgo Petroleum Corp., 151 F.3d 402, 415 (5th Cir. 1998) (internal citations
omitted) (emphasis in original); Murray v. Auslander, 244 F.3d 807, 812 (11th
Cir. 2001); Jefferson v. Ingersoll Int'l Inc., 195 F.3d 894, 898 (7th Cir. 1999)
. The Second Circuit's approach is more flexible and ad hoc. See  Robinson v.
Metro-North Commuter R.R. Co., 267 F.3d 147, 164 (2d Cir. 2001) (rejecting
Allison "incidental" approach in favor of ad hoc balancing of the relative
importance of the remedies sought).

One might expect the District of Columbia Circuit to find the Second Circuit's
ad hoc balancing more persuasive than the Fifth Circuit's bright-line rule, see
Taylor v. D.C. Water & Sewer Auth., 205 F.R.D. 43, 50 (D.D.C. 2002), but the
outcome of that debate would not affect the instant case, because in this case
the monetary relief plaintiffs seek predominates under any applicable test.
Plaintiffs' Second Amended Complaint seeks damages of $ 20 billion, or $ 1
million per class member in an estimated class of 20,000 people.  [**24]  The
only declaratory relief it seeks is an order declaring that plaintiffs and the
Class members were denied equal credit and other farm program benefits and that
plaintiffs have a right to full and timely enforcement of their civil rights
discrimination complaints. 2d Amended Complaint at P 120. It seeks no injunctive
relief at all 9. Judge Flannery came to the same conclusion in Williams v.
Glickman (Williams I), 1997 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 1683, Civ. No 95-1149, Memorandum
Opinion (D.D.C. February 14, 1997), a suit very much like this one that he found
to be "essentially a suit to recover damages, not to obtain injunctive relief."
Williams I, Memorandum Opinion at 19.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

9 If plaintiffs' complaint-processing claim were still in the case, their prayer
for "specific performance with respect to their program benefits" (under a claim
of violation of the Administrative Procedure Act), 2d Amended Complaint P 129,
might support the provisional certification of a Rule 23(b)(2) class. The fate
of such a certification is at least uncertain after In re Veneman, 309 F.3d 789,
[WL] at *1, however, and it is also worth noting that the class ultimately
certified in Pigford for purposes of the settlement consent decree was a Rule
23(b)(3) class. See  Pigford v. Glickman, 185 F.R.D. 82, 94 (D.D.C. 1999) ("The
parties in this case agreed that it was more appropriate -- and fairer to the
members of the class -- to ask the Court to certify the class under Rule
23(b)(3) for all purposes, particularly since the proposed settlement involves
primarily monetary relief"), aff'd 340 U.S. App. D.C. 420, 206 F.3d 1212 (D.C.
Cir. 2000).
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -


 [**25] Rule 23(b)(3)

 [HN18] Rule 23(b)(3)'s predominance criterion is far more demanding than the
commonality requirement of Rule 23(a). See  Amchem Prods., Inc. v. Windsor, 521
U.S. 591, 623-24, 138 L. Ed. 2d 689, 117 S. Ct. 2231 (1997). Numerous cases have
held that  [HN19] decentralized, locally autonomous subjective decision-making
practices present predominately individual, not common, issues in discrimination
cases. In Jackson v. Motel 6 Multipurpose, Inc., 130 F.3d 999 (11th Cir. 1997),
for example, a proposed nationwide class of Motel 6 employees could not sustain
a class action suit alleging racial discrimination because the widely-dispersed
class did not satisfy Rule 23(b)'s predominance requirement:


     The Jackson plaintiffs' claims will require distinctly case-specific
     inquiries into the facts surrounding each alleged incident of
     discrimination....Furthermore, even factual issues that are common to
     many of the Jackson plaintiffs...will require highly case-specific
     determinations at trial. These issues are clearly predominant over the
     only issue arguably common to the class -- whether Motel 6 has a
     practice or policy of racial discrimination.


  [*24]  Jackson, 130 F.3d at 1006. [**26]  Similar results, on similar
reasoning, were reached in Carson, 187 F. Supp. 2d at 471-72 (highly individual
nature of discrimination claims concerning subjective decision-making at various
facilities precluded fulfillment of predominance requirement); Reid v. Lockheed
Martin Aeronautics Co., 205 F.R.D. 655, 684 (N.D. Ga. 2001) (discrimination suit
challenging subjective practices in several facilities could not meet
predominance requirement because court would focus on individual circumstance of
each member of plaintiff class); Ramirez v. DeCoster, 194 F.R.D. 348, 353 (D.
Me. 2000) ("Because each worker's exposure to this subjective
decision-making...will vary in nature and degree, any trial on 'class' issues
will quickly erode into a series of individual trials focused on issues specific
to each worker"); Riley v. Compucom Sys., Inc., 2000 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 4096, No.
398 CV1876L, 2000 WL 343189 at * 6 (N.D. Tex. March 31, 2000) (discrimination
claims of geographically dispersed class regarding subjective decision-making
process did not pass predominance requirement because they "failed to appreciate
the overwhelming number of individual-specific [**27]  issues") (internal
quotation omitted); Brooks v. Circuit City Stores, 1996 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 9869,
No. 95-3296, [WL] at *6 (D. Md. June 17, 1996) (common questions did not
predominate when discrimination claims centered on subjective decision-making of
management at different store locations); Celestine v. Citgo Petroleum Corp.,
165 F.R.D. 463, 470 (W.D. La. 1995) (although attack on defendant's subjective
decision-making policies survived 23(a) commonality test, case presented need
for individualized evidence regarding each plaintiff's discrimination
allegations, so individual questions predominated).

The instant case, if allowed to proceed as a class action, would quickly devolve
into hundreds or perhaps thousands of individual inquiries about each claimant's
particular circumstances. No individual plaintiff could prevail without scrutiny
of his or her individual loan application to determine whether the application
was "feasible" in terms of such objective criteria as an applicant's financial
qualifications and repayment ability. Williams I, Memorandum Opinion at 20. Even
if the presence of classwide discrimination were established, individual issues
would be [**28]  much more important to any claimant's recovery.

[HN20] Another Rule 23(b)(3) criterion, that a class action is superior to other
methods of adjudication, does favor the plaintiffs, if it is permissible as part
of the class certification process to consider (a) the increased likelihood of
settlement after class certification, and (b) the accelerated pace of individual
determinations that can be expected in a class settlement. The Pigford case,
frustrating as it has been to the parties in some respects, has successfully
resolved thousands of individual cases with streamlined awards of $ 50,000 or
with Teamster-type hearings. See  Pigford v. Veneman, 292 F.3d 918, 920 (D.C.
Cir. 2002); Pigford v. Veneman: Consent Decree in Class Action Suit by African
American Farmers, Background and Current Status, at http:
//www.usda.gov/da/consentsum.htm. It seems unlikely that USDA would have
proceeded nearly as quickly on individual Black farmer cases were it not for the
class action settlement. A class action may indeed be superior to other methods
of adjudicating the claims of Hispanic farmers. Without predominant of common
questions of law or fact, however, that superiority [**29]  is not enough to
sustain class certification.

Hybrid Certification

Plaintiffs urge consideration of a hybrid class like that authorized by Eubanks,
supra. Such a class would be certified under Rule 23(b)(2) for purposes of
injunctive and declaratory relief, and under Rule 23(b)(3) for monetary damages.
See Supplemental Memorandum at 39-40. There are a two impediments to this
request. First, it is out of the question that this class could be certified
under Rule 23(b)(3), because of the predominance issues discussed above, so the
proposed class would not really be a hybrid, but rather a Rule 23(b)(2) class
with a different name. See  Jefferson, 195 F.3d at 899  [HN21] (hybrid class
certification appropriate only "assuming that certification under Rule 23(b)(3)
otherwise is sound") (dictum); Cooper v. Southern Co., 205 F.R.D. 596, 631 (N.D.
Ga. 2001) (hybrid certification unavailable  [*25]  when "common elements of
proof would not predominate in any event so as to meet the requirements of
(b)(3)"); Lott, 200 F.R.D. at 563 (hybrid certification inappropriate because
23(b)(3) could not be satisfied, and hybrid certification "requires [**30]
satisfaction of both the (b)(2) and (b)(3) requirements").

Second, it is not at all certain that this class could be certified under Rule
23(b)(2), even temporarily. See  In re Veneman, 309 F.3d 789, [WL] at *1.
[HN22] Rule 23(b)(2) demands a showing that a defendant has acted or refused to
acts in ways generally applicable to the entire class. Here, the
decentralization of loan and other benefits decision could negate such a finding
of general applicability. See  Webb, 206 F.R.D. at 409 ("Here, there are just
too many individual issues which prevent this action from being certified under
Rule 23(b)(2). The fact finder would have to review literally thousands of
individual decisions made by hundreds of individual managers...at six different
facilities"); Riley, 2000 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 4096, [WL] at *3.

An appropriate order accompanies this memorandum.

JAMES ROBERTSON

United States District Judge

ORDER

For the reasons set forth in the accompanying memorandum, plaintiffs' motion for
class certification [18] is denied.

A status conference is set for December 18, 2002, at 10 A.M. SO ORDERED this 2nd
day of December 2002.

JAMES ROBERTSON

[**31]  United States District Judge


                               11 of 90 DOCUMENTS

            Copyright (c) 2015 University of Pennsylvania Journal of
                               Constitutional Law
            University of Pennsylvania Journal of Constitutional Law

                                 October, 2015

            University of Pennsylvania Journal of Constitutional Law

                           18 U. Pa. J. Const. L. 145

LENGTH: 32197 words

ARTICLE: The Judgment Fund: America's Deepest Pocket & Its Susceptibility to
Executive Branch Misuse

NAME: Paul F. Figley*

BIO: * Associate Director, Legal Rhetoric Program, American University
Washington College of Law, where he teaches Torts and Legal Rhetoric. Formerly
Deputy Director, Torts Branch, Civil Division, U.S. Department of Justice. My
sincere gratitude to Adeen Postar, Joseph W. Gross, Katie Wright, John C.
Heinbockel, and J. Ryan Sims for their patience and research assistance. Thanks
also to the staff of the Journal for its excellent work in improving this
Article.

TEXT:
 [*146]

   Introduction

 For two hundred years, Congress struggled to find an effective method for
deciding and paying disputed claims against the government. n1 It sought to
retain control over payments made from the public fisc, a responsibility
assigned to it by the Appropriations Clause, but by a method that did not drown
its members in administrative detail. Its pursuit of these two contending goals
led it to try different approaches. By the 1960s, the myriad steps taken by
Congress resulted in a significant transfer of power that was neither foreseen
nor sought. n2 In the subsequent four decades, Congress followed that same path
to the point where it has now ceded almost all authority over claims payments
and greatly reduced its ability to track those expenditures.

    [*147]  The Judgment Fund n3 is the mechanism Congress established to pay
most settlements and judgments against the federal government. n4 The Fund,
originally created in 1956 and limited then to paying judgments of $ 100,000 or
less, was repeatedly expanded until the current, 1977 version that automatically
pays settlements and judgments regardless of amount. n5 It is "a permanent,
indefinite appropriation for the satisfaction of judgments, awards, and
compromise settlements against the United States." n6 The Judgment Fund is
available only under specific circumstances, n7 but when available it makes
payments without any review by Congress. n8 The government uses it to pay out
billions of dollars every year, n9 yet there is no practical way for Congress or
the public to track where Judgment Fund money goes. n10

   The Judgment Fund sits at the intersection of two longstanding policies
rooted in the Republic's foundational documents: legislative branch authority
over the purse and public accounting of government expenditures. The
Constitution addresses them both in Clause 7 of Article I, Section 9: "No Money
shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by
Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all
public Money shall be published from time to time." n11 The first half of Clause
7, the Appropriations Clause, was not much discussed at the Constitutional
Convention. n12 The second half of Clause 7, the Statement  [*148]  and Accounts
Clause, was debated; George Mason's proposal to require annual reports of
expenditures was opposed by James Madison and rejected. n13

   This Article analyzes why it made sense for Congress to create the Judgment
Fund, why Congress should require better reporting of payments made, and why it
should consider reasserting some control over huge settlements that, in
practical effect, create new government claims programs. The Article follows two
strands: Congress's desire to have claims handled by another branch, despite its
authority over appropriations, and the public's right to know about government
expenditures.

   This Article in Part I examines the history of federal payment of claims, the
transition from legislative control over that process to creation of the
Judgment Fund, and subsequent congressional efforts to have agencies reimburse
the Fund for some categories of payments. Part II addresses the history of
public disclosure of claims payments. Part III assesses how the Judgment Fund
might be exploited and the problems caused by the lack of transparency of its
payments. This discussion addresses legislative authority to use the Fund for
new purposes that may be inconsistent with its original intent, executive branch
control over its disbursements, and the potential for government attorneys,
acting for political or personal reasons, to improperly help favored claimants
by agreeing to unwarranted settlements or by pulling punches in litigation. This
Part examines the latter problem in the contexts of settlements of single
events, "sue and settle" litigation, and class settlements. Part IV proposes
improvements for the Judgment Fund and claims payment practices. It suggests
that Congress consider retrieving its authority to require that the
appropriations process be used to fund new claims programs, such as the Hispanic
or Female Farmer's Claims Process the Obama Administration, unilaterally
established and financed with Judgment Fund money. n14 Part IV also includes
several proposals to make reimbursement processes and claims payments
transparent, retrievable, and public.

[*149]

   I. A Brief History of the United States' Payment of Claims & the Creation of
the Judgment Fund

 The Appropriations Clause puts the power of the purse - the authority to spend
public funds - in the hands of Congress. n15 The Clause requires that Congress
pass an appropriation before funds can be paid out of the Treasury. n16 The
Appropriations Clause directly pertains to any claim for money damages from the
federal government. n17 It requires a specific funding source for any government
payment, including settlements and court-ordered judgments. n18 Agency
appropriations cannot be used to pay judgments against the United States or its
agencies, absent specific authorizing legislation. n19 Such legislation could be
an appropriation for a particular settlement  [*150]  or judgment, a general
appropriation for categories of settlements or judgments, or a statute that
authorizes payments from a pre-existing appropriation. n20 If Congress chose not
to appropriate money to pay a judgment, the judgment would not be paid. n21
Accordingly, until Congress had enacted an applicable waiver of the United
States' sovereign immunity, the federal government could not be sued for
damages. n22

   A. The Period of Administrative-Legislative Resolution of Claims

 The absence of an applicable waiver of sovereign immunity in the early Republic
n23 did not leave citizens without a remedy. The First Amendment gave each
citizen the right "to petition the Government for a redress of grievances." n24
Individuals used that right to seek private legislation granting them financial
remedies for claims against the government. n25 From the outset, Congress
directly resolved individual claims with legislation. The first such bill was
passed in September of 1789. n26 More than 700 petitions were presented to the
First Congress. n27 Congress organized itself to process such claims. n28 In
[*151]  1794, the House established the Committee on Claims and later
established other committees for specific categories of claims. n29 The Senate
did likewise. n30

   Congress did try other mechanisms for resolving claims. Beginning in 1784,
the Confederation Congress had used a three-member Board of Treasury to hear
claims against the national government and report back to Congress. n31
Maintaining a tight rein on the Board and each claim, the Confederation Congress
kept control over payments. n32 When the Constitution was ratified in 1789,
Congress adopted a similar approach. n33 It established commissions and auditors
to evaluate claims, but retained the authority to decide whether and how much to
pay. n34 The statute that established the Department of the Treasury provided
for Treasury auditors to receive and examine claims, and then forward them to
the Comptroller for final decision. n35 The congressional committee system and
the Treasury Department system complemented one another, with Treasury handling
routine contract matters while Congress dealt with non-contract matters and
appeals of Treasury determinations. n36 Undisputed claims could be paid
promptly. n37 The only recourse for those whose claims were denied was to
petition Congress for relief. n38

    [*152]  Congress tried different administrative approaches for handling
disputed claims. A 1792 statute pertaining to claims for Revolutionary War
pensions called upon circuit courts to consider evidence, reach conclusions, and
forward them "to the Secretary of War, together with their opinion in
writing...." n39 The statute further provided that if the Secretary suspected a
mistake, he was to withhold payment and report the matter to Congress. n40 The
question of whether Congress could require judicial officers to make such
advisory opinions reached the Supreme Court in Hayburn's Case, n41 but before an
opinion was rendered, Congress amended the statute to require the courts to only
take evidence and forward it to the Secretary of War. n42

   An 1816 statute for property claims arising from the War of 1812 provided for
the appointment of a single commissioner whose decisions in favor of claimants
were final and binding on the government. n43 The commissioner was so generous
in his awards that President James Madison suspended the commission's
proceedings until Congress could reconsider the grant of authority. n44 Congress
amended the statute to require review by the Secretary of War for all awards
over $ 200. n45 The problems raised by this profligate commissioner adversely
[*153]  influenced Congress's willingness to grant other tribunals the authority
to make binding judgments on disputed claims. n46

   Initially, claims payments were made from general appropriations. n47 As
Congress increasingly specified the permissible uses of particular
appropriations, claims that had been approved but did not fall within those
specifications could not be paid until a suitable appropriation was made. n48
Accordingly, parties whose claims had been approved might not be paid for some
time. n49

   From the 1820s to 1855, claims were resolved principally through the
congressional claims process. n50 Initially, the system seemed to function
adequately, n51 but dissatisfaction grew in Congress because of the legislative
time spent on claims and the poor results that were obtained. In 1832, John
Quincy Adams argued that deciding private claims "is judicial business, and
legislative assemblies ought to have nothing to do with it." n52 In 1838, the
House Committee on Claims issued a report on the congressional claims system.
n53 It noted that the first three Congresses received 2,317 petitions, while the
three Congresses immediately preceding the report received 14,602 petitions, of
which only 5,891 were "acted on" at all, n54 and only 603 "passed both Houses."
n55 The committee recognized that claims were delayed and lingered from one
session to another. n56

    [*154]  In 1848, the House Committee on Claims issued another report on the
claims system, updating the statistics from the 1838 report: "During the ten
years embraced in these five Congresses, out of 16,573 petitions of private
claimants to the House of Representatives, and 3,436 bills reported, only 1,796
passed the House, and but 910 passed both Houses." n57 The 1848 report noted
other problems including, inter alia, unjust delays, ex parte testimony, gaming
of the committee system to find a favorable forum, and manipulation to "procure
passage of claims having no merit whatever." n58 It complained that private
claims consumed one third of the time of the House of Representatives. n59

   In the early 1850s, the scent of scandal increased the momentum for change.
Claims were jumbled and confused; Congress paid one $ 7000 claim twice. n60
Congressmen degraded their office by acting as claims representatives. n61 The
potential for bribery was real and ever-present. n62 In December of 1854,
Senator Richard Brodhead, speaking in favor of a bill to create a board of
commissioners to decide private claims, summarized problems of the old system,
including: the postponement of "honest claims"; the expenditure of time; the
difficulties of a legislative body deciding "facts of a case"; the constant
pressure from "private claimants, and their agents or attorneys"; and the
unseemliness of "private claims [being] either passed or pressed into the
appropriation bills the last nights of our sessions, contrary to the rules of
the Senate, and injurious to the character of Congress." n63

[*155]

   B. The Court of Claims

 Finally, in 1855 Congress acted. It passed the Court of Claims Act, n64 marking
the first step towards a system in which claims would be heard by judges. n65
The original Court of Claims was empowered to: hear claims based on federal
laws, regulations, or contracts; promulgate its own rules; issue subpoenas; and
take evidence. n66 The statute provided that government attorneys defend the
United States and that both parties could cross-examine witnesses. n67 The court
lacked authority to enter final judgments; instead, it forwarded reports and
draft bills to Congress for enactment. n68 Money to pay claims came from
enactment of specific bills. n69

   When it received the first reports from the Court of Claims, the House
debated whether to deal with them as final judgments ready to be paid, or as
proposals to be sent to the various claims committees for extensive review. n70
It chose to send them to the committees, effectively treating the new court as
an advisory board. n71 This decision destroyed the effectiveness of the Court of
Claims and gave new life to the legislative claims system. n72 Claimants who
lost in the court appealed  [*156]  to Congress; claimants who won had to await
an appropriation, and Congress closely examined pro-claimant decisions. n73
Indeed, Court of Claims judgments from 1855 to 1860 totaled $ 529,000, but by
1860 Congress had paid only half that amount. n74

   The inequities and delays of the old, legislative system persisted. n75 In
1857, three members of the House were caught up in claims and bribery scandals.
n76 The number of claims increased dramatically with the coming of the Civil
War. n77 In his first inaugural address, President Abraham Lincoln recognized
that the claims system was broken. n78 With the goal of freeing Congress's time
so that it could deal with broader questions, he urged that the Court of Claims
be granted authority to make final judgments:



   It is apparent that the attention of Congress will be more than usually
engaged, for some time to come, with great national questions. It was intended,
by the organization of the Court of Claims, mainly to remove this branch of
business from the halls of Congress; but while the court has proved to be an
effective and valuable means of investigation, it in great degree fails to
effect the object of its creation for want of power to make its judgments final.
n79

 Both houses of Congress promptly considered but did not enact bills that would
make claims judgments final. n80 In 1862, the overwhelming number of war claims
led them to renew their efforts. n81

   President Lincoln's recommendation that claims be adjudicated by the
judiciary n82 was adopted when Congress passed the Amended  [*157]  Court of
Claims Act of 1863. n83 This statute gave the Court of Claims authority to enter
final judgments, subject to a right of appeal to the Supreme Court. n84 It
expanded the court's jurisdiction over claims based on federal laws,
regulations, or contracts to also include set-offs and counterclaims. n85 The
statute prohibited members of Congress from representing claimants before the
court. n86 It also addressed the source of payments of final judgments, stating
that they "be paid out of any general appropriation made by law for the payment
and satisfaction of private claims." n87 Accordingly, individual judgments could
be paid without the need for a case-specific appropriation. n88 Congress made
periodic appropriations to pay those judgments, beginning in 1864. n89

   The jurisdiction of the Court of Claims over claims based on federal laws,
regulations, or contracts remained substantially the same  [*158]  until 1887.
n90 Congress continued to use the legislative claims system to resolve other
claims, principally for takings under the Fifth Amendment and torts. n91 For
those claims the problems of the legislative system persisted - the mass of
private claims consumed Congress's time and attention, meritorious claims were
delayed or left unresolved, and little was accomplished. n92

   In 1887, Congress enacted the Tucker Act, which expanded the Court of
Claims's jurisdiction to also include "claims founded upon the Constitution ...
or for damages ... in [non-tort] cases ... [for] which claims the party would be
entitled to redress against the United States either in a court of law, equity,
or admiralty if the United States were suable...." n93 A key purpose of the act
was to remove congressional responsibility for deciding "a large mass of private
claims which were encumbering our business and preventing our discharging our
duties...." n94 With its expanded jurisdiction, the Court of Claims had new
responsibility for cases arising from admiralty contracts, tax refunds, takings,
and pay disputes. n95 Judgments adverse to the United States were reported to
Congress n96 which appropriated funds to pay them. n97 Later statutes reinforced
the practice of appropriating for specific judgments. n98

[*159]

   C. The Federal Tort Claims Act

 One large category of claims remained largely in congressional hands for
another six decades - tort claims against the government. n99 Using the
legislative claims system to decide individual tort claims involved the same
problems that arose with contract and taking claims. n100 The procedures were
unfair. n101 The legislative branch remained unsuited for deciding individual
claims. n102 As one congressman observed, the legislative claims system "made
justice for the individual a matter of political favor instead of independent
right." n103 The process wasted a great deal of congressional time for very poor
results. n104 Only a small proportion of the claims were successful: in the 68th
Congress, 250 of 2,200 private bills became law; in the 76th Congress, 315 of
1,763 did. n105

   For decades Congress debated various proposals for a broad tort claims act.
n106 Echoing President Lincoln's call for Congress to rid itself  [*160]  of
private claims so it could deal with "great national questions" pertaining to
the Civil War, n107 when the United States entered World War II, President
Franklin D. Roosevelt urged passage of a general tort claims act so that
Congress and the executive branch would not be diverted from more important
matters that confronted the nation. n108 Finally, in 1946 Congress passed the
Federal Tort Claims Act ("FTCA") as Title IV of the Legislative Reorganization
Act of 1946. n109

   The FTCA is a general waiver of the United States' sovereign immunity for
suits sounding tort. n110 It gives federal district courts subject matter
jurisdiction over tort claims arising from negligent or wrongful acts of federal
employees. n111 It is a limited waiver of sovereign immunity, subject to
jurisdictional limits and affirmative defenses, n112 but on the whole it
succeeds at providing reasonable compensation for persons injured by
run-of-the-mill negligence of federal employees. n113 Title I of the Legislative
Reorganization Act of 1946 prohibited private relief bills for claims that might
be brought under the FTCA, effectively relieving Congress of its legislative
claims system. n114

   As originally passed, the FTCA provided that its judgments be paid under the
same procedure as the Tucker Act, by enactment of a  [*161]  specific
appropriation. n115 A different procedure was used for payments of settlements.
Initially, the FTCA provided that administrative settlements made by agencies
and all settlements made by the Attorney General of cases in litigation were to
be paid by the head of the relevant agency from "appropriations that may be made
therefor." n116 Congress duly appropriated funds to pay such settlements. n117
To remove the bureaucratic burden of continually enacting appropriations bills
to pay settlements, Congress amended the FTCA in 1950 to allow payment of
administrative settlements from "appropriations available to such agency." n118

   D. Creation of the Judgment Fund

 As the number of judgments requiring congressional approval increased in the
1950s, so did the burden on the executive and legislative branches of going
through the routine process of preparing, explaining, and enacting the necessary
legislation. n119 The delays in awaiting congressional approval of legislation
to pay court judgments increased interest charges and caused consternation for
successful plaintiffs. n120 To address these problems, in 1953 the General
Accounting Office recommended the establishment of a permanent,  [*162]
indefinite appropriation for the payment of judgments. n121 In 1956 Congress
acted on that recommendation by creating the Judgment Fund - an open-ended,
permanent appropriation for the payment of judgments of district courts and the
Court of Claims that did not exceed $ 100,000. n122 Congress expected that
ninety-eight percent of judgments would fall within that limit. n123 Under the
new procedure, judgments for that amount or less were paid automatically,
without the need for legislation. n124 Use of the Judgment Fund successfully
reduced the administrative burden, interest charges on judgments against the
government, and "the irritations inevitably associated with the delays
occasioned by the former method of payment." n125

   In 1961, in view of the success of the 1956 statute, n126 Congress expanded
the scope of the Judgment Fund so that it could be used to pay settlements of
claims in circumstances where it would pay final judgments. n127 The revised
statute stated, "except as otherwise provided by law, compromise settlements ...
made by the Attorney General [or his designee] ... shall be settled and paid in
a manner similar  [*163]  to judgments in like causes." n128 Accordingly,
settlements that did not exceed $ 100,000 could be paid from the Judgment Fund
if a judgment on that claim would have been paid from the Fund and no other
source was mandated by law to pay such settlements. n129

   The FTCA's specific directive that settlements under its provisions be paid
from "appropriations available to such agency," n130 brought FTCA settlements
within the "otherwise provided by law" exception. n131 In his letter supporting
the 1961 legislation, Attorney General Robert Kennedy pointedly noted that, "The
draft proposal does not disturb the procedure presently followed with respect to
the payment of compromises effected in suits in the U.S. district courts under
the Federal Tort Claims Act, such settlements being payable solely from agency
appropriations." n132 The fact that FTCA settlements were paid from agency
appropriations was one reason Department of Justice policy called for the
solicitation and consideration of agency views on proposed settlements. n133
Because of the statutory mandate that FTCA settlements be paid from agency
funds, the Department of Justice settled FTCA cases with out-of-court
stipulations instead of consent judgments that would have been paid from the
Judgment Fund. n134

   In 1966, Congress substantially revised FTCA procedures, mandating the use of
the administrative process for all claims regardless of amount, altering the
FTCA's rule for attorney's fees, and revising its statutes of limitations. n135
The 1966 amendments also directed that the Judgment Fund be used to pay all
litigative settlements under $ 100,000 and any administrative settlement between
$ 2,500 and $ 100,000. n136 Neither the committee reports nor the one witness
who appeared at the hearing on the proposed changes (the Civil Division's
[*164]  Assistant Attorney General) addressed why FTCA settlements were to be
paid from the Judgment Fund. n137

   In 1977, Congress further extended the Judgment Fund to cover, inter alia,
all Court of Claims and FTCA judgments regardless of amount, and all FTCA
settlements for more than $ 2,500. n138 Congress took this action to eliminate
what it had come to see as an "extra, unnecessary legislative step and improve
the efficiency with which the government makes settlement on its just debts."
n139 In 1978, it adopted the same, open-ended use of the Judgment Fund for
several other statutes that had required congressional appropriations for
payments. n140

   The Judgment Fund pays settlements and court-ordered judgments, n141 but it
is available only under very specific circumstances. n142  [*165]  It can pay
awards or settlements only if they are "final" and not subject to further
appeal. n143 The Judgment Fund is available only for monetary awards, n144 as
opposed to injunctive relief that requires the expenditure of funds. n145 It can
only make a payment that "is not otherwise provided for," n146 which is one that
cannot be legally paid from another appropriation or fund. n147 This is so, even
if an agency has run out of funds, because "there is only one proper source of
funds in any given case." n148 Payments can only be made for litigative awards
under statutes designated by Congress. n149 A Judgment Fund payment must be
certified by the Secretary of the Treasury, n150 but the certification  [*166]
requirement is ministerial in nature, requiring an evaluation of whether the
restrictions and limits on the Judgment Fund are met, as opposed to assessing
the merits of a settlement or judgment. n151

   The Judgment Fund's chief purpose is to pay settlements and court ordered
judgments. n152 It is available to pay judgments awarded by U.S. district
courts, n153 the Court of International Trade, n154 and the Court of Federal
Claims, n155 administrative claims, n156 and settlements. n157 It is the correct
source of payment for most FTCA judgments and settlements for more than $ 2,500.
n158 It is the initial source for payment of monetary awards by boards of
contract appeals. n159 Normally agencies are not required to reimburse the
Judgment Fund for non-contract claims and judgments, n160 except in limited
instances including non-appropriated fund instrumentalities, n161 judgments
against the  [*167]  U.S. Postal Service, n162 discrimination or retaliation
claims filed by federal employees, n163 and awards to contractors under contract
dispute procedures. n164

   E. Normalizing Use of the Judgment Fund

 Federal agencies have sought through procedural devices to have the Judgment
Fund pay expenses that would otherwise come from appropriated funds. In some
circumstances, Congress has addressed this problem by requiring agencies to
reimburse the Judgment Fund. Efforts to contain such raids on the Judgment Fund
have had mixed results.

   1. The Contracts Disputes Act

 In 1978, Congress passed the Contract Disputes Act ("CDA") n165 to rationalize
the "administrative and judicial procedures for the settlement of claims and
disputes relating to Government contracts." n166 Among other changes, the CDA
modified the method by which judicial judgments and awards from boards of
contract appeals are paid. Prior to the CDA, judicial judgments were paid from
the Judgment Fund and board of contract appeal awards were paid from agency
funds. n167 The CDA provided that (1) both court judgments and monetary awards
from boards of contract appeals would be paid from the Judgment Fund, n168 and
(2) agencies would reimburse the Judgment  [*168]  Fund for those payments from
"available funds or by obtaining additional appropriations for such purposes."
n169 Congress included the reimbursement requirement in the CDA to make agencies
more accountable and to facilitate compromise. n170 Before the CDA, agencies had
an incentive to prolong litigation and force a final judgment in court because
those judgments were paid from the Judgment Fund rather than from agency funds.
n171 This practice hid the true costs of programs by allowing agencies to avoid
either paying all program costs from appropriated funds or having to seek new
appropriations from Congress. n172 The new procedure also expedited payments
when agencies ran out of appropriated funds and reduced government interest
costs. n173

   The system did not work as planned because agencies frequently failed to
reimburse the Judgment Fund for CDA payments made from it on their behalf. For
fiscal years 2001-2003, less than twenty percent of CDA money paid from the
Judgment Fund was reimbursed. n174 On average it took 9.6 months to complete
payment on those cases for which the Judgment Fund was fully reimbursed. n175
The repayment rate improved to 45.9% in 2004, 27.8% in 2005, and 27.4% in 2006.
n176 Although the CDA does not specify when agencies must reimburse the Judgment
Fund, Treasury regulations suggest repayment should be made "promptly upon
notification ... of the  [*169]  amount due"; n177 Treasury lacks authority to
compel payment. n178 Agencies told Treasury that they deferred making the
required payments because doing so would have adversely affected their programs
and key activities. n179 In 2007, Treasury's Financial Management Service
initiated actions to improve agency responsiveness, including the posting on its
website of outstanding balances owed to the Judgment Fund. n180

   2. The No FEAR Act

 The 2002 Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation
Act ("No FEAR Act") n181 addressed the problem of chronic discrimination and
retaliation in the federal workplace. n182 It did so by requiring greater
notification to federal employees of their rights, n183 in-depth reporting about
cases of agency discrimination, n184 and, similar to the CDA's payment scheme,
agency reimbursement of the Judgment Fund for payments made from it for
"judgments, awards, and compromise settlements" arising from discriminatory
conduct directed at federal employees or applicants. n185

   Requiring agency reimbursement addressed the fact that although
discrimination claims were increasing, n186 agencies had little financial
motivation to change bad practices because adverse judgments had  [*170]  no
effect on their bottom line. n187 Prior to enactment of the No FEAR Act, payment
of damages arising from federal employment discrimination claims was handled in
a two-tier system: claims that were resolved on the administrative level were
paid from agency funds, while claims resolved in the courts were paid from the
Judgment Fund. n188 This circumstance provided a "perverse incentive" for
agencies to resist settlement of discrimination claims at the administrative
level. n189 As the Senate Report explained, use of the Judgment Fund
"discourages accountability by being a disincentive to agencies to resolve
matters promptly in the administrative processes; by not pursuing resolution, an
agency could shift the cost of resolution from its budget to the Judgment Fund
and escape the scrutiny that would accompany a request for a supplemental
appropriation." n190 The No FEAR Act removed that disincentive by requiring
federal agencies to reimburse the Judgment Fund for payments made on
discrimination and retaliation claims. n191

   Reimbursement rates were much higher for No FEAR payments than for CDA
payments, n192 although the No FEAR Act similarly did not set a deadline for
reimbursements. n193 For fiscal years 2004-2006  [*171]  nearly all No FEAR
payments were reimbursed, with the average time of repayment dropping to 2.9
months in 2006. n194 A key reason for this higher reimbursement rate is the
smaller relative size of No FEAR payments compared to agency budgets. n195

   3. The Equal Access to Justice Act

 Congress enacted the Equal Access to Justice Act ("EAJA") in 1980 to help
smaller entities protect their rights and seek review of government conduct
without being deterred by litigation expenses. n196 The statute used the carrot
of reimbursing attorneys fees to entities that succeeded against the government
n197 and the stick of subtracting those fees from appropriated funds of agencies
that acted in bad faith or took positions that were not substantially justified.
n198 EAJA created three fee-shifting mechanisms to allow eligible parties to
recover costs and attorneys fees incurred in agency adjudications and civil
litigation against a federal agency or the United States. n199 The first,
applicable to judicial cases and codified at 28 U.S.C. § 2412(b), makes the
United States liable for attorney fees "to the same extent that any other party
would be liable under the common law or under the terms of any statute which
specifically provides for such an award" unless another statute prohibits such
an award. n200 Accordingly, the United States is liable for attorney fees under
federal fee-shifting statutes and exceptions to the "American Rule" on
attorneys' fees. n201 The statute provides that fees awarded under § 2412(b) are
to be paid from the Judgment Fund unless the agency is "found to have acted in
[*172]  bad faith," in which case they are to be paid from the agency's funds.
n202

   EAJA's other two fee-shifting mechanisms are similar to each other. The
second litigation fee mandate, codified at 28 U.S.C. § 2412(d), applies when the
United States loses in certain judicial proceedings "unless the court finds
[its] position ... was substantially justified...." n203 The administrative
adjudications mandate, 5 U.S.C. § 504, awards fees when a losing agency's
position is not found by the adjudicative officer to be "substantially
justified." n204 The 1980 statute provided that fees and expenses under both
provisions "may be paid by any agency over which the party prevails from any
funds made available to the agency, by appropriation or otherwise, for such
purpose. If not paid by any agency, the fees and other expenses shall be paid
[from the Judgment Fund]." n205

   Agencies have aggressively sought to have the Judgment Fund pay EAJA fees.
n206 In 1982 the Department of Transportation argued that the use of "may" in
these provisions meant that agencies had discretion to pay an EAJA award from
agency funds, or not; if the agency did not choose to pay the bill the Judgment
Fund would. n207 The Department of Justice Office of Legal Counsel ("OLC")
rejected this position as inconsistent with EAJA's legislative history and
concluded that at least some fees must be paid from agency appropriations. n208
In 1985, Congress amended EAJA and eliminated any agency discretion by
rescinding the "may be paid" language and directing that "Fees and other
expenses awarded under this subsection shall be paid by any agency ... from any
funds made available to the agency by appropriation or otherwise." n209 It did
so intending that the award of fees  [*173]  from agency funds provide agencies
a strong disincentive against taking unreasonable positions. n210

   A similar EAJA payment issue arose in the aftermath of the Federal Circuit's
decision in Cienega Gardens v. United States, n211 which found for plaintiffs in
a suit regarding amendments to a Department of Housing and Urban Development
("HUD") program. n212 Even though EAJA squarely provided for payment of this
award from agency appropriations, n213 HUD urged that payment should come from
the Judgment Fund because the plaintiffs had sued the United States and not the
agency. n214 The Treasury Department argued that because the party won in an
action over an agency, HUD was responsible for the payment. n215 Resolving the
dispute, the OLC determined that HUD had to pay. n216 OLC clarified that "HUD
constitutes the agency over which the party prevailed" as determined by EAJA.
n217 Further, OLC concluded that "the Judgment Fund is available to pay a [§
2412(d)(4)] fee award only if there is no agency over which the plaintiffs can
be said to have prevailed under EAJA." n218

   The legislative goal to have the threat of awarding fees from agency funds
serve as a deterrent to unreasonable agency positions n219 and the change of
statutory language from agencies "may" n220 pay to "shall" n221 pay fees and
expenses granted by EAJA, suggest that Congress intended for many EAJA payments
to come from agency appropriations. n222 This is not necessarily what happens.
There is tension  [*174]  between § 2412(b)'s directive that attorneys' fees be
paid from the Judgment Fund if a fee-shifting statute or common law attorneys
fee rule applies (absent agency "bad faith"), n223 and the requirement of §
2412(d) and § 504 that they be paid from agency appropriations if the agency
lost (unless its position was "substantially justified"). n224 While the line
between these alternatives may be clear in the abstract, in practice it may be
hard to see, particularly when the people negotiating the payment are the
attorney who will receive the fee and the government attorney who handled the
litigation.

   Discussion about the scope and nature of EAJA payments is particularly heated
in environmental matters involving the EPA, the Department of the Interior, and
the Department of Agriculture. Critics suggest that environmental organizations
use a "sue and settle" strategy to bypass the normal administrative process when
they sue an agency, the agency settles, and the resulting consent decree
effectively becomes a binding regulation. n225 Use of EAJA is seen as part of
that strategy and as an incentive for environmental organizations to bring suit.
n226 Some have questioned whether agencies actively invite such litigation. n227
One side in this debate has called for wholesale reform  [*175]  of EAJA to
account for this "strategy"; n228 the other argues for preservation of the
statute and its use in environmental litigation. n229

   II. A Brief History of the Public Disclosure of Claims Payments

   A. The Statements and Accounts Clause

 In the debate on the Statements and Accounts Clause at the Constitutional
Convention, George Mason proposed that reports of expenditures should be
required annually; James Madison argued that the legislature should be given
discretion to choose when to make such disclosures. n230 The Articles of
Confederation had required semi-annual reports. n231 Ultimately Madison's view
prevailed, resulting in the Clause's "from time to time" n232 language and
leaving Congress with great latitude as to when to publish expenditures. n233
Both sides in the debate agreed that the public had a right to know how the
government spent its money. n234

   Congress has very broad authority over public disclosure of expenditures.
n235 Only a handful of cases have been brought under the Statement and Accounts
Clause seeking disclosure of government spending; none have succeeded. The most
prominent treatment of the issue was the Supreme Court's decision in United
States v. Richardson, n236  [*176]  a challenge to the practice of making secret
appropriations to the CIA. n237 In Richardson, the Court found the petitioner
lacked standing because his grievance was shared by all members of the public.
n238 Even though the Court did not reach the merits of the case, it commented
that, "Congress has plenary power to exact any reporting and accounting it
considers appropriate in the public interest." n239 The Court noted that for
almost 200 years the Statement and Accounts Clause had been read to give
"Congress plenary power to spell out the details of precisely when and with what
specificity Executive agencies must report the expenditure of appropriated
funds...." n240 Richardson's sweeping language virtually precludes any future
disclosure claims under the Statement and Accounts Clause. n241 Although the
meaning of the clause's "from time to time" phrase is imprecise, courts have
consistently interpreted it as giving Congress complete discretion over what
information to provide about appropriations and when to provide it. n242

   B. Statutory Disclosure of Payments

 The history of congressional requirements for public reporting of government
claims payments reflects a gradual series of changes that eventually led to less
and less reporting. Today, no one can know all the claims the government pays in
any year. n243

    [*177]  In the early Republic, Congress kept close tabs on the payment of
claims. For example, the statute regarding Revolutionary War pensions that gave
rise to Hayburn's Case n244 called for detailed reports to Congress about wounds
and disabilities. n245 The statute for property claims arising from the War of
1812 required that "all adjudications ... shall be entered ... in a book...."
n246 Of course, when Congress passed a private law granting a remedy, the bill
stated the claimant's name, the amount of the payment or means of assessing it,
and typically the nature of the claim. n247 The same information appears in
recent private relief bills. n248

   When Congress established the Court of Claims in 1855, it initially required
that in each case the court forward to it a report and draft bill for enactment.
n249 When it passed the Amended Court of Claims Act of 1863, it included a
requirement that annual reports state the names of successful claimants and the
amounts received. n250 The Tucker Act had a similar requirement for reports to
Congress, n251 and Congress frequently appropriated funds to pay specific
claims. n252

   The FTCA, as originally enacted, called for heads of agencies to annually
report to Congress on all claims the agency paid under its administrative claims
authority, stating "the amount claimed and the  [*178]  amount awarded, and a
brief description of the claim." n253 In 1965 Congress repealed this reporting
requirement. n254 It did so as part of an effort to reduce needless reports and
publications, n255 reasoning that information about claims settled for $ 2,500
or less was of "no value to preparing agencies and no known use to Congress."
n256

   The No FEAR Act mandated that each agency file an annual report identifying,
inter alia, the number of cases alleging discrimination, the status of each, and
the amount of money paid on each claim and in the aggregate. n257 It also
required that each agency post on its public website detailed statistical
information about the status of discrimination complaints filed with the agency
(but not including money paid), and that the Equal Employment Opportunity
Commission post a summary of this statistical data on its website. n258

   When it enacted the EAJA in 1980, Congress required an annual report on the
fees and expenses awarded under the act, identifying "the number, nature, and
amount of the awards[,]" and other relevant information. n259 The report was
expected to allow Congress to evaluate EAJA's cost and identify agencies engaged
in unreasonable activity. n260 This report requirement was repealed as part of
the Federal Reports Elimination and Sunset Act of 1995, n261 legislation enacted
to eliminate "unnecessary paperwork" and save staff time. n262

[*179]

   III. Assessing Judgment Fund Practices

   A. Raids on the Judgment Fund

   1. Legislative Branch Encroachment

 From the defendants' side of the ledger, the Judgment Fund - this permanent,
indefinite appropriation - is a tempting target to agencies and entities seeking
protection because it exists outside the normal appropriation process. For
claims arising under statutes that do not require reimbursement the Judgment
Fund provides "free money" to agencies whose actions gave rise to the claims.
For example, if an agency program causes substantial claims under the FTCA,
those claims will be paid without any reduction in the agency's programs or
requirement that the agency justify the cost of the claims to an appropriations
committee. n263 Congress has authority to alter these rules, as it did when it
mandated that the newly created Postal Service reimburse the Judgment Fund for
payments made arising from its activities. n264

   Entities outside the federal government have sought legislation treating them
as part of the government for FTCA purposes. When granted, this status makes the
Judgment Fund responsible for their torts, absolves them of any financial
responsibility, and renders the FTCA's defenses applicable to claims against
them. n265 Congress has provided this coverage to manufacturers and distributors
of the vaccine in the National Swine Flu Immunization Program of 1976, n266
certain  [*180]  tribal contractors, n267 and nuclear weapons contractors. n268
Because the Judgment Fund works automatically, Congress has no occasion to
review and consider payments made on behalf of these entities. n269 Granting
FTCA coverage to non-federal government entities may be poor policy, n270 but it
is a political decision appropriately made by Congress under its power of
appropriation.

   2. Executive Branch Encroachment

   a. Executive Branch Authority over the Judgment Fund

 The integrity of the Judgment Fund is dependent on the good faith of executive
branch officers. The key Judgment Fund provision appropriates money "to pay
final judgments, awards, [and] compromise  [*181]  settlements...." n271
Decisions regarding how to litigate, whether to appeal, and when to settle are
made by executive branch officials, usually the Attorney General or officials
under his direction or to whom he has delegated authority. A lack of due care on
their part could lead to payments from the Judgment Fund that are outside the
parameters set by Congress.

   The Judgment Fund can pay only litigative awards - those that were or might
be made in court. n272 The Department of Justice has presumptive responsibility
for all litigation of the United States and its agencies. n273 Its statutory
grant of authority states, "except as otherwise authorized by law, the conduct
of litigation in which the United States, an agency, or officer thereof is a
party ... is reserved to officers of the Department of Justice, under the
direction of the Attorney General." n274

   The Judgment Fund can pay awards or settlements only if they are "final."
n275 A judgment is final for Judgment Fund purposes when the appellate process
is finished. n276 This happens when there is a final decision by a court of last
resort, the time for filing an appeal expires, or the parties decide not to seek
review. n277 Only the Solicitor General has authority to determine "whether, and
to what extent, appeals will be taken by the Government" from adverse decisions.
n278

    [*182]  The Attorney General has broad authority to settle litigation under
his supervision n279 and to delegate that settlement authority. n280 He has
delegated to Assistant Attorneys General the authority to "accept offers in
compromise of, or settle administratively, claims against the United States in
all cases in which the principal amount of the proposed settlement does not
exceed $ 2,000,000," n281 and "to re-delegate to subordinate division officials
and United States Attorneys" that authority. n282 For example, U.S. Attorneys
can redelegate their authority to "Assistant United States Attorneys who
supervise other Assistant United States Attorneys who handle civil litigation."
n283

   The Attorney General also delegated authority to settle administrative tort
claims to other Justice Department components n284 and to some agencies that
handle numerous claims. n285 Thus, the Postal Service and the Departments of
Defense and Veterans Affairs have authority up to $ 300,000, while the
Departments of Health and Human Services, Transportation, and Homeland Security
have authority up to $ 200,000, $ 100,000, and $ 50,000, respectively. n286 All
agencies have $ 25,000 in independent statutory authority under the FTCA to
settle administrative claims. n287 In practice, agencies can settle FTCA claims
for an amount up to their authority, absent some complicating factor such as a
new precedent or potential third party claim. n288

    [*183]  Executive branch officers with this broad authority over litigation
and settlements are in a position from which they might help favored plaintiffs
by ignoring statutory limits and defenses, pulling punches in litigation, or
settling claims for amounts unwarranted by the law and facts. n289 Narratives
about whether government attorneys might abuse that authority to benefit
political allies vary with the writer and the focus. Professor Todd David
Peterson has forcefully suggested "there is no reason to believe that a
Department that is committed to an advocacy model in advising the President on
his constitutional authority would shrink from a settlement policy that
permitted political judgments to displace litigation risk assessments." n290
Jeffrey Axelrad, the former head of the Torts Branch in the Justice Department's
Civil Division, expressed a different view: "It is to the Justice Department
that the unpopular, hard task of guarding the [Judgment] Fund against abuse
falls. Eternal vigilance and reasoned, careful analysis have been the hallmark
of the Justice Department's exercise of this responsibility." n291

[*184]

   b. Single Event Settlements

 Government attorneys handling high profile cases, run-of-the-mill litigation,
and administrative claims have the authority to settle those matters with
Judgment Fund money. n292 Department of Justice regulations require
documentation and approval of such settlements. n293

   It is no secret that some private attorneys, acting to the detriment of their
clients, settle cases for more (or less) than is warranted by the facts and the
law. n294 Their reasons range from fear of losing or being embarrassed, n295 to
hope of hiding their poor preparation or lack of qualifications, n296 to desire
to accommodate those with whom they will have future dealings such as local
lawyers or a judge who demands settlement. n297 There is also simple laziness
and the wish to avoid the work, time, and stress that a trial requires. n298
Lawyers may unconsciously merge their self-interest into their analysis of
whether a case should be tried. n299

   Some government attorneys may wish to settle cases for similar reasons. Two
primary questions the Civil Division considers in determining whether to approve
a proposed settlement are whether the case is adequately prepared and whether
settlement has been proposed  [*185]  because the attorney wants to avoid going
to trial. n300 Documented examples where government attorneys have settled to
avoid trial are rare. One such case is White v. U.S. Department of the Interior,
in which an Assistant U.S. Attorney avoided an imminent trial by lying to the
judge, deceitfully stating that a $ 2,000,020 wrongful death settlement had been
approved by his "superiors in Washington." n301 This lie was remarkable because
it was sure to come to light "when payment as required under the agreement was
not received." n302 It was discovered, a motion to enforce the unapproved
settlement was denied, n303 and six months later, summary judgment was granted
for the government on liability. n304

   It is easy to be generous with other people's money, n305 a truism that might
tempt a government attorney facing a very sympathetic plaintiff apparently
barred from suing the government. n306 In the normal situation, a client's
interest in a favorable settlement would counterbalance its attorney's desire to
settle for more (or less) than the litigative value of the case. That is not the
case when Judgment Fund money is sought under a statute that does not require
reimbursement because the client agency has no financial interest in the
outcome. n307 Despite the ease with which such cases might be settled and the
evident "incentive to yield to the perceived special need du jour," n308 there
is very little factual support for the notion that government attorneys
inappropriately use the Judgment Fund to settle individual claims or cases. n309
This circumstance is attributable to the professionalism  [*186]  of those
attorneys, n310 to the safeguards built into the system that require detailed
written explanations of settlements and approval of larger settlements by
attorneys not directly involved in the litigation n311 and, perhaps, to the
difficulty of detecting settlements in which it was done. n312

   c.

"Sue & Settle" Environmental Litigation

 There are indications that the Judgment Fund has been used to pay EAJA fees
that should have been paid from agency appropriations. n313 The proposed Equal
Access to Justice Reform Act of 2003 recognized in its findings "the practice of
Federal agencies of paying their EAJA liabilities from the General Treasury
rather than their own agency budgets, relieving those agencies of the financial
consequences of their misconduct (i.e., EAJA liability) and burdening the
Federal budget unnecessarily." n314 The availability of the Judgment Fund to pay
EAJA fees is part of the mix in "sue and settle" environmental litigation. n315

    [*187]  For an agency entering a "sue and settle" settlement, a key issue is
whether plaintiff's expenses and attorneys' fees will be paid from the Judgment
Fund or agency appropriations. Under EAJA, if a fee-shifting statute or the
common law creates a right to such fees from the United States, those fees would
be paid from the Judgment Fund unless the basis of the award is that the agency
acted in "bad faith," in which case they would be paid from agency funds. n316
If no such fee-shifting statute or common law right applies, EAJA fees can be
paid to a prevailing party, but only from agency appropriations n317 and only if
the agency's position was not "substantially justified." n318 When a suit
involves both statutes that authorize attorneys' fees and those that do not, the
Office of Legal Counsel determined that all fees should be allotted to the
statute authorizing fees (and be paid from the Judgment Fund) if claims under
the statues were closely related and contributed to a successful, significant
prosecution. n319 If the claims are unrelated, fees are allotted between agency
appropriations and the Judgment Fund. n320

   In analyzing whether the Judgment Fund has been misused, the interesting
question is how the source of funding decision is made when the answer is not
obvious: how is it decided whether fees will be paid from the Judgment Fund or
agency appropriations when a settlement involves claims involving different
facts and statutes such that work on one issue did not impact the other, or when
there is some indication that the agency acted in "bad faith" or was
"substantially justified" in its position? It appears that this decision is
typically made when the parties negotiate the settlement. n321 As Bureau of
[*188]  Land Management Director Robert Abbey explained, in practice "[the
money] can come out of either fund... . It is part of the negotiations, it is
part of the settlement discussion." n322 Those negotiations typically include
plaintiff's counsel and attorneys from both the agency and the Department of
Justice. n323 The prevalent expectation is that most environmental fee awards
will be paid by the Judgment Fund. n324 The most detailed information available
is in a 2011 Government Accountability Office study that examined EAJA payments
made in EPA cases. n325 Its included tables show that from December 2005 through
September 2010, n326 the Judgment Fund paid $ 8,379,302.63, or 86% of the total
awarded in those cases, while EPA appropriations paid $ 1,371,228, amounting to
14%. n327

   Deciding the source of payment decision in settlement negotiations is
troublesome unless the government attorneys are scrupulous in assessing which
statute properly authorizes the payment. The Judgment Fund statute is limited to
paying awards "not otherwise provided for." n328 A key principal of
appropriations law is that "there is only one proper source of funds in any
given case. There is no election to be made." n329 Parties cannot properly
stipulate or agree to change which government account will pay a settlement.
n330 The reason is clear: allowing them to do so "might encourage settlements
[*189]  driven by source-of-funds considerations rather than the best interests
of the United States." n331 Government attorneys negotiating EAJA settlements
must balance fealty to the Judgment Fund and the agency's interest in preserving
program funds. In a three-attorney conversation, agency counsel and plaintiff's
attorney may have common ground to advocate for payment from the Judgment Fund;
that would conserve agency appropriations and meet plaintiff's desire for fees.
n332 Indeed, in a slightly different field a respected treatise advises that to
preserve access to the Judgment Fund consent decrees should avoid mentioning
EAJA. n333 The available information does not show how conscientious the Justice
Department has been in considering and protecting the Judgment Fund when it
enters or approves fee settlements with environmental organizations.

   d. Class Settlements & Program Creation

 On occasion, issues involving "creative" use of the Judgment Fund have arisen
in a class action context. Examples of such litigation where political concerns
may have tempered the government's defense include the Pigford black farmer
litigation, n334 the Japanese Latin Americans litigation, n335 and suits brought
by Native American farmers, Hispanic farmers, and female farmers. n336

   The Pigford black farmer litigation had two discrete phases, both arising
from allegations that black farmers were treated unfairly in USDA programs for
loans, crop payments, disaster payments, and in investigations of those
allegations. n337 Pigford I began in August 1997,  [*190]  when Timothy Pigford
filed suit under the Equal Credit Opportunity Act ("ECOA") seeking class relief.
n338 In October 1998, the court certified a class "for purposes of determining
liability" and injunctive relief. n339 Although plaintiffs' claims had some
apparent merit, n340 many were barred by the ECOA's statute of limitations. n341
The Justice Department Office of Legal Counsel ("OLC") was asked whether the
government could waive the limitations defense and settle the claims. n342 OLC
reasoned that because the statute of limitations was part of the terms of the
consent to the waiver of sovereign immunity "established by Congress,"
"modifying the terms of consent required legislative action." n343 It concluded,
"ECOA's statute of limitations applies to both administrative and litigative
settlements of ECOA claims, and it may not be waived by the executive branch."
n344 Congress resolved this jurisdictional problem by including a targeted
waiver of the statute of limitations in an appropriations bill that became law
on October 21, 1998, effectively authorizing plaintiffs' claims. n345

    [*191]  The newly extended statute of limitations n346 and the 1998 decision
that certified plaintiffs' class n347 made a negotiated settlement practicable.
n348 In April of 1999, the court approved a consent decree establishing a
multi-track claims process that gave Track A plaintiffs who had "little or no
documentary evidence ... a virtually automatic cash payment of $ 50,000," and
allowed those with better evidence to recover in Track B whatever damages they
could establish. n349 The consent decree laid out specific procedures and
administrators' responsibilities. n350 It defined what Track A claimants must
establish by substantial evidence to an independent adjudicator who would decide
on the papers. n351 Track B claimants had to show discrimination by a
preponderance of the evidence; they could present evidence and the government
could cross-examine and argue. n352 Either side could petition for reexamination
of a decision. n353 Attorneys' fees and expenses were paid under fee shifting
statutes rather than from the settlement. n354 Claimants were to submit claims
by October 12, 1999, with provision for late-filing claimants to file by
September 15, 2000, upon a showing that "extraordinary circumstances" caused the
late submission. n355 The cash settlements, exceeding $ 770,000,000, were paid
from the Judgment Fund. n356

    [*192]  A large number of the late claims were not resolved on their merits;
only 2,116 of 73,800 late claims were allowed to proceed. n357 Dissatisfaction
with these outcomes led to political efforts to reopen the process. n358
Finally, Congress included in the 2008 Farm Bill a new procedure for those
claims to be decided "on the merits." n359 Congress set the maximum amount to be
paid under the new statute, and appropriated for that purpose, $ 100,000,000.
n360 The subsequent suits were consolidated in Pigford II and the parties agreed
to a $ 1,250,000,000 settlement in February 2010. n361 The claims process
established in the Pigford II settlement was similar to that in Pigford I. n362
It differed in that neither side could appeal and attorneys' fees and expenses
came from the settlement's lump sum. n363 Because the Judgment Fund can be used
only to make payments "not otherwise provided for" n364 and Congress had
appropriated money in the 2008 farm bill to pay the Pigford II claims, the
Judgment Fund could not be used to pay the settlement. n365 Several attempts to
appropriate the $ 1,150,000,000 needed to complete the settlement failed. n366
In late 2010, Congress enacted the Claims Resolution Act of 2010 that
appropriated the money for Pigford II and authorized payment of $ 2,000,000,000
from the Judgment Fund for the Cobell v. Salazar class action settlement
regarding government mismanagement of hundreds of thousands of Individual Indian
Money trust accounts. n367

    [*193]  The Pigford litigation is not an example of executive branch
overreach, although a strong political current ran through the settlement
negotiations. n368 President Bill Clinton and President Barack Obama favored the
farmers' claims, and their political appointees actively supported the
settlements over the objections of some career officials. n369 But the payments
were made in a manner that respected the Judgment Fund. The settlement in
Pigford I was appropriately paid from the Judgment Fund because Congress allowed
the suit when it extended the ECOA statute of limitations. n370 In contrast, the
Pigford II settlement was not paid from the Judgment Fund because the statute's
"not otherwise provided for" requirement was not met. n371 Congress appropriated
money for the Pigford II settlement with full knowledge of the terms of the
agreement.

   The same analysis applies to another case where political concerns may have
influenced the Department of Justice's settlement position, that of the Japanese
Latin Americans. n372 The plaintiffs were people of Japanese ancestry living in
Latin America who were interred during World War II in the United States at its
request. n373 Plaintiffs sought to make claims under the Civil Liberties Act of
1988, n374 the statute that authorized a formal apology and payment of $ 20,000
to Japanese Americans who had been interred during the war. n375 The government
had a strong defense to claims of the Japanese Latin Americans because the
statute authorized compensation only to "a United States citizen or a permanent
resident alien." n376 Nonetheless, the government agreed to settle each
plaintiff's claim for an apology and $ 5,000,  [*194]  to be paid from the Civil
Liberties Public Education Fund. n377 The settlement had political overtones and
it may have been entered over the objections of some within the Department of
Justice. n378 But, because the Civil Liberties Public Education Fund was
depleted, the settlement was funded only when Congress appropriated $ 4,300,000
to fund it. n379 Accordingly, like the Pigford and Cobell litigation, in the end
the executive branch paid only money Congress had appropriated for that purpose.

   The Obama Administration followed a different path in other cases.
Native-American farmers, n380 Hispanic farmers, n381 and women farmers n382
filed class action suits against USDA alleging unlawful discrimination and ECOA
claims similar to those raised in the Pigford litigation. n383 In the context of
settling those cases the Administration used Judgment Fund money to fully fund
claims processes that were similar to those established in the Pigford
litigation. n384 As explained below, the amounts paid from the Judgment Fund for
these programs seem out of proportion to the government's litigative risk.

   In the Keepseagle litigation, Native Americans brought a class action suit
alleging USDA discrimination in reviewing applications for  [*195]  farm loans
or benefits programs and in investigating complaints of discrimination. n385
They sought equitable and monetary relief n386 and incorrectly designated the
Pigford litigation as a related matter. n387 In 2001, Judge Emmett G. Sullivan
"certified plaintiffs' class only as to plaintiffs' claims for declaratory and
injunctive relief" and deferred the question of certifying a class seeking
monetary relief. n388 In 2010, the parties agreed to a $ 760,000,000 settlement,
n389 including $ 680,000,000 paid from the Judgment Fund. n390

   The Keepseagle settlement agreement, a forty-seven page document, n391
established "an administrative claims process" similar to the Pigford process.
n392 It spelled out procedures for a two-tier, non-judicial process that
included requirements for class membership, facts a claimant must establish to
recover under Track A or B, and directives for how to evaluate each claim. n393
The Track A procedures provided that a claimant would recover $ 50,000 cash upon
showing of a basic claim to a neutral arbiter who would review a paper record on
a substantial evidence standard; USDA could not provide records or arguments to
dispute the claim. n394 Track B claimants could recover up to $ 250,000 in an
arbitration in which they had a preponderance of the evidence burden of proof.
n395 The settlement also required USDA  [*196]  to undertake a number of steps
to improve services to and communications with Native American farmers. n396

   The Keepseagle settlement did not reflect the strength of the government's
litigative position. Because the plaintiffs' class had not been certified for
monetary relief, plaintiffs faced the prospect of having to separately litigate
each claim. n397 Such a failed class action would typically have very little
settlement value. n398 Nonetheless, the government settled for $ 760,000,000
(including a Settlement Fund of $ 680,000,000) which, according to plaintiffs'
attorneys, gave plaintiffs "about 98% of what [they] could possibly have won at
trial...." n399 This proved to be a vast overpayment. Although the complaint had
predicted at least 19,000 claimants, n400 only 4,472 farmers perfected their
claims. n401 A total of $ 299,999,288 was paid from the Settlement Fund that had
been established with Judgment Fund money, n402 leaving $ 380,000,712 n403 at
the end of the claims process. n404 The parties had expected the remainder to be
only "a couple of million." n405 Because no provision had been included in the
settlement agreement for reversion of excess money to the United States n406 and
the remainder was  [*197]  so large, the parties faced a conundrum with how to
dispose of it. n407 The significant point from the Judgment Fund perspective is
that over $ 380,000,000 from the Judgment Fund, more than half the settlement
amount, n408 will be used for some purpose other than paying class members'
claims. n409

   In Garcia v. Veneman n410 and Love v. Veneman, n411 class action suits
similar to Pigford and Keepseagle were filed by Hispanic farmers and woman
farmers, respectively. Garcia and Love, both alleging discrimination in farm
loans and benefits programs and in investigation of complaints of
discrimination, were assigned to the same judge and followed a similar path.
n412 In both cases, the district courts' decisions to deny class certification
were affirmed on appeal. n413 With the January 19, 2010 Supreme Court denial of
certiorari on those decisions, the only means left for a Garcia or Love
plaintiff to pursue an ECOA claim would have been to litigate each claim
individually. n414 For the next year, the Department of Justice declined to
settle Garcia or Love on a class-wide basis but expressed willingness to settle
individual claims. n415

    [*198]  On February 25, 2011, USDA and the Department of Justice
unilaterally announced a claims program for Hispanic farmers and female farmers,
including "at least $ 1.33 billion from the Judgment Fund, plus $ 160 million in
debt relief, to implement a unified, non-judicial claims resolution process."
n416 On January 25, 2012, the government announced a revised plan. n417 The
charter for this system is the "Framework for Hispanic or Female Farmer's
Claims" ("Framework"). n418 The Framework was similar to the Pigford and
Keepseagle processes but "differed in several respects, including the absence of
judicial supervision or class counsel, less monetary relief, a more onerous
burden of proof, and relief for a more limited category of claims." n419 It had
two tiers, with awards capped at $ 50,000 and $ 250,000. n420 The Framework is
nineteen pages long and provided, inter alia, for: voluntary participation by
claimants who may choose to instead pursue a judicial remedy; an independent
adjudicator to decide claims on a written record; written responses by the
agency; and no right to appeal. n421 Attorneys' fees were to be paid by the
claimant. n422 The Framework provided that "cash awards and tax relief will be
paid from the Judgment Fund." n423

   The litigative risk posed by Garcia and Love hardly justified the
government's decision to establish this $ 1,333,000,000 claims program:  [*199]
the number of claimants was not known and a substantial final payout in the
cases was unlikely. First, when Secretary Tom Vilsack announced the Hispanic and
women farmers' settlement process on February 25, 2010, the government did not
know how many claimants there would be. At a status conference the previous
week, government counsel had pressed plaintiffs' counsel in Garcia for the
number of Hispanic claimants, noting that their allegations had ranged from
20,000, to 50, to 82,000, to 16,000. n424 In September 2010, the government
still did not have that information. n425 Second, no class was certified. In
Pigford, class certification had been a key factor in the government's decision
to settle that lawsuit. n426 By contrast, in both Garcia and Love certification
was denied, making the prospect of sizeable adverse judgments remote. n427 The
government's interest in voluntarily settling thousands of claims was not
anticipated by the court, "given the history of the case." n428 Nevertheless, in
2010 the government created "what it's calling an "Administrative Claims
Program'" as a "voluntary alternative to litigation" available to all Hispanic
and women farmers, not just those in contact with the Garcia and Love attorneys.
n429

   From all appearances, politics provided a key motivation for creation of the
Hispanic or Female Farmer's Claims Process. Following the Pigford II settlement
the Administration was under intense pressure from congressional leaders and
Secretary Vilsack to compensate Hispanic farmers in a similar manner. n430 Eight
senators sent President Obama a letter noting that "approximately $ 2.25
billion" had been allotted to "resolve USDA discrimination against black
farmers"  [*200]  and calling for equal treatment for Hispanic farmers and
ranchers. n431 Hispanic and female farmers sought treatment "on par with other
victims of discrimination." n432 The Hispanic or Female Farmer's Claims Process
was reportedly molded at White House meetings n433 over the strong objections of
career lawyers who argued, inter alia, "that the legal risks did not justify the
costs." n434 The creation of the Claims Process and the Keepseagle settlement
were seen by people in the Administration as "providing "a way to neutralize the
argument that the government favors black farmers over Hispanic, Native American
or women farmers'" and to court key constituencies. n435

   The Hispanic or Female Farmer's Claims Process was created by the executive
branch without legislative input or judicial supervision. The Process is a new
federal administrative claims program n436 that gives federal cash benefits to
particular individuals. While the President can create commissions to hear
claims and disburse money, that money cannot come from the Judgment Fund unless
its statutory requirements are met. n437 It is a close question whether funding
the Hispanic or Female Farmer's Claims Process meets the Judgment Fund's
statutory requirements, given the government's small litigative risk and the
Process's inclusion of claimants who had made no claims and were not in touch
with the Garcia or Love attorneys. n438

[*201]

   B. Lack of Transparency

 There is little public information about payments from the Judgment Fund or
reimbursements to it. There is no readily available way to find what Judgment
Fund payments have been made to a particular claimant or because of a specific
incident. n439 The Bureau of Fiscal Services, the component of the Department of
the Treasury responsible for the Judgment Fund, n440 does provide three
categories of information, but each has limited usefulness.

   First, pursuant to an Office of Personnel Management regulation, Fiscal
Services publishes an annual No FEAR Non-Compliant Agency Report identifying
agencies that failed to timely reimburse the Judgment Fund for No FEAR Act
payments. n441 That regulation requires that the record "be eliminated no later
than the next annual posting" once the agency pays. n442 Little substantive
information is provided; the Annual Non-Compliant Agency Report available in
May, 2015, stated in its entirety, "No federal agencies were found to be
non-compliant as of November 1, 2014." n443

   Second, Fiscal Services also posts on its website the balances currently owed
by various agencies to the Judgment Fund for No FEAR Act and Contract Disputes
Act reimbursements. n444 The information is transient. No records are kept or
method provided to track agencies that are frequently late in reimbursing the
Fund. n445 Congress is not informed of which agencies fall behind in their CDA
payments. n446

    [*202]  Finally, Treasury has posted on its website databases containing
some information about Judgment Fund payments. It posted Judgment Fund
Transparency Reports to Congress for 2009 through 2014. n447 It did so in
response to the House managers of the Financial Services and General Government
Appropriations Act of 2012 who sought public disclosure of information about
Judgment Fund payments, including plaintiffs' names, attorneys' names, and the
facts giving rise to each claim. n448 These Treasury reports are spreadsheets
showing payments made from the Judgment Fund from October 1 to September 30 of
the year of the report, with columns identifying the defendant agency,
"Plaintiff's Counsel," "Payment Amount," and the principal statutory basis for
the claim. n449 Treasury has posted a similar database for years 2003-2013. n450
The Judgment Fund Transparency Reports do not include all the information
requested by the House managers, such as the identity of plaintiffs, the facts
regarding any claim or, in some instances, the attorneys. n451 Treasury's
reasoning for withholding names of plaintiffs and some attorneys is reflected in
the  [*203]  agency's denial of a Freedom of Information Act ("FOIA") appeal
seeking that information. The agency concluded that "disclosing the names of
individuals who received payments from the Judgment Fund would constitute a
clearly unwarranted invasion of personal privacy." n452 The agency took a
similar position "where the attorney is a sole practitioner and the payment is
exclusively for attorney fees." n453 In FOIA responses the agency disclosed
documents that identified courts, docket numbers, underlying facts, the names of
plaintiffs who were not individuals, and the law firms and lawyers who were not
sole practitioners. n454

   In 1995 Congress repealed the requirement of an annual report on the fees and
expenses paid under EAJA. n455 No statute now requires agencies or the executive
branch to report EAJA payments made in either administrative or judicial
proceedings. n456 Consequently, there is data on the amounts paid under that act
from 1982 to 1994, n457 but a remarkable paucity of information about EAJA
payments made since then. n458 Reports from different agencies about the same
EAJA payments may be conflicting. n459 Even when the GAO performed detailed
audits of specific agencies it was unable to ascertain all EAJA fees paid on
account of those agencies. n460 Its in-depth report  [*204]  on USDA and
Interior agencies concluded that they had "no way to readily determine who made
claims, the total amount each department paid or awarded in attorney fees, who
received the payments, or the statutes under which the cases were brought for
the claims." n461 Members of both sides in environmental litigation recognize
the need for accurate information about EAJA payments. n462

   There is very little public information about outcomes of the Hispanic or
Female Farmer's Claims Process. Unlike Pigford I, Pigford II, and Keepseagle, no
information is available about the number of claims filed; the total amounts
paid on claims, costs, or attorneys' fees; or how much money remains in the
Settlement Fund. The deadline for filing claims passed on May 1, 2013. While the
Framework required the Adjudicator to "issue periodic reports to USDA on the
progress of the Claims Process and the results of adjudications," it did not
mandate public reports. n463 None have been made by the Adjudicator or USDA.
USDA has said only that, "As of September 2015, the Claims Administrator has
scheduled payments to more than 2,500 claimants." n464

   Keeping Judgment Fund payments secret has adverse consequences. Treasury's
Judgment Fund data cannot be matched with other agencies' data because it does
not include common identifiers. n465 As a consequence, agencies cannot assess
whether proposed compromises are reasonable compared to similar cases. n466
Likewise, the absence of specific information on EAJA payments makes it
problematic for Congress to make rational choices about changing that  [*205]
statute, n467 and leaves the public in the dark about the size and frequency of
substantial government payments and the patterns in which they are awarded. n468
The lack of an accessible database of Judgment Fund payments and their
recipients makes it difficult to check whether claimants have previously
recovered for the same injuries. n469

   On a broader level, maintaining the fog around Judgment Fund payments
undercuts the transparency that makes for better government. n470 As Professor
Cass Sunstein observed, "if information is kept secret, public deliberation
cannot occur; the risks of self-interested representation and factional tyranny
increase dramatically." n471 No strong governmental interest supports keeping
Judgment Fund information secret. n472 Routine disclosure of Judgment Fund
payments would have the benefits of facilitating fact-based "citizen
deliberation" and review of government expenditures; furthering "checks and
balances" by providing specific, detailed information by which Congress and the
public could assess executive branch settlements and judicial branch judgments;
and using the disinfecting sunlight of disclosure to discourage payments
grounded in "illegitimate or irrelevant considerations." n473

   The public has a right, grounded in the common law and the First Amendment,
to access all final judgments and court decisions. n474 Treasury's practice of
withholding case names, claimant's names, and fact summaries from its Judgment
Fund databases makes that information  [*206]  difficult to collect in the
aggregate, although that information is readily retrievable on a case by case
basis for matters in litigation via PACER by anyone who knows the parties' names
or the docket number. n475 Indeed, in response to FOIA requests for information
about particular items in the annual Judgment Fund databases, Treasury discloses
transmittal documents and court pleadings that contain docket numbers from which
names and details can be obtained with a few mouse clicks. n476 Requiring the
public to file a FOIA request to get a docket number to use in PACER to find a
plaintiff's name or complaint is akin to making records available only in one
remote government file room. n477 This sort of run-around is inconsistent with
the Administration's Open Government Directive that calls for proactive
dissemination of useful information, without "waiting for specific requests
under FOIA," "online in an open format that can be retrieved, downloaded,
indexed, and searched by commonly used web search applications." n478

   There is even more reason for easy public access when individuals, groups, or
entities receive government funds. The Statement and Account Clause of the
Constitution directs that "a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and
Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time." n479
There is a long history of  [*207]  disclosure of names and amounts paid to
those who sought private bills from Congress. n480 As a matter of policy the
Department of Justice will not agree to settlements or consent decrees that
contain confidentiality provisions. n481 While that policy allows rare
exceptions, they "must be considered in the context of the public's strong
interest in knowing about the conduct of its Government and expenditure of its
resources." n482 There is little reason to keep successful claimants from being
identified as successful claimants. As Judge Joseph F. Anderson observed in the
context of confidentiality provisions, "the desire to protect someone from
relatives, telemarketers, and burglars could also be used to keep secret the
names of the winners of state-run lotteries. Yet no one would seriously argue
that the names of lottery winners should be shrouded in secrecy enforced by the
government." n483

   IV. Possible Improvements in Judgment Fund Practices

   A. Limit Executive Branch Use of the Judgment Fund to Create New Claims
Programs & Processes

 The current Judgment Fund regime has worked fairly well. Congress has given the
executive branch broad discretion to decide how to litigate claims, when to
appeal, and whether to settle. When cases or settlements are final, payments are
promptly made. There have been very few controversies.

   As a practical matter, there is no effective way for anyone outside the
executive branch to monitor specific litigation decisions or settlements for
impropriety or political favoritism. n484 Such matters are necessarily complex
and confidential. Judges are hardly in a position to evaluate and report on
whether government attorneys are too soft in negotiating a particular settlement
or arguing a case. n485 Nor is the legislative branch well suited to investigate
such matters in individual  [*208]  cases. n486 Indeed, congressional attempts
to assess whether specific settlements are too high could draw Congress back
into the quagmire of the legislative claims system. n487

   The Administration's use of the Judgment Fund to create the Hispanic or
Female Farmer's Claims Process without an appropriation n488 and to enter the
Keepseagle settlement does raise other issues. Should the Judgment Fund be
available to fund new administrative claims programs created by the executive
branch without legislation, judicial supervision, or congressional supervision?
n489 Should it be used to endow huge class settlement systems that may spend
more than half the allotted money on purposes other than compensation of
claimants? n490 Congress might consider prohibiting such uses of the Judgment
Fund. n491 If Congress fails to act, it is likely that another administration
will create comparable claims programs or enter similar, open-ended class
settlements; it is easier for the executive branch to act within its arguable
discretion than to persuade Congress to appropriate money.

   B. Increase Transparency

   1. Publish Judgment Fund Payments

 Congress should require public disclosure of detailed information on all
Judgment Fund payments. As suggested by the House managers of the Financial
Services and General Government Appropriations Acts of 2012, 2013, 2014, and
2015 n492 and sponsors of the Judgment Fund Transparency Act, n493 Congress
should require that  [*209]  Treasury post annual reports on the internet
detailing information about each Judgment Fund payment. The posted information
should include for each payment the agency involved; the names of the claimants
or plaintiffs and their attorneys; the amount paid, separately listing
attorneys' fees, costs, and interest; a summary of the facts; and, if the matter
was in litigation, the case name, docket number, and court. n494 This
information is readily available; agencies provide it (other than the summary)
to Treasury when they submit claims or judgments for payment. n495 A
one-sentence fact summary could easily be included in the agency submission. Any
legislation should provide that "except with regard to children under eighteen,
the disclosure of information required in this section shall not be considered a
"clearly unwarranted invasion of personal privacy' for purposes of Title 5,
United States Code." Such a provision is necessary to insure that Treasury does
not withhold this information under FOIA precedents. n496

   2. Restore EAJA Reporting Requirements

 Congress should restore the EAJA reporting requirements as suggested in the
Open Book on Equal Access to Justice Act. n497 This would require the Chairman
of the Administrative Conference of the United States to make an annual report
to Congress on EAJA payments and to post online a database containing for each
administrative award case names, agencies involved, a description of the claim,
the name of the party who received the award, the amount paid, and "the basis
for the finding that the position of the agency concerned was not substantially
justified." n498 For awards made in litigation the bill requires posting of
similar information and disclosure of amounts paid from the Judgment Fund, the
amount of attorney fees, and the statute under which suit was filed. n499 Agency
heads would be required to provide pertinent information. n500

[*210]

   3. Publish Reports on CDA and No FEAR Reimbursements

 Congress should require annual reports from Treasury that identify month by
month information on which agencies were behind on CDA and No FEAR Act Judgment
Fund reimbursement obligations. The practice of posting current balances is of
no use in assessing which agencies have repeatedly missed payments or whether
there is an ongoing problem with delays. GAO has recommended annual reports to
Congress on amounts owed on CDA payments, recognizing that Treasury already
supplies that information to OMB. n501 The now-required No FEAR Annual
Non-Compliant Agency Report provides little information when posted and
disappears shortly thereafter. n502

   Conclusion

 Congress's power of the purse gives it primary authority over the payment of
claims against the government, but a legislative body is ill-suited to decide
individual claims. Congress learned that its attempts to resolve such claims
yielded bad results and required more time and attention than could be
rationally spent on the process. Over the years it made a number of decisions to
have claims decided by the other, better-suited branches of government and to
reduce the administrative and procedural burdens of approving, funding, and
recording those payments. The cumulative effect of those decisions is that
Congress has lost both control over the payment of claims and the ability to
ascertain what claims have been paid or their source of payment.

   The Judgment Fund functions as Congress intended on individual judgments and
settlements, promptly paying them without unnecessary paperwork or processes.
Congressional trust in executive branch attorneys to protect the Fund seems to
be well-founded. The Obama Administration's use of the Judgment Fund to finance
a new claims program created without congressional approval or oversight,
however, opens a different chapter. If Congress does not act to limit such uses,
it is fair to anticipate that similar claims programs will be created without
congressional input and funded by the Judgment Fund.

   Congressional decisions to cut back on requirements for reports and
publication of government payments were made before widespread  [*211]  use of
the internet. Online publication of readily available information about Judgment
Fund payments would be relatively simple and inexpensive. That publication would
serve the public interest by increasing the transparency of government payments
to particular claimants and by providing information that Congress and the
public could use to assess if the claims system is working as it should, and
whether legislative changes should be made.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Administrative LawSovereign ImmunityCopyright LawConstitutional
ProtectionsGeneral OverviewGovernmentsCourtsCourts of Claims

FOOTNOTES:




n1. " [A] claim against the United States is well understood [to be] a right to
demand money from the United States ... which can be presented by the claimant
to some department or officer of the United States for payment, or may be
prosecuted in ... court ... ." Hobbs v. McLean, 117 U.S. 567, 575 (1886); see
also U.S. Gov't Accountability Office, GAO-08-978SP, 3 Principles of Federal
Appropriations Law 14-10 (3d ed. 2008) [hereinafter 2008 GAO Principles of
Federal Appropriations Law], http://www.gao.gov/special.pubs/d08978sp.pdf
(noting that the Hobbs decision resolved the question of what is a claim).





n2.  See William M. Wiecek, The Origin of the United States Court of Claims, 20
Admin. L. Rev. 387, 388 (1968) ("This transfer was not a consciously-sought end
in itself; it was brought about by responses to needs of the moment.").





n3.  31 U.S.C. § 1304 (2012).





n4.  See 2008 GAO Principles of Federal Appropriations Law, supra note 1, at
14-31 to 14-32 (describing the formation of the Judgment Fund); Jeffrey Axelrad,
What is the Judgment Fund?, 1 Ann.2004 ATLA-CLE 435 (2004).





n5.  See infra Part I.D.





n6.  2008 GAO Principles of Federal Appropriations Law, supra note 1, at 14-8.





n7.  See infra notes 141-164 and accompanying text.





n8.  U.S. Gov't Accountability Office, GAO/OGC-94-33, 3 GAO Principles of
Federal Appropriations Law 14-64 (2d ed. 1994) [hereinafter 1994 GAO Principles
of Federal Appropriations Law], http://www.gao.gov/assets/200/196723.pdf.





n9.  See Jenna Greene, Feds Spent Billions to Resolve Suits in 2012; The
Judgment Fund, Nat'l L. J. (Apr. 15, 2013),
http://www.nationallawjournal.com/id=1202595862822/Inside-the-Judgment-Fund?germ
ane=1202595862822&id=1202595810365 (noting that over $ 4 billion was paid from
the Judgment Fund in 2012).





n10.  See 1994 GAO Principles of Federal Appropriations Law, supra note 8, at
12-6 (noting that no one knows the number of claims processed by the federal
government each year); Jenna Greene, Federal Returns; Records Show Government
Paid Billions To Settle Suits Last Year, 34 Nat'l L.J. ( 2012), 1, 1-2
(explaining that the Judgment Fund has "no fiscal year limitations" and
describing the enormous range of payments made in 2011).





n11.  U.S. Const. art. I, § 9, cl. 7.





n12.  See Paul F. Figley & Jay Tidmarsh, The Appropriations Power and Sovereign
Immunity, 107 Mich. L. Rev. 1207, 1248-52 (2009) (chronicling the history of the
Appropriations Clause); Note, The CIA's Secret Funding and the Constitution, 84
Yale L.J. 608, 609-11 (1975) [hereinafter Note, Secret Funding] (tracing the
history of Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 of the Constitution).





n13.  For more detailed descriptions of the debates surrounding Mason's
proposal, and its ultimate rejection, see Halperin v. CIA, 629 F.2d 144, 154-56
(D.C. Cir. 1980); 2 The Records of the Federal Convention of 1787, at 618-19
(Max Farrand ed., rev. ed. 1966); Note, Secret Funding, supra note 13, at
609-11.





n14.  See infra notes 416-438 and accompanying text.





n15.  Am. Fed'n of Gov't Emps., AFL-CIO, Local 1647 v. Fed. Labor Relations
Auth., 388 F.3d 405, 408-09 (3d Cir. 2004) (citing Office of Pers. Mgmt. v.
Richmond, 496 U.S. 414, 425-27 (1990) and Cincinnati Soap Co. v. United States,
301 U.S. 308, 321 (1937)); see also U.S. Dep't of Navy v. Fed. Labor Relations
Auth., 665 F.3d 1339, 1346 (D.C. Cir. 2012) ("The Appropriations Clause ...
protects Congress's "exclusive power over the federal purse.'" (citing Rochester
Pure Waters Dist. v. EPA, 960 F.2d 180, 185 (D.C. Cir. 1992))); 2 The Records of
the Federal Convention of 1787, supra note 14, at 274-75 (noting the view among
many Framers that "the pursestrings should be in the hands of the
Representatives of the people"); Figley & Tidmarsh, supra note 13, at 1253, 1259
(describing the importance of the legislature having control over the public
purse).





n16.  Office of Pers. Mgmt. v. Richmond, 496 U.S. 414, 428 (1990); Cincinnati
Soap Co. v. United States, 301 U.S. 308, 321 (1937); Reeside v. Walker, 52 U.S.
272, 291 (1850); see also Kate Stith, Congress' Power of the Purse, 97 Yale L.J.
1343, 1357 (1988) (discussing constitutional principles of the public fisc and
of appropriations control).





n17.  See Figley & Tidmarsh, supra note 13, at 1262-67 (discussing the
connection between the Appropriations Clause and federal sovereign immunity for
money damages); see also John F. Manning, Clear Statement Rules and the
Constitution, 110 Colum. L. Rev. 399, 437 n.192 (2010) ("The most plausible
textual source for federal sovereign immunity [from money damages] is the
Appropriations Clause ... .").

   The doctrine of sovereign immunity provides that a sovereign state can be
sued only to the extent that it has consented to be sued and that only its
legislative branch can give such consent. See, e.g., United States v. Dalm, 494
U.S. 596, 610 (1990) ("If any principle is central to our understanding of
sovereign immunity, it is that the power to consent to such suits is reserved to
Congress."); accord United States v. U.S. Fid. & Guar. Co., 309 U.S. 506, 514
(1940) ("Consent alone gives jurisdiction to adjudge against a sovereign.").





n18.  Richmond, 496 U.S. at 432 ("Funds may be paid out only on the basis of a
judgment based on a substantive right to compensation based on the express terms
of a specific statute."); 2008 GAO Principles of Federal Appropriations Law,
supra note 1, at 14-30 to 14-32 (noting that the Appropriations Clause "applies
with equal force to payments directed by a court" and citing to Richmond, 496
U.S. at 424-26).





n19.  2008 GAO Principles of Federal Appropriations Law, supra note 1, at 14-29
to 14-44; see also Salazar v. Ramah Navajo Chapter, 132 S. Ct. 2181, 2194 n.9
(2012) (noting that the Appropriations Clause does not bar recovery where a
specific statute establishes a right to compensation from the Judgment Fund);
Cnty. of Suffolk v. Sebelius, 605 F.3d 135, 143 (2d Cir. 2010) (observing that
the legal basis for an award under the Judgment Fund must be found elsewhere in
the law).





n20.  2008 GAO Principles of Federal Appropriations Law, supra note 1, at 14-31
to 14-32; see also Am. Fed'n of Gov't Emps., 388 F.3d at 409 (discussing the
different forms congressional appropriations can take).





n21.  See Glidden Co. v. Zdanok, 370 U.S. 530, 570 (1962) (recognizing a 1933
study that found fifteen instances in seventy years in which Congress did not
appropriate money to pay a judgment); 2008 GAO Principles of Federal
Appropriations Law, supra note 1, at 14-31 (citing Glidden).





n22.  United States v. Testan, 424 U.S. 392, 399 (1976) ("Thus, except as
Congress has consented to a cause of action against the United States, "there is
no jurisdiction ... in any ... court to entertain suits against the United
States.'" (quoting United States v. Sherwood, 312 U.S. 584, 587-88 (1941));
United States v. McLemore, 45 U.S. 286, 288 (1846) ("The government is not
liable to be sued, except with its own consent, given by law.").





n23.  The Judiciary Act of 1789 did not waive sovereign immunity. See Cohens v.
Virginia, 19 U.S. 264, 411-12 (1821) ("The universally received opinion is, that
no suit can be commenced or prosecuted against the United States; that the
judiciary act does not authorize such suits.").





n24.  U.S. Const. amend. I.





n25.  Bills to Provide for the Adjustment of Certain Tort Claims Against the
United States: Hearings on H.R. 5373 and H.R. 6463 Before the H. Comm. on the
Judiciary, 77th Cong. 24-25 (1942) [hereinafter Hearings on H.R. 5373 and H.R.
6463] (statement of Assistant Att'y Gen. Francis M. Shea); see also James E.
Pfander & Jonathan L. Hunt, Public Wrongs and Private Bills: Indemnification and
Government Accountability in the Early Republic, 85 N.Y.U. L. Rev. 1862, 1889-92
(2010) (discussing the common nature and ease of petitioning for private
payments).





n26.  See Floyd D. Shimomura, The History of Claims Against the United States:
The Evolution from a Legislative Toward a Judicial Model of Payment, 45 La. L.
Rev. 625, 638 (1985).





n27.  Id.





n28.  Both the Continental Congress and the Congress of the Confederation
established congressional committees to deal with claims. See 2008 GAO
Principles of Federal Appropriations Law, supra note 1, at 14-3 to 14-4.





n29.  See Shimomura , supra note 26, at 644 (citing 4 Annals of Cong. 883
(1794), H.R. Rep. No. 730, at 2-3)).





n30.  Wiecek, supra note 2, at 392.





n31.  27 Journals of the Continental Congress, 1774-1789, at 469-71 (G. Hunt
ed., 1928).





n32.  See Shimomura, supra note 26, at 634-35 (describing how the Confederation
controlled the Board "at almost every point").





n33.  See 2 Wilson Cowen et al., The United States Court of Claims: A History,
Part II: Origin, Development, Jurisdiction, 1855-1978, at 2, 4 (1978).





n34.  See Wiecek, supra note 2, at 388 (characterizing this as the
"executive-administrative phase"); see also Shimomura, supra note 26, at 635-37
(noting that this approach was consistent with the prior practice of most
colonial legislatures).





n35.  See Act of Sept. 2, 1789, ch. 12, § 5, 1 Stat. 65, 66-67 ("It shall be the
duty of the Auditor to receive all public accounts, and after examination to
certify the balance, and transmit accounts with the vouchers and certificate to
the Comptroller for his decision thereon ... ."); Cowen, supra note 33, at 4
("The exact role of the Treasury in processing the claims is unclear and was
unclear even at the time."); Wiecek, supra note 2, at 389 (explaining that
section 5 of the act establishing the Treasury Department instructed its Auditor
to receive all claims and forward them to the Comptroller); see also Act of Mar.
3, 1817, ch. 45, § 2, 3 Stat. 366, 366 (setting forth procedures for the "prompt
settlement of public accounts").





n36.  See Shimomura, supra note 26, at 644-45 (describing the "two general but
separate claims systems" operated by Congress and the Treasury Department).





n37.  See Charles C. Binney, Origin and Development of Legal Recourse Against
the Government in the United States, 57 U. Pa. L. Rev. 372, 378 (1909) ("As soon
as the Treasury Department was established, the accounting officers were daily
occupied in paying what the government owed for contracts of all kinds.").





n38.  See Wiecek, supra note 2, at 389 ("If a claimant was dissatisfied with the
decision of the Comptroller, his only recourse was to petition Congress.").





n39.  Act of Mar. 23, 1792, ch. 11, § 2, 1 Stat. 243, 244.





n40.  Id. § 4 ("Where the said Secretary shall have cause to suspect imposition
or mistake, he shall have power to withhold the name of such applicant from the
pension list, and make report of the same to Congress."); see also Cowen, supra
note 33, at 5 n.10 (discussing the statute in depth).





n41.  2 U.S. (2 Dall.) 409 (1792).





n42.  Act of Mar. 23, 1792, ch. 17, 1 Stat. 243; see also Shimomura, supra note
26, at 639 (noting that this change apparently resolved the advisory opinion
problem).





n43.  See Act of Apr. 9, 1816, ch. 40, § 14, 3 Stat. 261, 264 ("And when such
judgment shall be in favour of such claim, shall entitle the claimant, or his
legal representative, upon the production of a copy of such judgment ... to
payment of the amount thereof at the treasury of the United States.").





n44.  30 Annals of Cong. 20 (1816); see also Cowen, supra note 33, at 7
(explaining that President Madison not only suspended these functions but asked
Congress to "more clearly define the scope of [the special commissioner's]
duties under the Act"); Wiecek, supra note 2, at 389-90 (noting that President
Madison suspended the commissioner's "functions after less than a year of
operations").





n45.  Act of Mar. 3, 1817, ch. 110, § 5, 3 Stat. 397 ("All claims allowed by
said commissioner, of two hundred dollars or upwards, shall be revised by the
Secretary of War ... and may be confirmed or rejected."); see also Cowen, supra
note 33, at 7 (discussing changes to the 1816 Act in detail).





n46.  See Cowen, supra note 33, at 7-8 ("Experience with the commissioner under
the 1816 Act may have affected the thinking of members of Congress for many
years on the wisdom of delegating final authority to make awards."); see also
Wiecek, supra note 2, at 390 (detailing the reluctance of Congress to "part with
control over the federal purse-strings").





n47.  See 2008 GAO Principles of Federal Appropriations Law, supra note 1, at
14-5.





n48.  See id. at 14-6 ("It was possible for Congress to refuse to appropriate
the funds for a given judgment, leaving the judgment creditor with a valid
entitlement against the United States but no funds legally available to satisfy
it.").





n49.  See id.





n50.  See Cowen, supra note 33, at 8 (noting that after 1817, Congress
considered many claims independent of the Treasury Department); Wiecek, supra
note 2, at 388 (characterizing this period, beginning in the 1820s, as the
"legislative phase").





n51.  See Wiecek, supra note 2, at 392 (noting that there was "no widespread
agitation for a reform of claims procedures").





n52.  8 John Quincy Adams, Entry of Feb. 23, 1832, in Memoirs of John Quincy
Adams, Comprising Portions of His Diary from 1795 to 1848, at 480 (Charles
Francis Adams ed., 1876) ("One-half of the time of Congress is consumed by
[private bills], and there is no common rule of justice for any two of the cases
decided. A deliberative assembly is the worst of all tribunals for the
administration of justice.").





n53.  H.R. Rep. No. 730 (1838).





n54.  Id. at 4-5.





n55.  Id. at 5.





n56.  See id. at 8 ("Claimants and agents persevere in renewing their
applications, year after year, until the loss of time and expenses absorb the
entire amount of a small claim.").





n57.  H.R. Rep. No. 498, at 4 (1848).





n58.  Id. at 5-6.





n59.  See id. at 6-7.





n60.  See Cong. Globe, 33d Cong., 2d Sess. 72 (1854) (statement of Sen. John M.
Clayton) (describing the twice-paid claim); Cowen, supra note 33, at 12 (same).





n61.  See Cong. Globe, 30th Cong., 2d Sess. 308 (1849) (statement of Rep. Andrew
Johnson) (complaining of "notices which ... even members of Congress had put in
the newspapers, proposing to prosecute claims against the Government of the
United States"); see also Wiecek, supra note 2, at 395 ("Government officials,
including Senators and Congressmen themselves, became part-time claims
representatives.").





n62.  See Cong. Globe, 32d Cong., 1st Sess. 2100 (1852) (noting the unanimous
consent given to the appointment of a Senate committee "to inquire into abuses,
bribery, or fraud, in the prosecution of claims before Congress"); Cowen, supra
note 33, at 12-13 (describing "an atmosphere that was ripe for scandal");
Wiecek, supra note 2, at 395 (explaining that the potential problem of bribery
of lawmakers was openly discussed).





n63.  Cong. Globe, 33d Cong., 2d Sess. 70 (1854) (statement of Sen. Brodhead).





n64.  Act of Feb. 24, 1855, ch. 122, 10 Stat. 612 (repealed 1982).





n65.  See Cowen, supra note 33, at 20 (describing the 1855 Act as just the
"beginning"); Shimomura, supra note 26, at 652 (detailing the framework and
powers of the new tribunal).





n66.  See Act of Feb. 24, 1855, ch. 122,§§1, 3, 10 Stat. 612, 618 (outlining the
powers and responsibilities of the new tribunal).





n67.  See id.§§2, 5 (authorizing a solicitor to represent the government and
providing parties an opportunity to cross-examine).





n68.  Id. §§7-9. The decision to deny the court authority to render final
judgment was closely contested. See Shimomura, supra note 26, at 650-52
(discussing the legislative proposals and debates that aimed to relieve Congress
of the inundation of claims).





n69.  See Act of Feb. 24, 1855, ch. 122,§§7-9, 10 Stat. 612, 613-14
(establishing procedures for the Court of Claims to submit reports and draft
bills to Congress); see also Slattery v. United States, 635 F.3d 1298, 1301
(Fed. Cir. 2011) ("Any payment to the claimant was implemented by specific
legislative enactment.").





n70.  See Cong. Globe, 34th Cong., 1st Sess. 607, 607-10, 970-73, 1241-49 (1856)
(debating whether Court of Claims judgments should be final or closely reviewed
by Congress). Congressman Houston stated the issue succinctly:



   If it be intended that we are simply to carry out the judgment of the Court
of Claims in every case, we might as well pass the bills without referring them
anywhere. If, however, our purpose is to make an examination of the cases
ourselves ... it ought to take the usual course ... [and] go, as in other cases,
to one of the standing committees ... whose appropriate duty and business it is
to make that particular examination.

 Id. at 607.





n71.  Shimomura, supra note 26, at 653; Wiecek, supra note 2, at 397.





n72.  See Wiecek, supra note 2, at 398 (describing congressional review of Court
of Claims decisions); see also Shimomura, supra note 26, at 653 (explaining the
consequences of treating Court of Claims decisions as advisory).





n73.  See Wiecek, supra note 2, at 398 ("Adverse decisions of the court were
usually accepted by Congress, but favorable decisions were debated.").





n74.  Shimomura, supra note 26, at 653.





n75.  See H.R. Rep. No. 513, at 1-3, 7 (1860) (urging that claims be decided by
the district courts); Shimomura, supra note 26, at 653 (noting that "all the old
problems reappeared"); Wiecek, supra note 2, at 398 (discussing deficiencies of
the claims system in the 1850s).





n76.  Wiecek, supra note 2, at 398.





n77.  See Cowen, supra note 33, at 21 (recognizing the "extraordinarily large
number of war claims").





n78.  President Lincoln said that



   it is important that some more convenient means should be provided, if
possible, for the adjustment of claims against the government, especially in
view of their increased number by reason of the war. It is as much the duty of
government to render prompt justice against itself, in favor of citizens, as it
is to administer the same between private individuals. The investigation and
adjudication of claims in their nature belong to the judicial department.

 Wiecek, supra note 2, at 398.





n79.  Id. at 398-99.





n80.  Id. at 399; see also Cowen, supra note 33, at 21 (noting in particular
that the "Senate was closely divided on the finality issue").





n81.  See Wiecek, supra note 2, at 399 ("Pressures for the establishment of a
court mounted as the war claims poured in.").





n82.  Id. at 398-99.





n83.  Amended Court of Claims Act of 1863, Ch. 92, 12 Stat. 765.





n84.  Id. §§3, 5, 12 Stat. at 765-66.





n85.  Id. § 3, 12 Stat. at 765.





n86.  Id. § 4, 12 Stat. at 766.





n87.  Id. § 7, 12 Stat. at 766.





n88.  See Slattery, 635 F.3d at 1302 ("This provision ... removed the need for a
special congressional appropriation to pay each individual judgment." (citing
Shimomura, supra note 26, at 652-53)). A last-minute amendment briefly
undermined the finality of Court of Claims judgments by barring the payment of a
claim until "after an appropriation therefor shall be estimated for by the
Secretary of the Treasury." Act of Mar. 8, 1868, ch. 92, § 14, 12 Stat. 765, 768
. Section 14 was repealed after the Supreme Court dismissed for lack of
jurisdiction the first appeal of a Court of Claims decision in Gordon v. United
States, 69 U.S. 561 (1864). No written opinion was issued with the Court's
judgment, an oddity explained by a lost opinion and the death of a Chief
Justice. See United States v. Jones, 119 U.S. 477, 478 (1886) (explaining that
the delay in publishing Gordon was due, in part, to Chief Justice Roger Taney's
passing); Wiecek, supra note 2, at 401-03 (noting that "Taney died before the
December term" of 1864). For our purposes, the key fact is that when he
announced the Gordon judgment on March 10, 1865, Chief Justice Salmon P. Chase
stated, "We think that the authority given to the head of an Executive
Department by necessary implication in [Section 14] to revise all the decisions
of that court requiring payment of money, denies to it the judicial power, from
the exercise of which alone appeals can be taken to this court." Jones, 119 U.S.
at 478. A year after the Gordon decision, Congress repealed Section 14. Act of
March 17, 1866, ch. 19, § 1 , 14 Stat. 9; see also Gordon, 69 U.S. at 561
(holding that the Supreme Court has no appellate jurisdiction over Court of
Claims decisions); Wiecek, supra note 2, at 403-04 (noting that, according to
Congressman Lyman Trumbull, "the sole object of this bill is to remove this
obstacle [§ 14] to taking appeals to the Supreme Court").





n89.  See Act of June 25, 1864, ch. 147, 13 Stat. 145, 148 (appropriating $
300,000 to create a fund for the payment of Court of Claims judgments "rendered"
in the next year); see also Slattery, 635 F.3d at 1303-04 ("Following the 1863
enactment, Congress made periodic general appropriations for payment of the
judgments of the Court of Claims."); Shimomura, supra note 26, at 686-87
("Congress chose to appropriate funds annually on a lump sum basis.").





n90.  See Shimomura, supra note 26, at 663 (discussing statutes that fine-tuned
the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims).





n91.  Id. The Takings Clause of the Fifth Amendment states that private property
shall not "be taken for public use, without just compensation." U.S. Const.
amend. V.





n92.  H.R. Rep. No. 49-1077, at 4 (1886).





n93.  Act of Mar. 3, 1887, ch. 359, § 1, 24 Stat. 505, 505.





n94.  See 18 Cong. Rec. 2678 (1887) (statement of Rep. Tucker).





n95.  See Cowen, supra note 33, at 43-51 (listing and describing these new areas
of jurisdiction).





n96.  Act of Mar. 3, 1887, ch. 359, § 11, 24 Stat. 505, 507.





n97.  See Shimomura, supra note 26, at 661 (noting that from 1876 to 1894,
Congress typically appropriated funds to pay specific judgments).





n98.  1994 GAO Principles of Federal Appropriations Law, supra note 8, at 14-6.
A 1904 statute required all judgments against the United States to be
"transmitted to Congress through the Treasury Department" in the same fashion as
other estimates for appropriation. Act of Apr. 27, 1904, Pub. L. No. 58-189, 33
Stat. 394, 422. In 1950, this provision was repealed as part of the Budget and
Accounting Procedures Act of 1950, Pub. L. No. 81-784, § 301(3), 64 Stat. 832,
839. Because the new statute required the president to submit a budget to
Congress, it did not alter the requirement that Congress appropriate funds to
pay judgments. 1994 GAO Principles of Federal Appropriations Law, supra note 8,
at 14-6.





n99.  Prior to passing the Federal Tort Claims Act in 1946, Congress had enacted
several statutes to allow tort suits against the government in specific
situations, such as admiralty disputes and Post Office negligence. See Hearings
on H.R. 5373 and H.R. 6463, supra note 25, at 25, 38-39, 47-48 (listing
statutes).





n100.  See id. at 49-55 (collecting comments dating from 1832 to 1940 by
congressmen criticizing the legislative system for deciding tort claims against
the government).





n101.  Id. In 1926, Massachusetts Congressman Charles L. Underhill explained,
"The power vested in the chairman of the Committee on Claims is tremendous and
absolutely wrong. I can either refuse arbitrarily to consider your claim or I
can take up each and every one of your claims to suit my convenience." Id. at
52; accord id. at 54 (noting, in a 1940 statement made by Rep. Robinson, the
waste of time and inequity caused by the procedures for bringing a claim against
the government).





n102.  See id. at 37 (noting that "the judgment of the past two decades has
shown [the legislative claims procedures] to be inadequate, burdensome, and
unproductive of substantial justice in many cases"); see also H.R. Rep. No.
79-1287, at 2 (1945) ("It does not afford a well-defined continually operating
machinery for the consideration of such claims.").





n103.  Hearings on H.R. 5373 and H.R. 6463, supra note 25, at 54 (1940 statement
of Rep. Vorys).





n104.  See, e.g., S. Rep. No. 79-1400, at 30-31 (1946) (discussing the
tediousness of sorting through individual claims and the small likelihood of
success for such claims); H.R. Rep. No. 79-1287, at 2 (1945) (describing the
criticism of the claims system as "being unduly burdensome to the Congress" and
"unjust to the claimants"); Hearings on H.R. 5373 and H.R. 6463, supra note 25,
at 49-55 (compiling criticisms by congressmen of the existing procedures to
obtain relief for private claims).





n105.  Hearings on H.R. 5373 and H.R. 6463, supra note 25, at 56; see also H.R.
Doc. No. 77-562, at 1 (1942) (noting, in a message from President Roosevelt,
that less than 20% of private claims bills in the 74th, 75th, and 76th
Congresses became law); H.R. Rep. No. 79-1287, at 2 (1945) (listing the
proportion of successful private claims bills in various congresses).





n106.  See generally Hearings on H.R. 5373 and H.R. 6463, supra note 25, at
40-41 (discussing the introduction of various legislative remedies in previous
decades); Lester S. Jayson & Robert C. Longstreth, Handling Federal Tort Claims
§§2.09-2.10 (2013) (describing tort recovery options and limitations before and
after the enactment of the FTCA).

   Congress had previously passed a myriad of statutes that provided remedies
for torts arising in particular circumstances. See id. § 2.05 (describing
twenty-four such statutes). These ranged from statutes of very limited scope,
such as protecting oyster growers (Act of Aug. 30, 1935, ch. 831, 49 Stat. 1028,
1049) or persons damaged by Lighthouse Service vessels (Act of June 17, 1910,
ch. 301, 36 Stat. 534, 537), to those of broad application, such as the Federal
Employees Compensation Act (Act of Sept. 7, 1916, ch. 458, 39 Stat. 742) and the
Suits in Admiralty Act (Act of Mar. 9, 1920, ch. 95, 41 Stat. 525).





n107.  Wiecek, supra note 2, at 399 (citing Messages and Papers of the
Presidents (James D. Richardson ed., 1902)); see also supra note 78 and
accompanying text (recognizing problems with the claims system in place at the
time).





n108.  See H.R. Doc. No. 77-562, at 1 (1942) ("In these critical days of our
national-defense effort, I feel there should be a joint endeavor on the part of
the Congress and ... the executive branch ... to divest our minds as far as
possible of matters of lesser importance which consume considerable time and
effort.").





n109.  Fed. Tort Claims Act, Pub. L. No. 79-601, 60 Stat. 812 (1946) (codified
in scattered sections of 28 U.S.C.).





n110.  28 U.S.C. § 1346(b)(1) (2012).





n111.  Id.





n112.  See, e.g., id. (granting subject matter jurisdiction in limited
circumstances); id. § 2675(a) (establishing the administrative claims
procedure); id. § 2680 (listing exceptions to the FTCA's general waiver of
sovereign immunity).





n113.  See Jayson & Longstreth, supra note 106, § 3.01 (noting that a primary
purpose of the FTCA was "to do justice to those who had suffered injuries or
losses through the wrongs of government employees").





n114.  See Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946, Pub. L. No. 79-601, § 131, 60
Stat. 831 ("No private bill ... for personal injuries or death for which suit
may be instituted under the Federal Tort Claims Act ... shall be received or
considered in either the Senate or the House of Representatives.").





n115.  Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946, § 411, 60 Stat. at 844; 1994 GAO
Principles of Federal Appropriations Law, supra note 8, at 14-51 to 14-52.





n116.  Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946, § 403(c), 60 Stat. at 812. At
that time $ 1,000 was the limit of agency authority for administrative
settlements under the FTCA. Id. § 403(a). That amount was raised to $ 2,500 in
1959. Act of Sept. 8, 1959, Pub. L. No. 86-238, 73 Stat. 471. Claims in excess
of the prescribed amount had to be brought in federal district court.
Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946, § 410, 60 Stat. at 812.





n117.  See, e.g., Treasury and Post Office Dep'ts Appropriation Act, 1948, Pub.
L. No. 80-147, ch. 186, 61 Stat. 216 (1947); Navy Dep't Appropriation Act, 1948,
Pub. L. No. 202, ch. 268, 61 Stat. 382, 383 (1947); Dep'ts of State, Justice,
Commerce, and the Judiciary Appropriation Act, 1948, Pub. L. No. 166, ch. 211,
61 Stat. 279, 289, 294, 302 (1947).





n118.  See Act of Sept. 23, 1950, Pub. L. No. 81-830, § 9, 64 Stat. 985, 987
(1950); H.R. Rep. No. 81-2984, at 9-10 (1950).





n119.  See H.R. Rep. No. 84-2638, ch. 13, at 72 (1956) (recognizing the bill
would reduce interest payments); Hearings Before the Subcomm. of the H. Comm. on
Appropriations, 84th Cong. 884-85, 889 (1956) (noting that processing
appropriation requests took unnecessary time from executive and legislative
resources, delayed payments, and increased interest costs); 2008 GAO Principles
of Federal Appropriations Law, supra note 1, at 14-31 (elaborating on the
burdensome process of allocating resources to process appropriations).





n120.  See H.R. Rep. No. 84-2638, ch. 13, at 72 (1956) (recognizing that
creation of the Judgment Fund would simplify payments and reduce interest
payments); Hearings Before the Subcomm. of the H. Comm. on Appropriations, 84th
Cong. 885, 888-89 (1956) (explaining that the delay between the award of a final
judgment and congressional enactment of an appropriation bill to pay it caused
annoyance to claimants).





n121.  See H. Rep. No. 84-2638, ch. 13, at 72; Hearings Before the Subcomm. of
the H. Comm. on Appropriations, 84th Cong. 883-88 (1956) (discussing the
Administration's "Proposal to Expedite the Payment of Judgments against the
United States"); 2008 GAO Principles of Federal Appropriations Law, supra note
1, at 14-31 (providing background to the decision to establish a permanent fund
for payment of judgments). The 1953 proposal was rejected because it provided
for the Comptroller General to identify for Congress specific judgments that
should not be paid. See Hearings Before the Subcomm. of the H. Comm. on
Appropriations, 84th Cong. 885, 888 (1956).





n122.  Supplemental Appropriation Act of 1957, Pub. L. No. 84-814, § 1302, 70
Stat. 678, 694-95 (1956). The statute provided, inter alia:



   There are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, and out of the postal revenues, respectively, such sums as may
hereafter be necessary for the payment, not otherwise provide for, as certified
by the Comptroller General, of judgments (not in excess of $ 100,000 in any one
case) rendered by the district courts and the Court of Claims against the United
States which have become final, together with such interest and costs as may be
specified in such judgments or otherwise authorized by law.

 Id.





n123.  H.R. Rep. No. 84-2638, ch. 13, at 72; Hearings Before the Subcomm. of the
H. Comm. on Appropriations, 84th Cong. 884-88 (1956).





n124.  See S. Rep. No. 87-733, at 2439 (1961) (noting that before 1956, a "large
percentage of the judgments rendered against the United States were payable only
upon enactment of specific appropriations legislation"); H.R. Rep. No. 87-428,
at 3 (1961) (explaining how this method of payment would help the United States
with both foreign policy and interest charges).





n125.  S. Rep. No. 87-733, at 2 (1961).





n126.  Id. at 2-4, 9 (describing the benefits received by the United States from
the enactment of the 1956 statute); H.R. Rep. No. 87-428, at 2, 4 (1961).





n127.  Act of Aug. 30, 1961, Pub. L. No. 87-187, § 2, 75 Stat. 415, 416.





n128.  Id. The statute also broadened coverage to include judgments from state
and foreign courts. See id. § 1 (authorizing the United States to pay final
judgments of foreign courts, provided the Attorney General determines that it is
in the interest of the United States to do so).





n129.  Id.; H.R. Rep. No. 87-428, at 2-3, 5-6 (1961).





n130.  Act of Sept. 23, 1950, Pub. L. No. 81-830, § 9, 64 Stat. 985, 987.





n131.  Sidney B. Jacoby, The 89th Congress and Government Litigation, 67 Colum.
L. Rev. 1212, 1218, 1218 n.37 (1967).





n132.  H.R. Rep. No. 87-428, at 6 (1961).





n133.  John G. Laughlin, The Compromise of Federal Tort Claims Act Litigation,
1965 A.B.A. Sec. Ins. Negl. & Comp. L. Proc. 551, 553 (1965).





n134.  Jacoby, supra note 131, at 1218 n.37.





n135.  Act of July 18, 1966, Pub. L. No. 89-506,§§2, 4, 7, 80 Stat. 306, 306-07.





n136.  Id. §§1(c), 6, 80 Stat. at 306-07.





n137.  See S. Rep. No. 89-1327 (1966) (lacking discussion on the issue); H.R.
Rep. No. 89-1532 (1966) (same); Improvement of Procedures in Claims Settlement
and Government Litigation: Hearing before the Subcomm. of the H. Comm. on the
Judiciary, 89th Cong. 5 (1966); Jacoby, supra note 131, at 1218.





n138.  Supplemental Appropriations Act of 1977, Pub. L. No. 95-26, ch. 14, 91
Stat. 61, 96-97; S. Rep. No. 95-64, at 173, 204-06 . The statute did require
that the Postal Service and specific non-appropriated fund instrumentalities
reimburse the United States for any settlement or judgments paid on their
account from the Judgment Fund. See Supplemental Appropriations Act of 1977,
Pub. L. No. 95-26, ch. 14, 91 Stat. at 97 (listing, for example, "the Army and
Air Force Exchange Service, Navy Exchanges, Marine Corps Exchanges, Coast Guard
Exchanges, or Exchange Councils of the National Aeronautics and Space
Administration").





n139.  H.R. Rep. No. 95-98, at 184 (1977).





n140.  See Supplemental Appropriations Act, 1978, Pub. L. No. 95-240, § 201, 92
Stat. 107, 116; see also S. Rep. No. 95-564, at 76-77 (1977) (identifying the
Military Claims Act, the National Guard Claims Act, the National Aeronautics and
Space Act of 1958, the Small Claims Act, and the Indian Claims Commission).
Congress has seen fit to have some damages settlements paid from agency
appropriations. One example is the Attorney General's authority to settle claims
for damages caused by law enforcement officers that could not be brought under
the FTCA. 31 U.S.C. § 3724 (2012). A 1989 amendment to the statute increased the
Attorney General's settlement authority to $ 50,000 and brought coverage to more
Justice Department law enforcement agencies. Act of Dec. 7, 1989, Pub. L. No.
101-203, § 1, 103 Stat. 1805, 1805. The legislative history of that amendment
recognized that such settlements are paid from agency appropriations. See H.R.
Rep. No. 101-46, at 6 (1989).





n141.  2008 GAO Principles of Federal Appropriations Law, supra note 1, at
14-34; see also United States v. Varner, 400 F.2d 369, 372 (5th Cir. 1968)
(reading the legislative history of the Judgment Fund and noting the Fund's
primary purpose was "to provide for the prompt payment of judgments and thereby
to eliminate or reduce the costs of interest"); United States v. Maryland, 349
F.2d 693, 695 (D.C. Cir. 1965) (observing that the Judgment Fund's goal was to
allow claimants to "receive prompt payment without awaiting a special
appropriation").





n142.  Its key provisions provide:



   (a) Necessary amounts are appropriated to pay final judgments, awards,
compromise settlements, and interest and costs specified in the judgments or
otherwise authorized by law when -



(1) payment is not otherwise provided for;



(2) payment is certified by the Secretary of the Treasury; and



(3) the judgment, award, or settlement is payable -



(A) under section 2414 ["Payment of judgments and compromise settlements" from
District Courts and the Court of International Trade],



2517 [Payment of Judgments from the Court of Federal Claims],



2672 [FTCA agency approved administrative claims], or 2677 [FTCA Attorney
General approved settlements] of title 28;



(B) under section 3723 of this title [the "Small Claims Act," allowing agency
settlement of small property claims];



(C) under a decision of a board of contract appeals; or



(D) in excess of an amount payable from the appropriations of an agency for a
meritorious claim under section 2733 or 2734 of title 10 [Settlement of specific
claims by the military], section 715 of title 32 [same], or section 20113 of
title 51 [Specified "Powers of the Administration in performance of functions"].


 31 U.S.C. § 1304(a).





n143.  Id.; see also Marathon Oil Co. v. United States, 374 F.3d 1123, 1128
(Fed. Cir. 2004) (defining final judgment as "[a] court's last action that
settles the rights of the parties and disposes of all issues in controversy,
except for the award of costs (and, sometimes, attorney's fees) and enforcement
of the judgment" (quoting Black's Law Dictionary 847 (7th ed. 1999) (internal
quotation marks omitted)); 2008 GAO Principles of Federal Appropriations Law,
supra note 1, at 14-36 (noting that "a judgment against the United States is
final for payment purposes when the appellate process is completed").





n144.  See 2008 GAO Principles of Federal Appropriations Law, supra note 1, at
14-38 ("Money judgments have "traditionally taken the form of a lump sum, paid
at the conclusion of the litigation.'" (quoting Jones & Laughlin Steel Corp. v.
Pfeifer, 462 U.S. 523, 533 (1983))).





n145.  See id. (explaining that injunctions such as those that direct agencies
to implement government programs or repair buildings do not meet the Judgment
Fund requirement).





n146.  31 U.S.C. § 1304(a)(1).





n147.  62 Comp. Gen. 12, 14 (1982); see also 2008 GAO Principles of Federal
Appropriations Law, supra note 1, at 14-39 (explaining that payment is
"otherwise provided for" when "another appropriation or fund is legally
available to satisfy the judgment").





n148.  2008 GAO Principles of Federal Appropriations Law, supra note 1, at 14-40
.





n149.  31 U.S.C. § 1304(a)(3); see also 2008 GAO Principles of Federal
Appropriations Law, supra note 1, at 14-32 to 14-34 (addressing the statutes
listed in § 1304(a)(3), observing that "Congress sometimes includes a provision
in other legislation making particular items payable from the Judgment Fund,"
and noting that the Judgment Fund was intended to pay matters "under authority
of the Justice Department").





n150.  31 U.S.C. § 1304(a)(2).





n151.  See 2008 GAO Principles of Federal Appropriations Law, supra note 1, at
14-33 ("Certification under section 1304 does not involve reviewing the merits
of the awards submitted for payment.").





n152.  Id. at 14-34; see also Varner, 400 F.2d at 372 (reading the legislative
history of the Judgment Fund and noting the fund's primary purpose was "to
provide for the prompt payment of judgments and thereby to eliminate or reduce
the costs of interest"); Maryland, 349 F.2d at 695 (observing that the Judgment
Fund's goal was to allow claimants to "receive prompt payment without awaiting a
special appropriation").





n153.  31 U.S.C. § 1304(a)(3)(A) (referencing 28 U.S.C. § 2414 (Supp. IV 2011));
see, e.g., Lozada v. United States, 974 F.2d 986, 988 (8th Cir. 1992).





n154.  31 U.S.C. § 1304(a)(3)(A) (referencing 28 U.S.C. § 2414 (Supp. IV 2011));
see, e.g., Luciano Pisoni Fabbrica Accessori Instrumenti Musicali v. United
States, 11 C.I.T. 280, 282 (1987), aff'd, 837 F.2d 465 (Fed. Cir. 1988).





n155.  31 U.S.C. § 1304(a)(3)(A) (referencing 28 U.S.C. § 2517 (2012)); see,
e.g., Cardiosom, L.L.C. v. United States, 656 F.3d 1322, 1328 (Fed. Cir. 2011);
Slattery, 635 F.3d at 1302.





n156.  31 U.S.C. § 1304(a)(3)(A) (referencing 28 U.S.C. § 2672 (2012)).





n157.  Id.





n158.  2008 GAO Principles of Federal Appropriations Law, supra note 1, at
14-48.





n159.  31 U.S.C. § 1304(a)(3)(C) (2012); 2008 GAO Principles of Federal
Appropriations Law, supra note 1, at 14-48; 41 U.S.C. § 7108(a)-(b) (Supp. IV
2011); Bureau of Land Mgmt.-Reimbursement of Contract Disputes Act Payments,
April 24, 1984, 63 Comp. Gen. 308 (1984); see, e.g., The Boeing Co., ASBCA No.
54853, 06-1 BCA P 33270, 2009 WL 4738163 (Apr. 12, 2006); Montage, Inc. v. U.S.
Dep't of State, GSBCA No. 16758-ST, 2006 WL 2978322 (Oct. 12, 2006); Appeals of
the Miss. Band of Choctaw Indians, IBCA No. 4711, 06-1 BCA P 33253, 2006 WL
6435815 (Apr. 14, 2006); SecTek, Inc. v. U.S. Dep't of Homeland Sec., DOTCAB No.
4516, 05-2 BCA P 33067, 2005 WL 3789969 (Sept. 8, 2005).





n160.  2008 GAO Principles of Federal Appropriations Law, supra note 1, at
14-32, 14-32 n.62.





n161.  See id. at 15-266 (noting that non-appropriated fund instrumentalities
("NAFIs") generally must pay judgments from their own funds); see also United
States v. Hopkins, 427 U.S. 123, 127 (1976) (suggesting that unless it
specifically acts, Congress does not intend to assume NAFIs' obligations);
Mignogna v. Sair Aviation, Inc., 937 F.2d 37, 42 (2d Cir. 1991) (noting that
NAFIs may be subject to claims against them and their non-appropriated assets).





n162.  See 39 U.S.C. § 409(h) (2012) (requiring the Postal Service to pay
judgments against it from its own funds).





n163.  Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation (No
FEAR) Act, Pub. L. No. 107-174, § 201(b), 116 Stat. 566, 568-69 (2002).





n164.  41 U.S.C. § 7108(c) (Supp. IV 2011). The Judgment Fund statute addresses
two other issues that are only tangentially relevant to the topic under
discussion. They are the payment of interest, 31 U.S.C. § 1304(b), and the
payment of judgments and settlements arising from contracts of military
exchanges. 31 U.S.C. § 1304(c).





n165.  Contract Disputes Act of 1978, Pub. L. No. 95-563, 92 Stat. 2383 (1978)
[hereinafter "CDA"] (codified at 41 U.S.C. § 7101 et seq. (2006)).





n166.  H.R. Rep. No. 95-1556, at 5 (1978); see generally Clarence Kipps, Tom
Kindness & Cameron Hamrick, The Contract Disputes Act: Solid Foundations,
Magnificent System, 28 Pub. Cont. L. J. 585, 585-87 (1999) (comparing CDA with
the prior system for resolving federal contract disputes).





n167.  Major Key, Reimbursement of the Judgment Fund Under the Contract Disputes
Act, 2000 Army Law. 32, 33 (2000) (citing S. Rep. No. 95-1118, at 33 (1978),
reprinted in 1978 U.S.C.C.A.N. 5235, 5267); see also 1994 GAO Principles of
Federal Appropriations Law, supra note 8, at 14-11.





n168.  CDA, Pub. L. No. 95-563, § 13, 92 Stat. 2383, 2389 (1978). An exception
was made for judgments and awards against the Tennessee Valley Authority. Id. §
13(d), 92 Stat. at 2389.





n169.  Id. § 13(c), 92 Stat. at 2389.





n170.  See S. Rep. No. 95-1118, at 33 (1978), reprinted in 1978 U.S.C.C.A.N.
5235, 5267 (suggesting that reimbursement ensures that agencies pay the actual
total costs of programs); H.R. Rep. No. 95-1556, at 31-32 (1978). See generally
Key, supra note 167, at 33 (tracing the history of agencies' payment
responsibilities under the CDA).





n171.  S. Rep. No. 95-1118, at 33, reprinted in 1978 U.S.C.C.A.N. at 5267
(observing the perverse incentive not to settle claims).





n172.  Id.; accord H.R. Rep. No. 95-1556, at 86 (1978); see also Letter from
Elmer B. Staats, Comptroller Gen. of the United States, to Rep. Peter W. Rodino,
Chairman, H. Comm. on the Judiciary (Aug. 17, 1977) (noting that the CDA's
reimbursement provision would eliminate "the existing incentive" agencies had to
avoid settlements, and would provide greater transparency of the actual
"economic cost of procurement programs").





n173.  H.R. Rep. No. 95-1556, at 31-32; see also Bell BCI Co. v. United States,
91 Fed. Cl. 664, 668 (2010) (suggesting that the purpose of the new procedure
was to save on the cost of interest to the government (citing Bath Iron Works
Corp. v. United States, 20 F.3d 1567, 1583 (Fed. Cir. 1994))).





n174.  U.S. Gov't Accountability Office, GAO-04-481, Judgment Fund: Treasury's
Estimates of Claim Payment Processing Costs under the No FEAR Act and Contract
Disputes Act 4 (2004) [hereinafter GAO-04-481].





n175.  U.S. Gov't Accountability Office, GAO-08-295R, The Judgment Fund: Status
or Reimbursements Required by the No FEAR Act and Contract Disputes Act 8 (2008)
[hereinafter GAO-08-295R].





n176.  Id. at 9.





n177.  31 C.F.R. § 256.41 (2013).





n178.  See GAO-08-295R, supra note 175, at 9.





n179.  See GAO-04-481, supra note 174, at 4.





n180.  See GAO-08-295R, supra note 175, at 10-11 (listing actions such as using
billing letters, phone calls and emails, and increasing agency awareness); see
also 5 C.F.R. § 724.101 et seq. (2005) (establishing similar provisions for the
No FEAR Act).





n181.  Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act
of 2002, Pub. L. No. 107-174, 116 Stat. 566 (codified at 5 U.S.C. § 2301
(2012)).





n182.  H.R. Rep. No. 107-101, 2001 WL 670677, 7-9 (2001), reprinted in 2002
U.S.C.C.A.N. 419, 419-22; S. Rep. No. 107-143, at 6-7 (2002). The Act grew out
of an investigation by the House Science Committee into discrimination at the
Environmental Protection Agency. S. Rep. No. 107-143, at 2 (2002); see generally
Intolerance at EPA - Harming People, Harming Science?: Hearing before the H.
Comm. on Sci., 106th Cong. 91-92 (2000) (discussing the EPA's history of
discrimination and retaliation issues); Lindsey Nelson, Mission Not
Accomplished: Missing Billions in Iraq, Enhanced Whistleblower Protections, and
A Large Failure in A Small Step, 38 Pub. Cont. L.J. 277, 291 (2008) (noting
three causes of the EPA's problems that led to enactment of the No FEAR Act).





n183.  Pub. L. No. 107-174, § 202, 116 Stat. at 569.





n184.  Id. § 203, 116 Stat. at 569.





n185.  Id. § 201, 116 Stat. at 568.





n186.  See Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation
Act of 2001: Hearing on H.R. 169 Before the H. Comm. on the Judiciary, 107th
Cong. 6 (2001) (statement of Kweisi Mfume, President and CEO, NAACP) (decrying
the increase in discrimination claims within the federal government and
suggesting that bringing a formal claim is "often tantamount to a death sentence
for a person's career within the federal government").





n187.  See S. Rep. No. 107-143, at 3 (observing that, in fiscal year 2000,
agencies were relieved of paying almost $ 43 million in discrimination claims
because of the Judgment Fund); 147 Cong. Rec. 778 (Jan. 29, 2001) (statement of
Sen. John Warner) ("I firmly believe that because there is no financial
consequence to their actions, Federal agencies are essentially able to escape
responsibility when they fail to comply with the law and are unresponsive to
their employees' concerns.").





n188.  H.R. Rep. No. 107-101, at 13, reprinted in 2002 U.S.C.C.A.N. 419, 425-26;
S. Rep. No. 107-143, at 7.





n189.  The Committee on the Judiciary used the term "perverse incentive" in the
House Report:



   The Committee finds that allowing Federal agencies to use the general
treasury as a slush fund to pay court judgments and settlements for
discriminating and retaliating, has created:



(1) a lack of accountability among some of the Federal agencies; and



(2) a perverse incentive for agencies to prolong the cases until they reach
court.

 H.R. Rep. No. 107-101, at 13, reprinted in 2002 U.S.C.C.A.N. at 426. See also
id. at 52, 54 (illustrating, in the statement of Rep. Nadler, the use of the
term "perverse incentive").





n190.  S. Rep. No. 107-143, at 3 (quoting J. Christopher Mihm, General
Accounting Office, Testimony Before the Committee on the Judiciary, House of
Representatives, May 9, 2001, p. 8).





n191.  Pub. L. No. 107-174, § 201, 116 Stat. at 568; see also S. Rep. No.
107-143, at 3 (observing that agencies will still use the Judgment Fund to
initially pay the discrimination claims to prevent large settlements or
judgments from disrupting agency operations in the short term); H.R. Rep. No.
107-101, pt. 1, at 13, reprinted in 2002 U.S.C.C.A.N. 419, 427 (observing that
smaller agencies can spread Judgment Fund reimbursement payments over several
years, as the No FEAR Act only requires payment within a reasonable amount of
time).





n192.  GAO-08-295R, supra note 175, at 8.





n193.  See, e.g., Vivian S. Chu & Brian T. Yeh, Congressional Research Service,
The Judgment Fund: History, Administration, and Common Usage 15 (2013)
[hereinafter CRS Judgment Fund], https://www.fas.org/sgp/crs/misc/R42835.pdf
(noting statute provides no "definitive period").





n194.  See GAO-08-295R, supra note 175, at 5 (noting that of $ 45.1 million
through fiscal year 2006, $ 44.9 million had been reimbursed by April 2007).





n195.  See id. at 8, 13. For fiscal years 2002-2006 the average CDA payment was
$ 2.1 million; the average No FEAR payment (2004-2006) was $ 72,064. Id. at 5-6.





n196.  Equal Access to Justice Act, Pub. L. No. 96-481, 94 Stat. 2325 (1980)
(codified as amended at 5 U.S.C. § 504; 28 U.S.C. § 2412); see also U.S. Gov't
Accountability Office, GAO-12-417R, Limited Data Available on USDA and Interior
Attorney Fee Claims and Payments 1 (2012) [hereinafter GAO 12-417R] ("The
premise of EAJA was to help ensure that decisions to contest administrative
actions are based on the merits and not the cost of litigation ... ."); Louise
L. Hill, An Analysis and Explanation of the Equal Access to Justice Act, 19
Ariz. St. L.J. 229, 230 (1987) ("The fundamental purpose of the EAJA is to allow
certain parties to challenge unreasonable federal government action.").





n197.  See S. Rep. No. 96-253, at 5-6 (1980) (recognizing the civic value of
showing government policies are erroneous or inaccurate); H.R. Rep. No. 96-1418,
at 10 (1980) (same).





n198.  H.R. Rep. No. 96-1418, at 17 (noting punitive aspect of reducing agency
budgets).





n199.  Pub. L. No. 96-481, 94 Stat. at 2325, 2327; GAO-12-417R, supra note 196,
at 7.





n200.  28 U.S.C. § 2412(b) (2012).





n201.  2008 GAO Principles of Federal Appropriations Law, supra note 1, at
14-68, 14-69.





n202.  28 U.S.C. § 2412(c)(2).





n203.  28 U.S.C. § 2412(d)(1)(A) ("Except as otherwise specifically provided by
statute, a court shall award to a prevailing party other than the United States
fees and other expenses, in addition to any costs awarded pursuant to subsection
(a), incurred by that party in any civil action (other than cases sounding in
tort).").





n204.  5 U.S.C. § 504(a)(1).





n205.  Pub. L. No. 96-481, 94 Stat. at 2327, 2329 (emphasis added).





n206.  See, e.g., CRS Judgment Fund, supra note 193, at 12 ("Since the passage
of EAJA, agencies have disputed whether payments under the act must be made out
of their appropriations or whether attorneys' fees may be charged to the
Judgment Fund.").





n207.  6 Op. O.L.C. 204, 210-11 (1982).





n208.  Id. at 210-12.





n209.  Act of Aug. 5, 1985, Pub. L. No. 99-80, § 1(e), 99 Stat. 183, 184
(amending 5 U.S.C. § 504(d)); see also id. at 185 (using nearly identical
language to amend 28 U.S.C. § 2412(d)(4)).





n210.  See 131 Cong. Rec. S9991-02 (daily ed. July 24, 1985) (statement of Sen.
Chuck Grassley) (noting that EAJA's positive effect on agency action will
improve "with the passage of this bill, which provides for the fees payment out
of the offending agency's budget"); H.R. Rept. 99-120, at 8 (1985) (noting the
increase in liability for administrative agencies due to EAJA); H.R. Rep.
98-992, at 9 (1984) (clarifying the "substantially justified" standard as
including positions taken prior to litigation); S. Rep. 98-586, at 19 (1984)
(discussing the requirement that fee awards must come from "the offending
agency's budget").





n211.  331 F.3d 1319 (Fed. Cir. 2003).





n212.  Id. at 1324.





n213.  28 U.S.C. § 2412(d)(4); 31 Op. O.L.C. 229, 233 (2007).





n214.  31 Op. O.L.C. at 233-34.





n215.  Id. at 234.





n216.  Id.





n217.  Id. (internal quotation marks omitted); see also id. at 242 (stating the
same).





n218.  Id. at 236.





n219.  131 Cong. Rec. S9991-02 (daily ed. July 24, 1985) (statement of Sen.
Grassley).





n220.  Pub. L. No. 96-481, 94 Stat. 2325, 2327, 2329 (1980).





n221.  Act of Aug. 5, 1985, Pub. L. No. 99-80, 99 Stat. 183, 184-85; 2008 GAO
Principles of Federal Appropriations Law, supra note 1, at 14-70.





n222.  See CRS Judgment Fund, supra note 193, at 13 ("The opinion did not leave
open the possibility that agencies could be reimbursed for awards made pursuant
to EAJA from the Judgment Fund and strongly suggested they would have to use
their own appropriations.").





n223.  28 U.S.C. § 2412(b), (c)(2) (2012).





n224.  28 U.S.C. § 2412(d)(1)(A), (d)(4); 5 U.S.C. § 504(a)(1); 28 U.S.C. § 2412
(c)(1), (d)(3), (d)(4).





n225.  See Henry N. Butler & Nathaniel J. Harris, Sue, Settle, and Shut Out the
States: Destroying the Environmental Benefits of Cooperative Federalism, 37
Harv. J.L. & Pub. Pol'y 579, 582-86 (2014) (describing the "sue and settle"
process and summarizing the problems it causes); Temple Stoellinger, Seeing
Through the Regional Haze, 37 Wyo. Law. 34, 37 (2014) (explaining that "where
environmental groups sue the EPA, the EPA then agrees to settle the lawsuits
through a binding decree which dictates rules for EPA's action, thereby
eliminating that state's ability to engage in negotiations with EPA"). House
Agriculture Committee Ranking Member Collin C. Peterson explained this viewpoint
in an Op-Ed piece:



   There seems to be a pattern of an activist lawsuit, followed by an EPA
settlement, resulting in new EPA regulations to comply with the settlement ...
resulting in policy decisions being made by activists, bureaucrats and lawyers
... . This so-called "sue and settle" strategy keeps the process in the dark.

 Collin C. Peterson, Peterson Op-Ed: Time to Clean Up the EPA, 112 H. Press
Release (Mar. 18, 2011),
http://democrats.agriculture.house.gov/press/PRArticle.aspx?NewsID=1101.





n226.  See Lowell E. Baier, Reforming the Equal Access to Justice Act, 38 J.
Legis. 1, 49-50 (2012) (noting that in the twelve months beginning on September
1, 2009, "twenty frequent environmental litigants" received at least $ 5.8
million in EAJA payments); see also Michael J. Mortimer & Robert W. Malmsheimer,
The Equal Access to Justice Act and US Forest Service Land Management:
Incentives to Litigate?, 109 J. Forestry 352, 353-54 (2011) (cataloging studies
of EAJA payments in environmental cases).





n227.  Regulatory Chaos: Finding Legislative Solutions to Benefit Jobs and the
Economy: Hearing Before the Subcomm. on Environment and the Economy of the H.
Comm. on Energy and Commerce, 112th Cong. 77 (2011) (statement of Rep.
Whitfield) ("We have reason to believe from discussions with a lot of different
groups that EPA is actually out there encouraging these lawsuits ... ."); see
also id. at 69 (question by Rep. Shimkus).





n228.  See, e.g., Baier, supra note 226, at 69-70 (explaining possible methods
of reform).





n229.  See, e.g., Brian Korpics et al., Shifting the Debate: In Defense of the
Equal Access to Justice Act, 43 Envtl. L. Rep. 10985, 10998 (2013) (concluding
there is "no clear economic or policy basis that would support a rewrite of
EAJA").





n230.  See 2 The Records of the Federal Convention of 1787, supra note 14, at
618-19; Note, Secret Funding, supra note 13, at 609-11 (noting Madison's
concerns that annual reports would prove to be functionally useless and
impractical).





n231.  Articles of Confederation of 1781, art. IX, para. 5 ("The United States
in Congress assembled shall have authority ... to borrow money, or emit bills on
the credit of the United States, transmitting every half-year to the respective
States an account of the sums of money so borrowed or emitted ... .").





n232.  U.S. Const. art. I, § 9, cl. 7.





n233.  See 2 The Records of the Federal Convention of 1787, supra note 14, at
619; see also Note, Secret Funding, supra note 13, at 609-11 (observing that
even though Madison's view prevailed, concerns that the language would produce
reports that were extremely infrequent surfaced at the New York state ratifying
convention).





n234.  See 2 The Records of the Federal Convention of 1787, supra note 14, at
619 (arguing the debate really focused on how to best get the information to the
people rather than on whether the people should have the information); 3 The
Records of the Federal Convention of 1787 149-50 (Max Farrand ed., rev. ed.
1966) (stating that "the People who give their Money ought to know in what
manner it is expended").





n235.  See Harrington v. Bush, 553 F.2d 190, 194 (D.C. Cir. 1977) (noting that
the Statement and Accounts Clause "is not self-defining and Congress has plenary
power to give meaning to the provision").





n236.  418 U.S. 166 (1974).





n237.  See id. at 169-70 (noting that the lower court's decision focused on
standing).





n238.  Id. at 178.





n239.  See id. at 178 n.11 (suggesting the Court need not decide the precise
contours of the clause's requirement of a regular statement or account).





n240.  Id.





n241.  See, e.g., Halperin, 629 F.2d at 152 (citing Richardson and dismissing a
constitutional challenge under art. I, § 9, cl. 7); Harrington, 553 F.2d at 194
n.7 (same).





n242.  See, e.g., Harrington, 553 F.2d at 195 ("Since Congressional power is
plenary with respect to the definition of the appropriations process and
reporting requirements, the legislature is free to establish exceptions to this
general framework ... ."); Hart's Case, 16 Ct. Cl. 459, 484 (1880) ("The
absolute control of the moneys of the United States is in Congress, and Congress
is responsible for its exercise of this great power only to the people.").





n243.  See 1994 GAO Principles of Federal Appropriations Law, supra note 8, at
14-10 (describing the multitude of claims that can be brought). There are many
different statutes authorizing claims against the government. See CRS Judgment
Fund, supra note 193, at 7 (noting that "nearly 100 statutes ... impact payment
from the Judgment Fund"); 2008 GAO Principles of Federal Appropriations Law,
supra note 1, at 14-21 to 14-23 (listing a "brief sampler" of authorities
authorizing administrative settlement of claims); Jayson & Longstreth, supra
note 106, § 2.05 (listing twenty-four statues authorizing tort remedies and
observing that "there simply was no uniformity, or consistency in, or any
relationship between, most of these enactments").





n244.  See supra note 41 and accompanying text.





n245.  Act of Mar. 23, 1792, ch. 11,§§2-4, 1 Stat. 243, 244.





n246.  Act of Apr. 9, 1816, ch. 40, § 14, 3 Stat. 261, 264.





n247.  See, e.g., An Act For the relief of Vern M. Stanchfield, ch. 100, 58
Stat. 960 (1944) (awarding $ 75 for loss of horse that was injured while being
used by a Dept. of the Interior employee); An act for the relief of John L. T.
Jones, of Montgomery County, Maryland, for rent and damage sustained by the
destruction of a dwelling house by accidental fire while the same was being
occupied by United States troops for quarters [in 1862], ch. 437, 18 Stat. 76
(1874) (awarding $ 4,000); An Act to increase the pension of William Munday, ch.
48, 6 Stat. 161 (1815) (awarding twenty dollar per month pension to a serviceman
"who lost both his arms in an attack on the enemy, at St. Leonard's creek").





n248.  See, e.g., An Act For the relief of retired Sergeant First Class James D.
Benoit and Wan Sook, Benoit, 116 Stat. 3119 (2002) (awarding $ 415,000 to
compensate for death and wrongful retention of remains of David Benoit
"resulting from a fall ... from an upper level window while occupying military
family housing supplied by the Army in Seoul, Korea").





n249.  See Act of Feb. 24, 1855, ch. 122-23, § 7, 10 Stat. 612, 613-14
(requiring monthly, printed reports).





n250.  See Act of 1863, Ch. 92, § 7, 12 Stat. 765, 766 (requiring report "of all
sums paid at the treasury on such judgments, together with the names of the
parties in whose favor the same were allowed").





n251.  See Act of Mar. 3, 1887, ch. 359, § 11, 24 Stat. 505, 507 (requiring the
Attorney General to report each final judgment of the Court of Claims).





n252.  See, e.g., Shimomura, supra note 26, at 661 (discussing appropriations
for claims payments in the 1870s).





n253.  Federal Tort Claims Act, Pub. L. No. 79-601, § 404, 60 Stat. 812, 843
(1946) (codified as amended at 28 U.S.C. § 2673 (2006)).





n254.  See Act of Nov. 8, 1965, Pub. L. No. 89-348, § 1, 79 Stat. 1310, 1310
(repealing "The annual report to Congress of the administrative adjustment of
tort claims of $ 2,500 or less").





n255.  S. Rep. No. 89-545, at 2 (1965); see also H. Rep. No. 89-1169, at 3-5
(1965) (discussing the potential savings from reducing reporting requirements).





n256.  S. Rep. No. 89-545, at 3 (1965). In 1966, Congress amended the FTCA to
provide that agency appropriations be used for FTCA settlements less than $
2,500, the Judgment Fund pay settlements between $ 2,500 and $ 100,000, and
agencies could enter settlements of administrative claims up to $ 25,000 without
approval of the Attorney General. Act of July 18, 1966, Pub. L. No. 89-506, § 1
(a), (c), 80 Stat. 306. The statute did not address the reporting requirement.
Id.





n257.  Pub. L. No. 107-174, § 203(a), 116 Stat. 566, 569.





n258.  Id. § 301, 116 Stat. at 573; id. § 302, 116 Stat. at 575.





n259.  See Equal Access to Justice Act, Pub. L. No. 96-481, § 203(a)(1), 94
Stat. 2321, 2325-27 (1980) (amending new 5 U.S.C. § 504(e) to cover
administrative proceedings expenses); id. § 204(a), 94 Stat. at 2327-29 (adding
new 28 U.S.C. § 2412(d)(5) regarding litigative proceedings expenses).





n260.  See S. Rep. No. 96-253, at 18, 21-22 (1965). Initially assigned to the
Chairman of the Administrative Conference of the United States, the reporting
duty for § 2412(d)(5) was transferred to the Attorney General by the Federal
Courts Administration Act of 1992. Pub. L. No. 102-572, § 502(b), 106 Stat.
4506, 4512.





n261.  Pub. L. No. 104-66, § 1091(b), 109 Stat. 707, 722.





n262.  See S. Rep. No. 103-375, at 2 (1993) (discussing reasons to require fewer
reports).





n263.  See 2008 GAO Principles of Federal Appropriations Law, supra note 1, at
14-29 to 14-44 (discussing requirements that must be met to have payment made
from the Judgment Fund).





n264.  39 U.S.C. § 409(h); 2008 GAO Principles of Federal Appropriations Law,
supra note 1, at 14-41.

   Non-appropriated fund instrumentalities (NAFIs) also generally pay their own
judgments and settlements. 2008 GAO Principles of Federal Appropriations Law,
supra note 1, at 14-42 to 14-43; see also Hopkins, 427 U.S. at 127 (suggesting
that unless it specifically acts, Congress does not intend to assume NAFIs'
obligations); Mignogna, 937 F.2d at 42 (noting that NAFIs may be subject to
claims against them and their non-appropriated assets).





n265.  See, e.g., Gonzalez v. United States, 284 F.3d 281, 287 (1st Cir. 2002)
(noting that the FTCA "provided the basis for the cause of action" against a
community health center); In re Consol. U.S. Atmospheric Testing Litig., 820
F.2d 982, 992 (9th Cir. 1987) (noting that the FTCA sometimes applies to nuclear
weapons contractors).





n266.  Pub. L. No. 94-380, 90 Stat. 1113 (1976) (codified at 42 U.S.C.A. § 247b
(k), subsequently repealed, Health Services and Centers Amendments of 1978, Pub.
L. No. 95-626 § 202, 92 Stat. 3574); see also U.S. Attorneys' Manual, 4-10.110
Payment of Judgments by the Department of the Treasury and Postal Service, 1997
WL 1944302 (noting special procedures required when submitting Swine Flu
settlements for payment from the Judgment Fund).





n267.  Congress made the FTCA the exclusive remedy for torts of tribal employees
and contractors acting under certain contracts or agreements, giving them the
FTCA's "full protection and coverage." Act of Nov. 5, 1990, Pub. L. No. 101-512,
Title III, § 314, 104 Stat. 1915, 1959 (current version at 25 U.S.C. § 450(f)
(2012)); see also U.S. Gov't Accountability Office, GAO/RCED-00-169, Federal
Tort Claims Act - Issues Affecting Coverage for Tribal Self-determination
Contracts 25 fig. 5 (2000) [hereinafter GAO/RCED-00-169] (depicting history of
the Self-Determination Act provisions and subsequent amendments in graphic
form); Joseph W. Gross, Comment, Help Me Help You: Why Congress's Attempt to
Cover Torts Committed by Indian Tribal Contractors with the FTCA Hurts the
Government and the Tribes, 62 Am. U. L. Rev. 383, 393-94 (2012) (discussing
Congress's reasons for providing FTCA coverage to tribal contractors).





n268.  National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991, § 3141
Contractor Liability for Injury or Loss of Property Arising out of Atomic
Weapons Testing Programs, Pub. L. No. 101-510, 104 Stat. 1485 (1990) (amended by
Pub.L. No. 101-510, Div. C, Title XXXI, § 3141, 104 Stat. 1837 (1990) and Pub.
L. No. 113-66, Div. C, Title XXXI, § 3146(i)(2), 127 Stat. 1081 (2013))
(codified at 50 U.S.C. § 2783 (formerly at 42 U.S.C. § 2212)); see also In re
Consol. U.S. Atmospheric Testing Litig., 820 F.2d at 990-91 (discussing the
legislative history of the bill that extended FTCA coverage to nuclear weapons
contractors).

   Congress provided analogous coverage to community health providers, albeit
with a proviso that the Judgment Fund be reimbursed from a special Department of
Health and Human Services fund. Federally Supported Health Centers Assistance
Act of 1992, Pub. L. No. 102-501, 106 Stat. 3268 (1992); 2008 GAO Principles of
Federal Appropriations Law, supra note 1, at 15-266.





n269.  See, e.g., Gross, supra note 267, at 443 (noting that the "funds to pay
tort judgments against tribal contractors" are "given out automatically through
the Judgment Fund").





n270.  See President George H. W. Bush Statement on Signing Department of the
Interior and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 1991, 2 Pub. Papers 1558, 1559
(Nov. 5, 1990) (noting that use of the FTCA is inconsistent with tribal autonomy
and Indian self determination); see also GAO/RCED-00-169, supra note 267, 36
app. IV (Dept. of Interior comments) (noting that FTCA coverage removes tribes'
incentive to reduce claims and that sometimes tribes or their employees do not
cooperate in defending claims); Gross, supra note 267, at 400-03 (noting various
practical problems of using the FTCA to cover torts of non-federal entities).





n271.  See 31 U.S.C. § 1304(a) (explaining that the statute applies only when
payment is not authorized from another source, the Secretary of the Treasury
certifies it, and "the judgment, award or settlement is payable" under a statute
designated by Congress); see also supra notes 12-18 and accompanying text.





n272.  See, e.g., 2008 GAO Principles of Federal Appropriations Law, supra note
1, at 14-34 (noting that the Judgment Fund was enacted primarily to pay "court
judgments and settlements negotiated under authority of the Justice
Department"); CRS Judgment Fund, supra note 193, at 6-7 (distinguishing
administrative awards "which are provided for by statute and paid from the
agency's appropriation").





n273.  2008 GAO Principles of Federal Appropriations Law, supra note 1, at
15-222 to 15-223.





n274.  28 U.S.C. § 516; see also 28 U.S.C. § 519 (authorizing the Attorney
General to "supervise all litigation to which the United States, an agency, or
officer thereof is a party"); 5 U.S.C. § 3106 (requiring agencies to consult
with the Department of Justice and restricting hiring of private attorneys). The
term "agency" includes "any corporation in which the United States has a
proprietary interest...." 28 U.S.C. § 451. The Department of Justice vigorously
guards this authority. 2008 GAO Principles of Federal Appropriations Law, supra
note 1, at 15-222 to 15-223.





n275.  31 U.S.C. § 1304(a); see also 2008 GAO Principles of Federal
Appropriations Law, supra note 1, at 14-36 (discussing the "finality"
requirement).





n276.  2008 GAO Principles of Federal Appropriations Law, supra note 1, at
14-36.





n277.  Id. (citing 73 Comp. Gen. 46 (1993)).





n278.  28 C.F.R. § 0.20(b) (2013); see also United States v. Hare, 269 F.3d 859,
861 (7th Cir. 2001) (noting that only the Solicitor General has the "right to
control appeals of the United States").





n279.  28 U.S.C. § 2414 (2011) states:



   Except as otherwise provided by law, compromise settlements of claims
referred to the Attorney General for defense of imminent litigation or suits
against the United States, or against its agencies or officials upon obligations
or liabilities of the United States, made by the Attorney General or any person
authorized by him, shall be settled and paid in a manner similar to judgments in
like causes and appropriations or funds available for the payment of such
judgments are hereby made available for the payment of such compromise
settlements.







n280.  28 U.S.C. § 510.





n281.  28 C.F.R. § 0.160(a)(2).





n282.  28 C.F.R. § 0.168(a). The redelegation of authority to U.S. Attorneys to
accept offers in compromise is limited to "cases in which the principal amount
of the proposed settlement does not exceed $ 1,000,000." 28 C.F.R. § 0.168(d)(2)
.





n283.  28 C.F.R. Pt. 0, Subpt. Y, App., Civ. Div. Directive, No. 1-10 § 1(b)(2).





n284.  See, e.g., 28 C.F.R. § 0.172(a) (authorizing directors of the Federal
Bureau of Investigation, the Drug Enforcement Administration, the Bureau of
Prisons, Federal Prison Industries, the United States Marshals Service, and the
Director of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives to settle
tort claims up to $ 50,000).





n285.  See 28 C.F.R. § 14.





n286.  Id.





n287.  28 U.S.C. § 2672. The Judgment Fund pays administrative settlements that
exceed $ 2,500; settlements for $ 2,500 or less are paid from agency funds. Id.;
see also Jayson & Longstreth, supra note 196, at § 17.12 (discussing payment of
administrative awards).





n288.  28 C.F.R. § 14.6(d). FTCA administrative settlements that exceed the
agency's authorization and FTCA lawsuit settlements that exceed a Justice
Department attorney's authority must be formally approved by the Department of
Justice officer with authority for that amount. 28 C.F.R. § 14.6(c); Jayson &
Longstreth, supra note 196, at § 15.05(1).





n289.  See Todd David Peterson, Protecting the Appropriations Power: Why
Congress Should Care About Settlements at the Department of Justice, 2009 BYU L.
Rev. 327, 331 (2009) (noting the secret nature of government settlement
analysis); see also id. at 349 (explaining that the Department of Justice "has
the power to compromise and settle these claims for amounts that may not reflect
their legal merit but rather the desire of the executive branch to compensate
plaintiffs whom they deem worthy").





n290.  Id. at 331.





n291.  See Axelrad, supra note 4.

   Certainly political pressure from within the executive branch has been
applied with the intent of opening the Judgment Fund. The previously discussed
attempts of the Department of Transportation and the Department of Housing and
Urban Development to use the Judgment Fund to make EAJA payments had a political
aspect. See supra 206-218 and accompanying text. So did efforts of the
Department of Energy to help nuclear weapons contractors secure FTCA coverage
for their actions. See, e.g., H.R. Rep. No. 98-124, pt. 2, at 14-17 (1983)
(letter from Dep't of Energy General Counsel supporting contractors' proposal).
Executive branch officials in non-Justice agencies have done things for
political reasons that seemingly undermine the government's position in pending
tort litigation. See Paul Figley, Ethical Intersections & the Federal Tort
Claims Act: An Approach for Government Attorneys, 8 St. Thomas U. L.J. 347,
368-70 (2011) (discussing actions of Secretary of Energy Hazel O'Leary during
trial of FTCA suit brought by Nevada Test Site workers alleging exposure to
radiation). These sorts of things are different in kind from Professor
Peterson's concern that Justice Department attorneys "may wish to compensate
plaintiffs for political reasons or because the administration favors the
plaintiff's cause, even though the plaintiff's legal claim is weak." Peterson,
supra note 289, at 331; see also Catherine J. Lanctot, The Duty of Zealous
Advocacy and the Ethics of the Federal Government Lawyer: The Three Hardest
Questions, 64 S. Cal. L. Rev. 951, 984-86 (1991) (discussing ethical obligations
of civil government attorneys to raise all applicable defenses).





n292.  Peterson, supra note 289, at 349.





n293.  See, e.g., 28 C.F.R. Pt. 0, Subpt. Y, App., Civ. Div. Directive No. 1-10.





n294.  See Jean R. Sternlight, Lawyers' Representation of Clients in Mediation:
Using Economics and Psychology to Structure Advocacy in a Nonadversarial
Setting, 14 Ohio St. J. on Disp. Resol. 269, 317-18 (1999) (noting that ethical
rules are not always followed).





n295.  See Tom Galbraith, Lawyer Behavior for Survival and Elegance, 33
Litigation 8, 13 (2006) (noting that some attorneys "can always find a rationale
for settling a case he is afraid to lose at trial"); Sternlight, supra note 294,
at 317-18 (explaining that psychological factors can impact an attorney's
motivation for settling a case).





n296.  John Lande, Escaping from Lawyers' Prison of Fear, 82 UMKC L. Rev. 485,
489 (2014); see also Richard G. Spier, Professionalism in Mediation: Avoiding
Common Pitfalls, Or. St. B. Bull., (Nov. 2013),
https://www.osbar.org/publications/bulletin/13nov/professionalism.html (noting
that opponents can sense when an attorney fears trial).





n297.  See Sternlight, supra note 294, at 328 (noting that attorneys may settle
to foster amicable relationships with opposing counsel or opposing parties); see
also Patrick E. Longan, Bureaucratic Justice Meets ADR: The Emerging Role for
Magistrates As Mediators, 73 Neb. L. Rev. 712, 736 (1994) (recognizing that a
"judge can play on the fears of the lawyers who have other cases to come before
that judge").





n298.  Sternlight, supra note 294, at 328; see also Lloyd Paul Stryker, The Art
of Advocacy 291 (1954) (noting that settlement is an option for attorney who
"for personal reasons ... would a little rather not submit to ordeal by combat")
(cited in Glenn E. Bradford, Losing, 58 J. Mo. B. 208, 209 (2002)).





n299.  See Kevin C. McMunigal, The Cost of Settlement: The Impact of Scarcity of
Adjudication on Litigation Lawyers, 37 UCLA L. Rev. 833, 859 (1990) (noting
susceptibility of inexperienced lawyers); Sternlight, supra note 294, at 317-18
(noting the impact of psychological factors on an attorney's willingness to
settle a case).





n300.  See generally 28 C.F.R. Pt. 0, Subpt. Y, App., Civil Div. Directive No.
1-10 § 2(b) (requiring a "a detailed description of the matter, the United
States Attorney's recommendation, the agency's recommendation where applicable,
and a full statement of the reasons therefor").





n301.  See White v. U.S. Dep't of Interior, 639 F. Supp. 82, 88-89 (M.D. Pa.
1986), aff'd, 815 F.2d 697 (3d Cir. 1987) (quoting settlement conference
transcript).





n302.  Id. at 84.





n303.  Id.





n304.  White v. U.S. Dep't of Interior, 656 F. Supp. 25 (M.D. Pa. 1986), aff'd,
815 F.2d 697 (3d Cir. 1987).





n305.  Cf. In re Erewhon, Inc., 21 B.R. 79, 81 (Bankr. D. Mass. 1982) ("When
dealing with other people's money, there is apt to be less regard for exercising
the same scrutiny of charges that one might render when dealing purely with
one's own expenses.").





n306.  See generally Peterson, supra note 289, at 348 (discussing how "the
worthiness of the cause is not always congruent with the meritoriousness of the
claim").





n307.  See supra note 138 and accompanying text; see also Axelrad, supra note 4.





n308.  Axelrad, supra note 4.





n309.  But cf. infra Part III.2.c (discussing EAJA settlements in "sue and
settle" litigation).

   Professor Peterson identified as a possible example of executive branch
overreach the dispute regarding the return of money Pakistan paid for
undelivered F-16 fighters. Peterson, supra note 289, at 367-68. Pursuant to a
U.S. Government approved contract, in 1989 Pakistan paid General Dynamics $
658,000,000 for the fighters; delivery of this military hardware was barred by
statute when the President was "unable to certify that Pakistan had not
developed nuclear weapons," but the money was not returned. Id. at 367. In 1998,
prior to suit being filed, the Clinton Administration agreed to pay $
324,600,000 from the Judgment Fund to settle Pakistan's claim; Pakistan also
received $ 142,300,000 from other sources. Id. The lack of specific information
about the legal arguments makes it difficult to analyze the merits of the
decision to settle with Judgment Fund money. Id. at 368.





n310.  See Axelrad, supra note 4 (describing the role of Department of Justice
attorneys in guarding against misuse of Judgment Fund money).





n311.  See, e.g., White, 639 F. Supp. at 88 (holding that failure to obtain
required approvals made a purported settlement invalid and unenforceable); 28
C.F.R. Pt. 0, Subpt. Y, App., Civil Div. Directive No. 1-10 §§1, 2 (2014)
(delegating settlement authority and requiring settlement memoranda).





n312.  See Peterson, supra note 289, at 369-73 (explaining why the judicial and
legislative branches are poorly situated to monitor for such settlements).





n313.  See Baier, supra note 226, at 35 n.265, 63 n.436 (noting that EAJA fees
are not always paid as the statute requires).





n314.  See H.R. 2282, § 2(a)(6), 108th Cong. (2003), quoted in Baier, supra note
226, at 61-63 n.433 (noting that a nearly identical bill was introduced in
2005).





n315.  See e.g., Regulatory Chaos: Finding Legislative Solutions to Benefit Jobs
and the Economy: Hearings Before the Subcomm. of the H. Comm. on Energy &
Commerce, 112th Cong. 68 (2011) (statement of William L. Kovacs, Senior Vice
President, Environment, Technology and Regulatory Affairs, U.S. Chamber of
Commerce) (suggesting that agencies in "sue and settle" litigation agree to pay
attorney fees from the Judgment Fund); Jenna Greene, Feds Paid Billions in
Settlements Last Year, Nat'l L.J., Feb. 6, 2012 at 2 (noting use of Judgment
Fund to pay attorneys' fees in "sue and settle" cases); Jillian Kay Melchior,
The Enviro-Fix Is In, Nat'l Rev. Online (May 23, 2013),
http://www.nationalreview.com/article/349111/enviro-fix-jillian-kay-melchior
(referencing the use of the Judgment Fund to pay attorneys' fees).





n316.  28 U.S.C. § 2412(b), (c)(2).





n317.  28 U.S.C. § 2412(d)(1)(A), (d)(4) (for cases in litigation); 5 U.S.C. §
504(a)(1); 28 U.S.C. § 2412(c), (d)(3), (d)(4) (for administrative
adjudications).





n318.  28 U.S.C. § 2412(d)(1)(A), (B), (d)(3).





n319.  Payment of Attorney's Fees in Litigation Involving Successful Challenges
to Federal Agency Action Arising Under the Administrative Procedure Act and the
Citizen Suit Provisions of the Endangered Species Act [ESA], 24 Op. O.L.C. 311,
314 (2000).





n320.  See id. at 321 ("Under this approach, hours and costs necessary to both
counts should be assigned to the [agency appropriation] for attorneys' fees
purposes, leaving only the hours and costs necessary only to the APA claim to be
paid [from the Judgment Fund]."); see also Payment of Attorney's Fees and Cost
in Jean M. Kovalich v. Defense Investigative Service, B-231771, (Comp. Gen. Dec.
7, 1988) (concluding that EAJA settlement of attorneys' fees must be paid from
agency appropriation although related back-pay award was paid from the Judgment
Fund).





n321.  See e.g., U.S. Gov't Accountability Office, GAO-11-650, Environmental
Litigation: Cases Against EPA and Associated Costs over Time 22 (2011)
[hereinafter GAO-11-650] (noting that "as part of the payment process, Justice
negotiated payment amounts with prevailing parties"); Baier, supra note 226, at
46 (noting EAJA fees are frequently settled in an addendum to a stipulation
identifying a prevailing party "or as part of the overall settlement"); Korpics
et al., supra note 229, at 10990 (explaining that either a consent decree or
judgment is necessary for an award of fees).





n322.  See Conserving America's Land and Heritage: Department of the Interior FY
2011 Budget Request: Hearing Before the Subcomm. on Interior, Environment and
Related Agencies of the H. Comm. on Appropriations, pt. 6, 111th Cong. 86 (2010)
[hereinafter Interior FY 2011 Budget Hrg.],
http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/CHRG-112hhrg66892/pdf/CHRG-112hhrg66892.pdf
(answering the question of whether EAJA fees "come out of your [BLM] budget or
... out of the Judgment fund ... ?").





n323.  See id. at 87 (statement of Director Abbey regarding BLM settlements);
see also GAO-11-650, supra note 321, at 25 (noting that the Justice Department
frequently attempts to negotiate attorneys' fees rather than litigate them).





n324.  See GAO-11-650, supra note 321, at 22 (agreeing as to "most claims");
Korpics et al., supra note 229, at 10996 (agreeing as to "virtually all fee
awards").





n325.  See generally GAO-11-650, supra note 321, at 3-5.





n326.  See id. at 40-49 (referencing ten pages of tables listing, inter alia,
case names, plaintiffs, and amounts paid); see also id. at 4 (noting that the
report covered the period for which relevant EPA payment data were available).





n327.  See id. at 40-49 (calculating the sums by adding payments); see also Ron
Arnold, How Washington Pays Big Green to Sue the Government, Wash. Examiner,
Aug. 23, 2011,
http://washingtonexaminer.com/how-washington-pays-big-green-to-sue-the-governmen
t/article/40827 (using the tables in the GAO report to calculate that 82% of the
money paid went to environmental organizations).





n328.  31 U.S.C. § 1304(a)(1).





n329.  2008 GAO Principles of Federal Appropriations Law, supra note 1, at
14-40.





n330.  CRS Judgment Fund, supra note 193, at 10.





n331.  2008 GAO Principles of Federal Appropriations Law, supra note 1, at 14-35
(citing 13 Op. O.L.C. 118, 125 (1989)).





n332.  See Hearing Before the Subcomm. on Courts, Commercial And Administrative
Law of the H. Comm. on The Judiciary on H.R. 1996, 112th Cong. 8 (2011)
(statement of Jeffrey Axelrad, Professorial Lecturer in Law, George Washington
University Law School) (noting that an agency involved in EAJA fee settlement
has no incentive to reduce payments from the Judgment Fund).





n333.  See Ronald A. Kienlen, Government Contract Disputes § 9:9 Consent
Judgments (2013 ed.) (explaining that for consent judgments "to avoid
difficulties with payments from the judgment fund ... it is best to avoid
reference to [EAJA] fees and interest").





n334.  See generally Peterson, supra note 289, at 358-62 (describing the "case
famously known as the Black Farmers case").





n335.  See generally id. at 362-66 (discussing the Japanese Latin American
case).





n336.  See generally Jody Feder & Tadlock Cowan, Cong. Research Serv., R40988,
Garcia v. Vilsack: A Policy and Legal Analysis of a USDA Discrimination Case 1
(2013) [hereinafter CRS Garcia Analysis] (describing the minority and female
farmer litigation against the USDA).





n337.  See, e.g., Pigford v. Glickman, 185 F.R.D. 82, 85-88 (D.D.C. 1999),
aff'd, 206 F.3d 1212 (D.C. Cir. 2000), enforcement denied sub nom., Pigford v.
Schafer, 536 F. Supp. 2d 1 (D.D.C. 2008); Tadlock Cowan & Jody Feder, Cong.
Research Serv., RS20430, The Pigford Cases: USDA Settlement of Discrimination
Suits by Black Farmers 2 (2013) [hereinafter CRS Pigford Cases]; see generally
Sharon LaFraniere, U.S. Opens Spigot After Farmers Claim Discrimination, N.Y.
Times, Apr. 25, 2013,
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/04/26/us/farm-loan-bias-claims-often-unsupported-cos
t-us-millions.html (providing a thorough discussion of the litigation and the
politics surrounding it).





n338.  See CRS Pigford Cases, supra note 337, at 2 (noting that a similar suit
was later filed by Cecil Brewington).





n339.  Pigford v. Glickman, 182 F.R.D. 341, 351-52 (D.D.C. 1998), modifying the
class in Pigford v. Glickman, 185 F.R.D. 82, 92 (D.D.C.1999).





n340.  See CRS Pigford Cases, supra note 337, at 2 (noting that the
discrimination claims were corroborated by a 1994 USDA-commissioned study). But
cf. LaFraniere, supra note 337, at 5 (noting that two 1997 government reports
did not find "evidence of ongoing, systemic discrimination").





n341.  See 15 U.S.C. § 1691e(f) (stating that the statute of limitations is five
years with some exceptions).





n342.  Statute of Limitations & Settlement of Equal Credit Opportunity Act
Discrimination Claims Against the Dep't of Agric., 22 Op. O.L.C. 11, 1998 WL
1180049, at 1 (1998).





n343.  Id. at 3.





n344.  Id. at 15. OLC also concluded that the statute of limitations was not
subject to equitable tolling. Id. at 14. This conclusion was affirmed in a
subsequent OLC opinion. See generally Waiver of Statutes of Limitations in
Connection with Claims Against the Dep't of Agric., 22 Op. O.L.C. 127 (1998).





n345.  See Omnibus Consolidated and Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act,
1999, Pub. L. No. 105-277, § 741, 112 Stat. 2681 (waiving the statute of
limitations); id. at § 741(e) (indicating that the waiver applied only to
"nonemployment related complaints that were filed with the Department of
Agriculture before July 1, 1997 and allege[] discrimination at any time during
the period beginning on January 1, 1981 and ending December 31, 1996 ... .").





n346.  Id.





n347.  See Pigford v. Glickman, 182 F.R.D. 341, 350-52 (D.D.C. 1998) (certifying
the class pursuant to Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 23(b)(2)).





n348.  See Stephen Carpenter, The USDA Discrimination Cases: Pigford, In Re
Black Farmers, Keepseagle, Garcia, and Love, 17 Drake J. Agric. L. 1, 15-16
(2012) (noting the previous problem posed by the statute of limitations).





n349.  Pigford v. Glickman, 185 F.R.D. 82, 95 (D.D.C. 1999), aff'd, 206 F.3d
1212 (D.C. Cir. 2000) and enforcement denied sub nom., Pigford v. Schafer, 536
F. Supp. 2d 1 (D.D.C. 2008).





n350.  See U.S. Gov't Accountability Office, GAO-06469R, Pigford Settlement: The
Role of the Court-Appointed Monitor 5-9 (2006) [hereinafter GAO-06469R]
(summarizing Pigford I consent decree procedures); Carpenter, supra note 348, at
18-19 (same).





n351.  See Carpenter, supra note 348, at 18-19 (explaining that an independent
adjudicator would decide claims based on a determination that the claimant's
paper record met a substantial evidence burden).





n352.  See GAO-06469R, supra note 350, at 9 (explaining the burden claimants
must meet in a Track B claim and the ways in which the government can challenge
these claims).





n353.  See id. (explaining the process for challenging an adjudication by filing
a petition with a monitor).





n354.  See Carpenter, supra note 348, at 20 (explaining that fees for the class
counsel were determined by fee shifting statutes, rather than by taking a
percentage of the payment made to the class).





n355.  See CRS Pigford Cases, supra note 337, at 4.





n356.  See id. at 3, 6 (indicating that the settlement was paid from the
Judgment Fund). Total benefits exceeded $ 1,000,000,000. Id. at 7. Track B
claimants recovered between $ 52,000 and $ 1,500,000. See GAO-06469R, supra note
350, at 9.





n357.  See CRS Pigford Cases, supra note 337, at 5 (noting that 66,000 late
claims were submitted by the September 15 deadline).





n358.  See LaFraniere, supra note 337, at 11 (noting nine years of "concerted
effort").





n359.  See Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008, Pub. L. No. 110-246, §
14012(b), 122 Stat. 1651 ("Any Pigford claimant who has not previously obtained
a determination on the merits of a Pigford claim may, in a civil action brought
in the United States Distict Court for the District of Columbia, obtain that
determination."); CRS Pigford Cases, supra note 337, at 7.





n360.  See Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 §§14012(c)(2),
14012(i)(1).





n361.  CRS Pigford Cases, supra note 337, at 7.





n362.  See Carpenter, supra note 348, at 29-31 (describing the Pigford II claims
process).





n363.  See id. at 31 (noting authority for a court-appointed ombudsman).





n364.  31 U.S.C. § 1304(a)(1); see supra notes 141-42 and accompanying text.





n365.  See CRS Pigford Cases, supra note 337, at 7-8 (noting that Congress had
appropriated $ 100,000,000 for Pigford II claims in the 2008 Farm Bill).





n366.  See id. at 10-11 (discussing unsuccessful legislative efforts).





n367.  Claims Resolution Act of 2010, Pub. L. No. 111-291 § 201, 124 Stat. 3064
(2010); see also Armen H. Merjian, An Unbroken Chain of Injustice: The Dawes
Act, Native American Trusts, and Cobell v. Salazar, 46 Gonzaga L. Rev. 609,
620-21 (2010/2011) (describing the number and nature of the trust accounts). The
Cobell litigation had a long, complicated, and contentious history. See Cobell
v. Salazar, 573 F.3d 808, 810 (D.C. Cir. 2009) (noting the case was then in its
thirteenth year with an "increasingly difficult to summarize ... factual and
procedural background"); Merjian, supra at 619-54 (providing a thorough summary
of the litigation); see also Jamin B. Raskin, Professor Richard J. Pierce's
Reign of Error in the Administrative Law Review, 57 Admin. L. Rev. 229, 242-43
(2005) (addressing particular actions of the judge initially assigned the case).





n368.  See generally LaFraniere, supra note 337 (providing a thorough discussion
of the black farmer ligation, its political aspects, and its susceptibility to
fraud).





n369.  See id. at 6 (quoting an attorney statement that the settlement "was more
a political decision than a litigation decision").





n370.  See Peterson, supra note 289, at 362 (noting with approval that this
process respected "Congress's appropriation authority").





n371.  31 U.S.C. § 1304(a)(1); see also CRS Pigford Cases, supra note 337, at
7-8 (explaining that the "not otherwise provided for" requirement was not met
because in the 2008 farm bill, Congress had made $ 100 million available for
those claims).





n372.  See Peterson, supra note 289, at 362-66 (citing Mochizuki v. United
States, 41 Fed. Cl. 54 (1998)).





n373.  See id. at 362-63 (describing the removal of Japanese Latin Americans to
the United States).





n374.  See generally Civil Liberties Act of 1988, Pub. L. No. 100-383, 102 Stat.
904 (codified at 50 U.S.C. § 1989b).





n375.  Id.; Peterson, supra note 289, at 365-66.





n376.  Civil Liberties Act of 1988 § 108(2)(A); see Peterson, supra note 289, at
366 (explaining further that the Japanese-Latin Americans were not eligible for
redress payments under that provision).





n377.  Mochizuki, 41 Fed. Cl. at 56-57; Press Release, U.S. Dept. of Justice,
Japanese Latin Americans to Receive Compensation for Internment During World War
II (June 12, 1998), http://www.justice.gov/opa/pr/1998/June/276.htm.html. This
fund was established by § 104 of the Civil Liberties Act of 1988.





n378.  See Peterson, supra note 289, at 366 (quoting the Justice Management
Division General Counsel, who wrote that he saw "virtually no litigative risk"
regarding the situation with the Japanese-Latin Americans).





n379.  See 1999 Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act, Pub. L. No. 106-31,
113 Stat. 57, 100 § 3021; Peterson, supra note 289, at 366 n.194 (suggesting
that Congress "had little choice but to [appropriate the money]").





n380.  See Keepseagle v. Glickman, 194 F.R.D. 1, 3 (D.D.C. 2000) (denying a
motion to assign case to the judge who had approved the consent decree in
Pigford I).





n381.  See Garcia v. Veneman, 211 F.R.D. 15, 17 (D.D.C. 2002) (denying class
certification of Hispanic farmers).





n382.  See Love v. Veneman, 224 F.R.D. 240, 242 (D.D.C. 2004), aff'd in part,
remanded in part sub nom. Love v. Johanns, 439 F.3d 723 (D.C. Cir. 2006)
(denying class certification of female farmers).





n383.  See In re Veneman, 309 F.3d 789, 791-92 (D.C. Cir. 2002) (noting
similarity of the four cases); CRS Garcia Analysis, supra note 336, at 1
(acknowledging allegations of discrimination by these groups). All three groups
were specifically identified in a non-binding "sense of Congress" provision in
the 2008 Farm Bill which urged "an expeditious and just" resolution of pending
farmer discrimination claims against USDA. See Food, Conservation, and Energy
Act of 2008, Pub. L. No. 110-246, § 14011, 122 Stat. 923 (identifying "Native
American, Hispanic, and female farmers or ranchers, based on racial, ethnic, or
gender discrimination in farm program participation"); CRS Garcia Analysis,
supra note 336, at 12-13.





n384.  See Carpenter, supra note 348, at 13-32 (discussing similarities and
differences in claims procedures).





n385.  See In re Veneman, 309 F.3d at 791 (noting plaintiffs had proceeded under
ECOA, Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, and the Administrative
Procedures Act).





n386.  Id.





n387.  See Keepseagle v. Glickman, 194 F.R.D. 1, 1 (D.D.C. 2000) (rejecting
plaintiffs' designation of their case as related to the Pigford litigation).





n388.  Keepseagle v. Veneman, No. Civ.A.9903119EGS1712, 2001 WL 34676944, at 14
(D.D.C. Dec. 12, 2001); see also CRS Garcia Analysis, supra note 348, at 11
(summarizing the case).





n389.  CRS Garcia Analysis, supra note 348, at 11.





n390.  News Release No. 0539.10, U.S. Dept. of Agric., Agriculture Secretary
Vilsack and Attorney General Holder Announce Settlement Agreement with Native
American Farmers Who Claim to Have Faced Discrimination by USDA in Past Decades
(Oct. 19, 2010),
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdamediafb?contentid=2010/10/0539.xml&print
able=true&contentidonly=true.





n391.  Settlement Agreement, Keepseagle v. Vilsack, No. 99-3119 2015 WL 1969814
(D.D.C. May 4, 2015) [hereinafter Keepseagle Settlement Agreement],
http://www.indianfarmclass.com/Documents/SettlementAgreement.pdf.





n392.  See Love v. Vilsack, 908 F. Supp. 2d 139, 142-43 (D.D.C. 2012) (noting
the process was "similar, though not identical").





n393.  Keepseagle Settlement Agreement, supra note 391, at 9-10, 14-25.





n394.  Id. at 7, 21-23.





n395.  Id. at 7, 23.





n396.  See id. at 33-38 (enhancing existing programs and creating a Council for
Native American Farming, a USDA ombudsman for Native American and other socially
disadvantaged farmers, and new reporting requirements).





n397.  See Garcia v. Veneman, 224 F.R.D. 8, 16 (D.D.C. 2004), aff'd and remanded
sub nom. Garcia v. Johanns, 444 F.3d 625 (D.C. Cir. 2006) (noting difficulty of
resolving similar ECOA claims even after class certification for liability in
the Pigford litigation).





n398.  See Scott E. Gant, The Law of Unintended Consequences: Supreme Court
Jurisdiction Over Interlocutory Class Certification Rulings, 6 J. App. Prac. &
Process 249, 249 (2004) (noting that "denial of certification often means the
end of the case"); Barry Sullivan & Amy Kobelski Trueblood, Rule 23(f): A Note
on Law and Discretion in the Courts of Appeals, 246 F.R.D. 277, 279 (2008)
("Class certification decisions may make or break a case: Where a class is not
certified, the plaintiffs (and their lawyer) may not have the will - or the
resources - to continue with a litigation that [may] yield only a small recovery
and little basis for an award of substantial attorneys' fees.").





n399.  See Keepseagle, Cohen Milstein,
http://www.cohenmilstein.com/cases/95/keepseagle (last visited Aug. 21, 2015)
(alluding to plaintiffs' economist's report).





n400.  Fifth Amended Class Action Complaint at 163 P 143, Keepseagle v. Vilsack,
No. 99-CV-03199, 2001 WL 35985330 (D.D.C. June 27, 2001).





n401.  Plaintiffs' Status Report at 1, Keepseagle v. Vilsack, No. 99-CV-03199
(D.D.C. June 12, 2013) (reporting 4380 Track A and 92 Track B final
determinations, 57 untimely claims, and 731 defective or incomplete claims).





n402.  Plaintiffs' Status Report at 2-3, Keepseagle v. Vilsack, No. 99-CV-03199
(D.D.C. Aug. 30, 2013) (reporting 3587 Track A claims [$ 224,187,500], 14 Track
B claims [$ 3,364,647], service awards to named plaintiffs [$ 950,000], and
attorneys' fees and costs [$ 60,800,000]).





n403.  Id. at 3.





n404.  Status Conference at 4, Keepseagle v. Vilsack, No. 99-CV-03199 (D.D.C.
Nov. 18, 2013).





n405.  Id. (comment of plaintiffs' counsel).





n406.  Id. at 16 (comment of plaintiffs' counsel).





n407.  See Keepseagle v. Vilsack, No. 99-CV-03199, 2015 WL 1969814 at 2 (D.D.C.
May 4, 2015) (discussing history of the settlement agreement); Keepseagle v.
Vilsack, 307 F.R.D. 233, 238 (D.D.C. 2014) (noting disagreement among Native
American groups as to how to handle excess funds).





n408.  See Status Conference at 29, Keepseagle v. Vilsack, No. 99-CV-03199
(D.D.C. Nov. 18, 2013) (noting that fact and commenting that it "was shocking
... [that the projected settlement amount] happens to be off $ 380 million
dollars").





n409.  As Judge Sullivan observed in denying a motion to modify the settlement,
"although a $ 380,000,000 donation by the federal government to charities
serving Native American farmers and ranchers might well be in the public
interest, the Court doubts that the judgment fund from which this money came was
intended to serve such a purpose." Keepseagle v. Vilsack, No. CV 99-3119 (EGS),
2015 WL 4510837, at 3 (D.D.C. July 24, 2015).





n410.  211 F.R.D. 15, 17-18 (D.D.C. 2002).





n411.  224 F.R.D. 240, 241-42 (D.D.C. 2004).





n412.  See CRS Garcia Analysis, supra note 336, at 11 (noting cases' common
history).





n413.  See Love, 224 F.R.D. at 242 (denying class certification for lack of
commonality), aff'd in part, remanded in part sub nom. Love v. Johanns, 439 F.3d
723 (D.C. Cir. 2006); Garcia v. Veneman, 224 F.R.D. 8, 15-16 (D.D.C. 2004)
(denying class certification for lack of commonality), aff'd and remanded sub
nom. Garcia v. Johanns, 444 F.3d 625, 637 (D.C. Cir. 2006) (affirming because
"the failure to investigate a discrimination complaint is not a "credit
transaction' within the meaning of ECOA"). Both cases were remanded for
determination of whether a failure to investigate violated the Administrative
Procedure Act. Love, 439 F.3d at 733; Garcia, 444 F.3d at 637. The district
court's decisions against plaintiffs on that issue were affirmed in a
consolidated appeal. Garcia v. Vilsack, 563 F.3d 519, 521 (D.C. Cir. 2009),
cert. denied, Garcia v. Vilsack, 558 U.S. 1158 (2010).





n414.  CRS Garcia Analysis, supra note 336, at 8.





n415.  Id. at 6; see also Timothy J. Burger, DOJ and Agriculture Spar Over
Hispanic Farmers Settlement, Main Justice (May 3, 2010),
http://www.mainjustice.com/2010/05/03/doj-and-agriculture-spar-over-hispanic-far
mers-settlement/ (quoting Justice spokesperson as saying that because of the
denial of class certification "we will not be able to negotiate a class-wide
settlement").





n416.  Secretary Vilsack's Efforts to Address Discrimination at USDA, USDA
Office of the Asst. Sect. for Civil Rights,
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/about_cr_background.html (last visited on May 29,
2015); News Transcript, Release No. 0100.11 USDA Office of Communications,
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack and Assistant Attorney General Tony West
Announce Process to Resolve Discrimination Claims of Hispanic and Women Farmers
(Feb. 25, 2011)
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?contentid=2011/03/0100.xml. (last
visited on Aug. 22, 2015).





n417.  News Release No. 0024.12, USDA Office of Communications, Agriculture
Secretary Vilsack Announces Updated and Improved Process to Resolve
Discrimination Claims of Hispanic and Women Farmers (Jan. 25, 2012),
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?contentid=2012/01/0024.xml (last
visited on Aug. 22, 2015).





n418.  Framework for Hispanic or Female Farmer's Claims, Defendant's Eighth
Status Rept., Exh. Garcia v. Vilsack, 1:00-cv-02445 (D.D.C. Jan. 20, 2012),
https://www.farmerclaims.gov/Documents/USDA%20Framework%20011312%20Final.pdf
(last visited Aug. 2, 2015)); see also Cantu v. United States, 565 F. App'x 7,
8-9 (D.C. Cir. 2014) (reversing dismissal of claim of discrimination in making
settlement offer).





n419.  Id. at 9.





n420.  See CRS Garcia Analysis, supra note 336, at 8.





n421.  See Framework for Hispanic or Female Farmer's Claims Process§§V. D., IV,
VII. C., VII.C. (explaining procedures).





n422.  See id. § XI.





n423.  Id. § I.E. (providing further that USDA would pay administrative costs of
the Claims Process).





n424.  Status Conf. at 5, 10, Garcia v. Veneman, 1:00-cv-02445 (D.D.C. Feb. 19,
2010) (reasoning that without "a solid number" a government settlement proposal
would be "shooting in the dark").





n425.  Def. Status Rept. at 2, Garcia v. Veneman, 1:00-cv-02445 (D.D.C. Sept.
27, 2010) (noting that plaintiffs' counsel had identified only the eighty-one
plaintiffs named in the Complaint).





n426.  CRS Garcia Analysis, supra note 336, at 6 (noting that "approval of class
certification ... appears to have been a critical factor in the decision" to
settle); see Carpenter, supra note 348, at 15-16 (describing class certification
as an "important development" that "paved the way" for the settlement).





n427.  See Gant, supra note 398, at 249 (noting that in class action litigation
"denial of certification often means the end of the case").





n428.  Status Conf. at 11-12, Garcia v. Veneman, 1:00-cv-02445 (D.D.C. Feb. 19,
2010) (detailing the comment of Judge James Robertson).





n429.  Status Conf. at 10-12, Garcia v. Veneman, 1:00-cv-02445 (D.D.C. Aug. 24,
2012) (quoting government counsel).





n430.  See Burger, supra note 415 (illustrating political pressure on Congress
and Secretary Vilsack); LaFraniere, supra note 337 (same).





n431.  Letter from Robert Menendez, Senator, to Barack Obama, President (June
17, 2009),
http://www.menendez.senate.gov/newsroom/press/senators-urge-settlement-in-usda-d
iscrimination-lawsuit-by-hispanic-farmers (detailing senators' requests for
equal treatment of Hispanic farmers and ranchers).





n432.  Ben Evans, USDA Offers $ 1.3B To Settle Discrimination Complaints from
Women, Latino Farmers, Associated Press, (May 26, 2010) (quoting attorney for
Hispanic farmers),
http://business.gaeatimes.com/2010/05/26/ap-source-usda-offers-13b-to-settle-dis
crimination-complaints-from-women-latino-farmers-64864/.





n433.  See generally LaFraniere, supra note 337 (describing the White House's
involvement in shaping the claims process); see also Burger, supra note 415,
(quoting an Obama administration official who described the White House as
playing a "coordinating role").





n434.  See LaFraniere, supra note 337, at 3 (noting lawyers' objection to the
process).





n435.  See id. (quoting an administration official).





n436.  The parties clearly understood that USDA had created a new program. See
e.g., Status Conf. at 3, 5, 10, 11, 14, Garcia v. Veneman, 1:00-cv-02445 (D.D.C.
Feb. 23, 2012) (colloquy among court and counsel for both sides); Status Conf.
at 10-12, Garcia v. Veneman, 1:00-cv-02445 (D.D.C. Aug. 24, 2012) (government
counsel using term "Administrative Claims Program").





n437.  See, e.g., Eric A. Posner & Adrian Vermeule, The Credible Executive, 74
U. Chi. L. Rev. 865, 908 (2007) (explaining that restrictions on use of the
Judgment Fund would undercut any presidentially created causes of action, as
"there might be no pot of money from which to fund damages").





n438.  See supra notes 141-49, 424-29 and accompanying text.





n439.  See Greene, supra note 9 (noting lack of transparency).





n440.  This function was formerly handled by Treasury's Financial Management
Service (FMS).





n441.  See Office of Pers. Mgmt. Reimbursement of Judgment Fund, 5 C.F.R. §
724.105 (providing that "an agency's failure to reimburse the Judgment Fund ...
will be recorded on an annual basis and posted on the FMS Web site."); see also
5 C.F.R. § 724.104(b) (providing that agencies are to reimburse the Judgment
Fund or "make arrangements in writing for reimbursement" within forty-five days
of receiving notice from FMS). The No FEAR Non-Compliant Agency Report can be
found at http://www.fms.treas.gov/judgefund/noncompliance.htm.





n442.  5 C.F.R. § 724.105.





n443.  See U.S. Department of Treasury: Bureau of the Fiscal Service,
https://www.fiscal.treasury.gov/fsservices/gov/pmt/jdgFund/noncompliance.htm
(last visited Sept. 25, 2015) (illustrating a lack of information on
non-compliance). On July 11, 2014, the Treasury's website provided only the
Annual Non-Compliant Agency Report for 2012, which stated in its entirety, "No
federal agencies were found to be non-compliant as of November 1, 2012."





n444.  See No FEAR Act Receivables, Treasury Direct,
http://www.treasurydirect.gov/govt/reports/tma/nofear.htm (providing agency
balances); Contract Disputes Receivables, Treasury Direct,
http://www.treasurydirect.gov/govt/reports/tma/contractdisputes.htm (same).





n445.  See Sarah Wood Borak, Note, The Legacy of "Deep Throat": The Disclosure
Process of the Whistleblower Protection Act Amendments of 1994 and the No FEAR
Act of 2002, 59 U. Miami L. Rev. 617, 654 (2005) (noting that "the [No FEAR]
reimbursement process may extend over several years").





n446.  See GAO-08-295R, supra note 175, at 11 (showing a lack of agency specific
information requirement).





n447.  Cong. Report, 2012 Judgment Fund Transparency Report to Cong., Bureau of
the Fiscal Service [hereinafter 2012 Judgment Fund Report]; Cong. Report, 2011
Judgment Fund Transparency Report to Cong., Bureau of the Fiscal Service,
[hereinafter 2011 Judgment Fund Report],
http://www.fiscal.treasury.gov/fsservices/gov/pmt/jdgFund/congress-reports.htm.





n448.  See CRS Judgment Fund, supra note 193, at 15 n.130. The managers directed
that



   unless the disclosure of such information is otherwise prohibited by law or
court order, the report shall consist of: (1) the name of the plaintiff or
claimant; (2) the name of the counsel for the plaintiff or claimant; (3) the
name of the agency that submitted the claim; (4) a brief description of the
facts that gave rise to the claim; and (5) the amount paid representing
principal, attorney fees, and interest, if applicable.

 H.R. Rep. No. 112-136, at 6 (2011). The same language was used the next year
regarding the Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Bill,
2013. H.R. Rep. No. 112-550, at 6 (2012); CRS Judgment Fund, supra note 193, at
15. Similar language was included in 2013 and 2014, for the Financial Services
and General Government Appropriations Bills of 2014 and 2015; H.R. Rep. No.
113-172, at 14-15 (2013); H.R. Rep. No. 113-508, at 14 (2014).





n449.  E.g., 2011 Judgment Fund Report; 2012 Judgment Fund Report. Other columns
include "Attorney's Fees Amount," "Cost Amount," and "Interest Amount." Id.





n450.  See Judgment Fund Payment Search Page,
https://jfund.fms.treas.gov/jfradSearchWeb/JFPymtSearchAction.do (providing a
database of Judgment Fund payments). The Treasury provides the information
explicitly "for the purpose of tracking the status of approved Judgment Fund
payments only." Id. This database lacks a "Plaintiff's Counsel" column. Id.





n451.  2011 and 2012 Judgment Fund Reports. But see CRS Judgment Fund, supra
note 193, at 15 (stating incorrectly that the reports contained all information
requested by the House managers other than fact summaries).





n452.  See Letter from Bureau of the Fiscal Service, to Paul Figley, Associate
Director, Legal Rhetoric Program, Washington College of Law (June 18, 2014), 2
(on file with the author) (demonstrating the agency's refusal to disclose
individual payment recipients).





n453.  See id. at 3.





n454.  See documents released by the Dep't of Treasury in response to FOIA #
2014-03-086 and FOIA # 2013-10-20 (on file with the author).





n455.  See supra notes 261-62.





n456.  See GAO-11-650, supra note 321, at 12 n.21.





n457.  See U.S. Gen. Accounting Office, GAO/HEHS-98-68R, Equal Access to Justice
Act 11-13 (1998) [hereinafter GAO/HEHS 98-68R] (noting that during fiscal years
1982-1994 there were approximately 8,400 EAJA applications of which 6,200 were
granted at a cost of about $ 34 million). But see id. at 2 (noting that data
from fiscal years 1982-94 could not be verified because government-wide EAJA
data was no longer collected and agency recordkeeping had been lax).





n458.  See, e.g., Admin. Conference of the U.S., Report of the Chairman on
Agency and Court Awards in FY 2010 under the Equal Access to Justice Act 5-6
(2013) (noting problems in acquiring useful data); Baier, supra note 226, at 43
(same); Korpics et al., supra note 229, at 10998 (same).





n459.  See Mortimer & Malmsheimer, supra note 226, at 353-54 (noting disparities
in amounts of reported Forest Service EAJA fees from 1999-2005 in information
provided by the Forest Service ($ 6,137,583), the Department of Justice ($
3,526,632), and the Secretary of Agriculture ($ 7,002,530)).





n460.  See, e.g., U.S. Gov't Accountability Office, GAO-14-458T, Limited Data
Available on USDA Attorney Fee Claims and Payments 1, 6 (2014) (noting that 29
of 33 USDA agencies did not track and could not provide relevant data);
GAO-11-650 at 2-3, 33 (noting incomplete nature of EPA, Treasury, and DOJ
records on costs associated with environmental litigation).





n461.  GAO 12-417R at 5; accord Paul Verkuil, Report of the Chairman on Agency
and Court Awards in FY 2010 under the Equal Access to Justice Act, Admin.
Conference of the United States 4-6 (Jan. 9, 2013) (noting the extreme
difficulty of collecting data on EAJA payments from agencies).





n462.  See Baier, supra note 226, at 35, 43 (noting problems caused by
termination of reporting); Korpics et al., supra note 229, at 10998 (recognizing
that some environmentalists would support restoration of EAJA reporting
requirements).





n463.  Framework for Hispanic or Female Farmer's Claims Process, supra note 421,
Sec. IV.





n464.  Hispanic and Women Farmers and Ranchers Claims Resolution Process, Home,
Update, https://www.farmerclaims.gov/Default.aspx. If each of the 2,500
claimants received the maximum $ 250,000 award, total payments would be $
625,000,000. See supra note 419 and accompanying text. To finance the program, $
1,330,000,000 was taken from the Judgment Fund. See supra note 415 and
accompanying text. Subtracting the payments from the corpus leaves at least $
705,000,000 of Judgment Fund money unaccounted for. As with the Keepseagle
settlement, less than half the money has gone to pay claims. See supra note 408
and accompanying text.





n465.  See GAO-14-458T, supra note 460, at 10 n.23 (noting problem).





n466.  See id. at 9-10 (discussing awards for attorneys' fees and costs).





n467.  See, e.g., Interior FY 2011 Budget Hrg., supra note 322, at 363 (noting,
according to Rep. Simpson, the inability to find any accounting of payments);
Korpics et al., supra note 229, at 10998.





n468.  See supra note 462 and accompanying text; see also Baier, supra note 226,
at 35 (noting difficulty of assessing "amounts of EAJA awards or the patterns of
EAJA use").





n469.  See U.S. Gov't Accountability Office, GAO-13-69R, Civil Rights:
Additional Actions in Pigford II Claims Process Could Reduce Risk of Improper
Determination 3 (2012).





n470.  See Ross E. Cheit, Tort Litigation, Transparency, and the Public
Interest, 13 Roger Williams U. L. Rev. 232, 239 (2008) ("[Transparency] inhibits
corruption, encourages accountability, and instills public confidence.").





n471.  Cass R. Sunstein, Government Control of Information, 74 Cal. L. Rev. 889,
894 (1986).





n472.  See id. at 895-96 (noting that secrecy is appropriate to protect military
plans, facilitate negotiations, facilitate internal government deliberations,
avoid interest group pressures, and "encourage communications from others").





n473.  See id. at 896-97 (listing categories of benefits from disclosure).





n474.  Joseph F. Anderson, Jr., Hidden from the Public by Order of the Court:
The Case Against Government-Enforced Secrecy, 55 S.C. L. Rev. 711, 740 (2004)
(citing Nixon v. Warner Commc'ns, Inc., 435 U.S. 589, 597 (1978)); see also
Stephen Wm. Smith, Kudzu in the Courthouse: Judgments Made in the Shade, 3 Fed.
Cts. L. Rev. 177, 206 (2009) (noting that that judicial rulings have been open
to the public both "at common law, and for most of this nation's history").





n475.  Public Access to Court Electronic Records ("PACER") is the federal
judiciary's online public access system and is available at
https://www.pacer.gov. Information pertaining to administrative settlements is
similarly available to the public only when settlements fall within a judicial
process such as court approval of a minor's settlement.





n476.  See supra note 454 and accompanying text.





n477.  See Adam Candeub, Transparency in the Administrative State, 51 Hous. L.
Rev. 385, 387 (2013) (""Transparency' or "access' does not really exist if
obtaining and securing information is costly in either time or effort.").
Professor Candeub notes that the 2013 amendment of the Stop Trading on
Congressional Knowledge Act of 2012 changed the requirement that information
about securities transactions of federal officials be posted online to a
requirement that it be "available on paper but only in the basement of the
Cannon House Office Building." Id. at 391-92.





n478.  Open Government Directive: Memorandum for the Heads of Executive Dep'ts
and Agencies from Peter Orszag, Dir., Office of Mgmt. and Budget 2 (Dec. 8,
2009), http://www.treasury.gov/open/Documents/m10-06.pdf; see also Candeub,
supra note 477, at 407 (discussing Administrator of the Office of Information
and Regulatory Affairs Cass Sunstein's call for "agencies to provide information
"in an open format that enables the public to download, analyze, and visualize
any information and data.'" (citing Memorandum for the Heads of Executive Dep'ts
and Agencies from Cass Sunstein, Adm'r, Office of Mgmt. and Budget 1 (Apr. 25,
2011))).





n479.  U.S. Const. art. I, § 9, cl. 7. While some courts have held that names of
claimants may be protected from disclosure under FOIA, they have done so without
addressing the Statement and Account Clause. See, e.g., News-Press v. U.S. Dep't
of Homeland Sec., 489 F.3d 1173, 1189, 1196-97, 1199, 1205 (11th Cir. 2007)
(holding names of individuals who received disaster assistance could be withheld
under FOIA but their addresses must be disclosed, and noting "the release of a
list of names and other identifying information does not inherently ...
constitute a "clearly unwarranted' invasion of personal privacy" (citing 5
U.S.C. § 552(b)(6))).





n480.  See supra notes 244-48 and accompanying text.





n481.  28 C.F.R. § 50.23 ("This policy flows from the principle of openness in
government ... ."); see also 28 C.F.R. § 50.9 ("Policy with regard to open
judicial proceedings.").





n482.  28 C.F.R. § 50.23; see also Cheit, supra note 468, at 264-65 (noting the
need for transparency in government tort settlements).





n483.  Anderson, supra note 474, at 740.





n484.  See Peterson, supra note 289, at 368 (noting that the Department of
Justice "is the only effective check on itself").





n485.  Id. at 369. But see Cantu, 565 F. App'x at 9-10 (directing court to
review whether a settlement offer was tainted by discrimination).





n486.  See Peterson, supra note 289, at 370-71 (explaining that neither
congressional committees nor the Government Accountability Office would do so
effectively).





n487.  See supra Parts I.A-C.





n488.  See News Transcript, Release No. 0629.10, USDA Office of Communications,
Media Conference Call on 2010 Farm Income Forecasts, Trade, Statistics and Final
Passage of Pigford II Settlement (Dec. 1, 2010)
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?contentid=2010/12/0629.xml&navid=Re
covery_News&edeployment_action=retrievecontent (Sec. Vilsack explained that
unlike in Pigford II, "we don't have to have an appropriation from Congress for
Garcia/Love").





n489.  See supra notes 424-35 and accompanying text.





n490.  See supra notes 402-08 and accompanying text.





n491.  Such a limit might provide a new subsection (a)(4) to 31 U.S.C. § 1304,
stating, "but, no payment shall be made on a settlement exceeding $ 500,000,000
that does not arise from a single event."





n492.  See supra note 447 and accompanying text.





n493.  See, e.g., Judgment Fund Transparency Act of 2015, S. 350, 114th Cong.
(2015); see also Government Transparency and Recordkeeping Act of 2012, S. 3415,
112th Congress § 2 (2011-12).





n494.  See generally Judgment Fund Transparency Act of 2015 § 2.





n495.  See supra notes 452, 474 and accompanying text; Bureau of the Fiscal
Serv., Judgment Fund Congressional Report,
http://www.fiscal.treasury.gov/fsservices/gov/pmt/jdgFund/congress-reports.htm.





n496.  See supra notes 453-55 and accompanying text.





n497.  Open Book on Equal Access to Justice Act, H.R. 384, 114th Cong. (2015);
see also Open Book on Equal Access to Justice Act, H.R. 2919, 113th Cong.
(2014); Open EAJA Act of 2010, H.R. 4717, 111th Cong. (2010).





n498.  H.R. 2919 § 2(a).





n499.  Id. § 2(b).





n500.  Id. § 2(a)-(b).





n501.  See GAO-08-295R, supra note 175, at 11.





n502.  See supra notes 441-43 and accompanying text; Bureau of the Fiscal Serv.,
Annual Non-Compliant Agency Report,
http://www.fiscal.treasury.gov/fsservices/gov/pmt/jdgFund/noncompliance.htm.


                               12 of 90 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday

Washington: USDA Announces $8.4 Million to Support Minority and Veteran Farmers
and Ranchers

LENGTH: 970  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced $8.4 million in grants that
will be used by organizations in 24 states to provide training, outreach and
technical assistance for socially disadvantaged, tribal and veteran farmers and
ranchers.





 "USDA was created to be 'The People's Department,' and in the past eight years
we have made tremendous progress in correcting past mistakes and creating a more
inclusive culture within our organization. Part of that legacy includes
supporting farmers and ranchers with diverse backgrounds and experience levels,"
said Vilsack. "The grants announced today will be leveraged by local partners
and help bring traditionally underserved people into farming, as well as
veterans who want to return home to rural areas."



     Tuskegee University, Alabama, $200,000

     Alaska Tribal Conservation Alliance, Alaska $187,316

     Little Colorado River Plateau Resource Conservation and Development,
Arizona, $200,000

     Developing Innovation in Navajo Education Inc., Arizona; also serving New
Mexico $200,000

     Painted Desert Demonstration Projects, Inc., Arizona; also serving New
Mexico and Utah, $199,599

     Arkansas Land & Community Development Corp., Arkansas, $199,583

     East Arkansas Enterprise Community, Arkansas, $199,165

     National Audubon Society, Inc., Arkansas, $142,182

     University Of Arkansas System, Arkansas, $200,000

     First Nations Development Institute, Colorado; also serving Tribal
Communities throughout U.S., $200,000

     Florida A & M University, Florida, $148,368

     North South Institute, Inc., Florida, $199,507

     Global Growers Network Inc., Georgia, $196,698

     Lei Ho'olaha, Hawaii, $100,000

     The Kohala Center, Hawaii, $200,000

     Southern University Agricultural and Mechanical College, Louisiana; also
serving Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia, $199,999

     Cultivating Community, Maine, $187,706

     Michigan Integrated Food & Farming Systems, Michigan, $199,998

     Red Lake Band Of Chippewa Indians, Minnesota, $104,342

     Fond Du Lac Tribal & Community College, Minnesota; also serving Michigan
and Wisconsin, $179,381

     Tougaloo College, Mississippi, $200,000

     Mississippi Minority Farmers Alliance Inc., Mississippi, $200,000

     Mississippi Asso. of Cooperatives, Mississippi, $200,000

     Winston County Self Help, Mississippi, $200,000

     Tri-County Agricultural Cooperative, Mississippi, $200,000

     Rural Development Leadership Network, Mississippi; also serving New Mexico,
$200,000

     Lincoln University, Missouri, $200,000

     University of Missouri System, Missouri, $179,614

     Fort Peck Community College, Montana, $198,506

     University Of Nevada, Reno, Nevada; also serving Idaho, Montana, Oregon,
South Dakota, and Washington, $199,385

     Desert Forge Foundation, New Mexico, $200,000

     New Mexico Acequia Association, New Mexico, $116,339

     Canetoe Family Life Center, North Carolina, $199,738

     Whitaker Small Farm Group Inc., North Carolina, $199,955

     Asian Service Action Inc., Ohio, $199,722

     Oklahoma Women in Agriculture Association, Oklahoma, $200,000

     Langston University, Oklahoma, $187,890

     Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma, Oklahoma, $165,823

     Common Market Philadelphia Inc., Pennsylvania, $200,000

     Center For Heirs Property Preservation, South Carolina, $200,000

     Hunkpati Investments, Inc., South Dakota, $169,502

     Texas State University, Texas, $200,000

     National Immigrant Farming Initiative, Inc., Texas; also serving Florida,
$197,588

     University of Texas Rio Grande Valley, Texas; also serving New Mexico
$199,977

     West Virginia State University, West Virginia, $199,973



 Additionally, Alcorn State University will continue to administer the Socially
Disadvantaged Policy Research Center with a $400,000 grant, providing analysis
and development of policy recommendations to engage socially disadvantaged
farmers and ranchers.



 These grants are provided through USDA's Outreach and Assistance for Socially
Disadvantaged and Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program, also known as the 2501
Program and administered by USDA's Office of Advocacy and Outreach (OAO). Since
2010, more than $83.8 million has been invested through the 2501 Program to
leverage the work of local partners. The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized the program
and expanded the program mandate to include military Veterans.



 OAO works across USDA agencies to improve the viability and profitability of
small and beginning farmers and ranchers; improve access to USDA programs for
historically underserved communities; increase agricultural opportunities for
farm workers; and close the professional achievement gap by providing
opportunities for diverse, talented young people to support the agricultural
industry in the 21st century.



 Secretary Vilsack has made it a priority to build a new era for civil rights at
USDA and ensure that all customers and employees are treated fairly, and all
Americans are treated with dignity and respect. Under Vilsack's leadership, USDA
has reached historic settlement agreements with African-American and Native
American farmers who have faced discrimination by USDA in past decades. USDA
established the Office of Advocacy and Outreach in 2010 to improve access to
USDA programs and enhance the viability and profitability of small, beginning,
and socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers. USDA also created a streamlined
claims process for Hispanic and women farmers and ranchers in 2011 to address
past claims of discrimination.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               13 of 90 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday

Washington: USDA Announces $8.4 Million to Support Minority and Veteran Farmers
and Ranchers

LENGTH: 970  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced $8.4 million in grants that
will be used by organizations in 24 states to provide training, outreach and
technical assistance for socially disadvantaged, tribal and veteran farmers and
ranchers.





 "USDA was created to be 'The People's Department,' and in the past eight years
we have made tremendous progress in correcting past mistakes and creating a more
inclusive culture within our organization. Part of that legacy includes
supporting farmers and ranchers with diverse backgrounds and experience levels,"
said Vilsack. "The grants announced today will be leveraged by local partners
and help bring traditionally underserved people into farming, as well as
veterans who want to return home to rural areas."



     Tuskegee University, Alabama, $200,000

     Alaska Tribal Conservation Alliance, Alaska $187,316

     Little Colorado River Plateau Resource Conservation and Development,
Arizona, $200,000

     Developing Innovation in Navajo Education Inc., Arizona; also serving New
Mexico $200,000

     Painted Desert Demonstration Projects, Inc., Arizona; also serving New
Mexico and Utah, $199,599

     Arkansas Land & Community Development Corp., Arkansas, $199,583

     East Arkansas Enterprise Community, Arkansas, $199,165

     National Audubon Society, Inc., Arkansas, $142,182

     University Of Arkansas System, Arkansas, $200,000

     First Nations Development Institute, Colorado; also serving Tribal
Communities throughout U.S., $200,000

     Florida A & M University, Florida, $148,368

     North South Institute, Inc., Florida, $199,507

     Global Growers Network Inc., Georgia, $196,698

     Lei Ho'olaha, Hawaii, $100,000

     The Kohala Center, Hawaii, $200,000

     Southern University Agricultural and Mechanical College, Louisiana; also
serving Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia, $199,999

     Cultivating Community, Maine, $187,706

     Michigan Integrated Food & Farming Systems, Michigan, $199,998

     Red Lake Band Of Chippewa Indians, Minnesota, $104,342

     Fond Du Lac Tribal & Community College, Minnesota; also serving Michigan
and Wisconsin, $179,381

     Tougaloo College, Mississippi, $200,000

     Mississippi Minority Farmers Alliance Inc., Mississippi, $200,000

     Mississippi Asso. of Cooperatives, Mississippi, $200,000

     Winston County Self Help, Mississippi, $200,000

     Tri-County Agricultural Cooperative, Mississippi, $200,000

     Rural Development Leadership Network, Mississippi; also serving New Mexico,
$200,000

     Lincoln University, Missouri, $200,000

     University of Missouri System, Missouri, $179,614

     Fort Peck Community College, Montana, $198,506

     University Of Nevada, Reno, Nevada; also serving Idaho, Montana, Oregon,
South Dakota, and Washington, $199,385

     Desert Forge Foundation, New Mexico, $200,000

     New Mexico Acequia Association, New Mexico, $116,339

     Canetoe Family Life Center, North Carolina, $199,738

     Whitaker Small Farm Group Inc., North Carolina, $199,955

     Asian Service Action Inc., Ohio, $199,722

     Oklahoma Women in Agriculture Association, Oklahoma, $200,000

     Langston University, Oklahoma, $187,890

     Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma, Oklahoma, $165,823

     Common Market Philadelphia Inc., Pennsylvania, $200,000

     Center For Heirs Property Preservation, South Carolina, $200,000

     Hunkpati Investments, Inc., South Dakota, $169,502

     Texas State University, Texas, $200,000

     National Immigrant Farming Initiative, Inc., Texas; also serving Florida,
$197,588

     University of Texas Rio Grande Valley, Texas; also serving New Mexico
$199,977

     West Virginia State University, West Virginia, $199,973



 Additionally, Alcorn State University will continue to administer the Socially
Disadvantaged Policy Research Center with a $400,000 grant, providing analysis
and development of policy recommendations to engage socially disadvantaged
farmers and ranchers.



 These grants are provided through USDA's Outreach and Assistance for Socially
Disadvantaged and Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program, also known as the 2501
Program and administered by USDA's Office of Advocacy and Outreach (OAO). Since
2010, more than $83.8 million has been invested through the 2501 Program to
leverage the work of local partners. The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized the program
and expanded the program mandate to include military Veterans.



 OAO works across USDA agencies to improve the viability and profitability of
small and beginning farmers and ranchers; improve access to USDA programs for
historically underserved communities; increase agricultural opportunities for
farm workers; and close the professional achievement gap by providing
opportunities for diverse, talented young people to support the agricultural
industry in the 21st century.



 Secretary Vilsack has made it a priority to build a new era for civil rights at
USDA and ensure that all customers and employees are treated fairly, and all
Americans are treated with dignity and respect. Under Vilsack's leadership, USDA
has reached historic settlement agreements with African-American and Native
American farmers who have faced discrimination by USDA in past decades. USDA
established the Office of Advocacy and Outreach in 2010 to improve access to
USDA programs and enhance the viability and profitability of small, beginning,
and socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers. USDA also created a streamlined
claims process for Hispanic and women farmers and ranchers in 2011 to address
past claims of discrimination.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               14 of 90 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright (c) 2011 Fordham Environmental Law Review
                        Fordham Environmental Law Review

                                   Fall, 2011

                        Fordham Environmental Law Review

                         22 Fordham Envtl. Law Rev. 523

LENGTH: 15385 words

ARTICLE: AMERICA'S NEW AGRARIANS: POLICY OPPORTUNITIES AND LEGAL INNOVATIONS TO
SUPPORT NEW FARMERS n1

NAME: Prof. Neil D. Hamilton*

BIO: * Neil D. Hamilton is the Dwight D. Opperman Distinguished Professor of Law
and the Director of the Agricultural Law Center at Drake University Law School
in Des Moines.

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... The three topics are: 1) how the local food policy councils proliferating
across the nation can incorporate efforts to support new farmers; 2) how a "new
farmer fund" generated in part through market-based consumer-oriented support
can be used by organizations working to train and assist new farmers; and 3) how
a "farm school" model may address the labor law issues associated with
traditional models of on-farm "internships" and apprentices" while expanding the
opportunities for people interested in learning about farming.  ... Fourth, the
USDA can announce a series of new initiatives as they are developed, perhaps
including some proposals set out in this article, such as: appointing USDA "new
farmer agents" at the county level; awards to recognize landowners who assist
new farmers; efforts such as creating a USDA "office of community based
agriculture," and proposals to Congress for a "new farmer title" for the 2012
Farm Bill.  ... Organize Local New Farmer Advisory Councils While USDA support
for new farmers may come primarily from national programs such as FSA lending,
the actual creation of new farms is a very individual, local decision.  ...
These issues include: access to land on affordable terms; the amount of equity
new farmers can bring to the enterprise; and the availability of training and
educational programs to give new farmers the skills and tools, including
business planning, marketing, and risk management, needed to create and operate
successful businesses.

TEXT:
 [*523]

   Why the New Farmer Generation is so Important to America's Future

 A strong argument can be made that no issue is more important to the future of
U.S. agriculture - and thus to our food supply and social sustainability - than
identifying who will be the next generation of farmers who will steward the land
and produce our food. The good news is our nation is experiencing a surge in
interest of people who want to be farmers - what we can see as a generation of
New Agrarians. n2 The interest of young people in food and agriculture is almost
overwhelming, and such a stark difference from past decades when few in the
younger generation wanted anything to do with  [*524]  farming, raising
livestock or working the land. n3 But the times are changing and today the
nation has a real opportunity to bring new energy, fresh ideas, and young talent
to the farm and food sector in rural areas and urban communities alike. This
interest on the part of a new generation of potential farmers, many from
non-agricultural backgrounds, will challenge the traditional agricultural system
and culture in many ways. Interest in organic farming, different views on what
is proper and humane in caring for livestock, and less enthusiasm for certain
new technologies, such as genetically modified seeds, are just some of the
points of difference between the traditional farm community and many in the New
Agrarian generation. n4 This new interest in farming cuts across all economic,
geographic, racial, ethnic and educational distinctions. On a November 2010
weekend, over 450 people, mostly black youth and students, gathered at Brooklyn
College for the Black Farmers and Urban Agriculture conference to learn about
how to be part of the healthy food and urban farming movement. n5 Less than two
weeks later, a sell-out crowd composed of over 250 mostly white, well educated,
college graduates from middle and upper income families, gathered for the
National Young Farmer Conference at the Stone Barns Center for Food and
Agriculture near Tarrytown, less than fifty miles away. n6 While the audiences
were very different, their interests and the forces motivating and attracting
them were much the same; as are the challenges and hurdles facing them in their
desire to be involved with farming. n7

    [*525]  The opportunity to focus the nation's attention on the needs of a
new generation of farmers and the role they can play in the future of local and
regional food systems presents an important opportunity for policy makers and
public officials. The people interested in food and farming come from all
backgrounds, but there are segments of the population that present special
opportunities and challenges. For example, women play a significant role in the
nation's healthy food movement and in creating new farms, especially in relation
to local foods, small farms, and beginning farms. n8 Over fify percent of the
speakers and attendees at the Drake Forum were women. n9 This means women are a
critical part of the new farmer agenda, and policy efforts need to recognize and
empower them. n10 Another group that presents a unique opportunity to aid in
assisting their desire to farm are the nation's young veterans. Helping these
potential new farmers - literally turning combat boots into cowboy boots -
represents one of the most important and symbolic opportunities for the U.S. to
make real a commitment to helping create new farms. n11 In addition to  [*526]
traditional ideas of farming, which for most observers is a rural activity,
interest is growing in the idea of urban agriculture or expanding food
production within and near our cities. n12 In the last year, officials in
several major cities have amended their zoning codes to authorize urban farming,
creating opportunities for community gardens and local markets. n13 The interest
in urban agriculture or community-based agriculture is burgeoning across the
nation - perhaps best symbolized by the growing interest in raising poultry,
i.e., the "city chicken" movement. n14

   The emergence of a new generation of people interested in farming is
important to our nation for many reasons. It is a critical change in attitude to
see new people who want to farm, become landowners and even live in rural areas.
These new farmers are helping to reverse trends regarding both the number of
farmers and the rural population. n15 These people bring a new range of skills,
education, talents, and creativity to rural areas as well as entrepreneurial
drive. They represent a branch of the "cultural creatives,' people who are savvy
with new information technologies and who have the marketing skills to open new
economic opportunities. n16 Many of  [*527]  them see their farms as food
businesses, which can be the basis for other entrepreneurial activities. n17
They represent not just new bodies and new blood, offering new ideas and energy,
but also have the capacity and leadership to help fuel local developments.

   It may be too easy to generalize about the motivations of these New
Agrarians, but they generally bring an enlightened attitude to resource
conservation and sustainability and are interested in embracing environmental
stewardship. Fortunately, this attitude stands in contrast to many in the
traditional farm sector who continue to view environmental issues, such as
addressing water quality protection or confronting the challenges of climate
change, n18 as an economic burden rather than a social and legal responsibility.
n19 Many of the New Agrarians see involvement in food production and agriculture
as imbued with a dimension of public service, n20 and see producing healthy food
and restoring land as an important social good, in addition to being an economic
opportunity. n21 They are committed to the ideal of community and see themselves
in relationships with their consumers, neighboring farmers, the land,  [*528]
their animals, and the communities in which they live. n22 As a result, they see
farming as an avenue to economic development and building better futures for
their families and their communities. One important component of the New
Agrarian movement are older, second career people either returning to their home
areas or moving to rural areas, who bring their employment experience and
skills, as well as capital and other wealth to their farms, with the goal of
retiring in the area. n23 Another component of the new farm movement is focused
on urban agriculture, and represents an important force not just for improving
food access in their communities, but also stimulating economic development and
stabilizing and restoring neighborhoods facing economic decline. n24

   This Article addresses how law and policy can be employed to create
opportunities for new farmers and considers how this relates to the expansion of
local and regional food systems. Part I considers the traditional role played by
the United States Department of Agriculture ("USDA") in supporting new farmers
and addresses how the work of the USDA can be enhanced. This discussion builds
on the leadership of USDA Secretary Thomas J. Vilsack who, in a July 2010
appearance before the Senate Agriculture Committee, articulated a goal of
helping create 100,000 new farmers. n25 Further, this Article presents an
extensive set of ideas and recommendations on how the USDA can achieve this
goal. Part II considers three  [*529]  topics which address key issues facing
new farmers. The three topics are: 1) how the local food policy councils
proliferating across the nation can incorporate efforts to support new farmers;
2) how a "new farmer fund" generated in part through market-based
consumer-oriented support can be used by organizations working to train and
assist new farmers; and 3) how a "farm school" model may address the labor law
issues associated with traditional models of on-farm "internships" and
apprentices" while expanding the opportunities for people interested in learning
about farming. The Article concludes with a brief discussion of the connection
between efforts to support new farmers and expanding local and regional food
systems and how these developments are both part of the growing national
interest in healthy food and direct farmer-to-consumer marketing.

   I. Why New Farmer Issues are Important for the USDA

 A critical challenge for American agriculture and for the USDA is helping
identify and support the next generation of farmers and rural landowners.
Although the USDA has a long history of programs important to new and beginning
farmers, such as targeted Farm Service Agency (FSA) loans to help finance the
acquisition of land, n26 it is fair to criticize past USDA and Administration
efforts for not providing a sharp focus on new farmers. For example, a September
2007 Government Accountability Office ("GAO") Report to the Senate Agriculture
Committee concluded the USDA did not have any way to measure the effectiveness
of the financial support for beginning farmers and instead relied primarily on
counting the number and amount of FSA loans. n27 While support for new farmers
[*530]  might be implicit in other departmental efforts to create agricultural
opportunities, what has been missing in the past at the USDA has been an
intentional effort to treat the topic of new farmers as an integrated theme and
provide a clear, strong articulation of the importance of creating new farms as
an over-arching (or underpinning) priority for USDA's work. Fortunately, this
situation changed with the appointment of Secretary Vilsack and a new team of
USDA leaders interested in creating opportunities in America's food system and
in addressing the needs of all farmers regardless of their size or type of
operation.

   Today the USDA administers a variety of programs relating to this topic, many
of which were created by the 2008 Farm Bill. n28 These programs include new
funding for competitive grants under the Beginning Farmer and Rancher
Development Program ("BFRDP"), which provided over seventeen million dollars in
grants in 2009 and 2010; n29 Natural Resource Conservation Service ("NRCS")
assistance for new farmers; n30 and the new Conservation Reserve Program ("CRP")
Transition Incentives Program ("TIP") offering financial incentives to
landowners who assist new farmers in obtaining access  [*531]  to land coming
out of this popular conservation program. n31 In August 2010, after a two-year
hiatus, the USDA reappointed the Advisory Committee on Beginning Farmers and
Ranchers, designed to provide advice and input from external audiences to USDA
officials working on new farmers. n32 The new Office of Advocacy and Outreach,
and the national program leader for new and beginning farmers have
responsibility for administering the advisory committee and for leading a
focused internal USDA effort to develop wide ranging and effective support for
new farming operations. n33 In addition to USDA efforts, other traditional new
farmer lending efforts exist across the nation, such as the tax exempt "aggie
bonds" issued in twenty states. n34 A variety of non-profit organizations and
farm groups  [*532]  develop innovative training and education programs, some
involving incubator farms, to support new farmers. n35

   New farmer issues represent an exciting opportunity to revitalize and
re-energize the work of the USDA, especially at the field level. The new farmer
issue is key to the future of USDA for many reasons, principally because it is
forward looking and fundamentally linked to the future of agriculture, i.e. no
farms, no food. Efforts to support new farmers are people-focused and based on
creating economic opportunities - creating new jobs and farm businesses,
building family wealth, and strengthening rural communities. Helping support a
new farm family and farm operation is very real and is something other people
can identify with - whether it be existing farmers, neighbors, landowners,
community leaders or USDA employees. Further, the ability to engage local USDA
staff in helping new farmers may offer a more rewarding and satisfying
experience when compared to assisting large-scale producers work through the
complex, mind-numbing and increasingly artificial rules associated with
delivering many USDA programs, like farm subsidies and crop insurance. n36 New
farmer issues fit all types and categories of agriculture, and new farmers are a
key component of the USDA's "Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food" initiative. n37
Talking about new farmers is a versatile way to make the "Know Your Farmer"
initiative relevant to all parts of agriculture and may address the skepticism
some people have about the economic potential for expanding local food
production. It is not just about the food, it is also about the farms and
farmers, and creating new opportunities for more people to put their hands in
the land. While new farmer issues touch all parts of agriculture, one of the
most common ways to help  [*533]  new farmers get started is by expanding demand
for local food and opportunities for direct marketing, such as farmers markets.
n38 Supporting new farmers and expanding access to healthy food are in line with
the healthy eating and improved child nutrition priorities of both the USDA and
the White House. n39

   New farmer issues are largely non-controversial, or at least should be. While
some issues illuminate the fault lines or divisions between different segments
of agriculture, often on production issues such as livestock care, n40 assisting
new farmers is something all components of agriculture can support. This is true
in part because the issue is very real and personal for many people now farming,
i.e. who in your family will take over this farm or what will happen to your
land when  [*534]  your retire? Similarly, it has a personal connection to
agricultural businesses and rural institutions, i.e. who will be your customers,
borrowers, or members in the next decade? It is difficult to object to the
premise of putting more people back on the land and into rural areas. Of course,
the political reality is that some people may object to efforts to support new
farmers, perhaps viewing them as competition for land, or as a political threat.
There are significant cultural divisions between different groups in agriculture
and the same is true for different groups of potential new farmers. For example,
there is a significant contrast between the backgrounds, and most likely the
attitudes, of FFA members, n41 many who grew up on farms, and the members of the
Greenhorns, a New Agrarian group made up primarily of those who did not grow up
in agriculture but who are passionate about raising healthy food. n42 As a
result, while some in agriculture might be narrow-minded enough to dislike
certain "types" of new farmers, the majority of people will welcome new faces
into rural America and urban gardens alike.

   New farmer issues offer the USDA a rich array of opportunities for
partnerships, whether with traditional farm institutions like Farm Credit, n43
or with new partners like land trusts, rural churches and community
organizations. Land trusts and rural churches are  [*535]  important because
access to land is a critical concern for new farmers, and many of these
organizations own and control significant amounts of agricultural land. n44
These institutions arguably have a public service dimension to their work,
meaning such groups may be more amenable to projects that make land more
accessible to new farmers. A similar opportunity exists to partner with some
charitable foundations, especially those linked to higher education, such as the
land grant university foundations which aggressively seek contributions of
farmland from alumni. n45 New farmer issues are a powerful economic theme and
are one way to expand economic opportunities and stimulate the economy through
job creation and wealth building. Historically, farming played a central role in
building the nation by creating millions of independent land-based, and
land-owning, farm businesses. n46 Creating and supporting new farms can and
should be part of the nation's future economic plan. The significant growth in
the number of young people interested in farming means thousands of people, many
of whom are women, want to address the challenges relating to healthy food,
environmental sustainability, and energy production. Creating a new farm is the
ultimate green job. n47 USDA can seize on supporting new farmers as a rallying
issue and organizing theme for its employees and partners. Elevating the
dialogue and rhetoric regarding the future of farming will help define and
illuminate the nation's priorities, in particular, identifying who will produce
all the healthy food we need, and who will help steward our environment in the
sustainable future we are  [*536]  building? The following section presents some
ideas regarding how the USDA can lead this effort.

   II. Ideas for How USDA Can More Aggressively Promote New Farmer Issues

 The first step in considering how the USDA can act in a more intentional
fashion to promote "new farmers" is for the USDA to make "new farmers" a
priority, and to build an integrated and coordinated campaign around that theme.
Secretary Vilsack's goal of creating 100,000 new farmers has elevated the topic
within USDA and the nation. n48 The USDA can sustain this momentum by taking
several additional steps to coordinate various new farmer-related initiatives.
Given the traditional division of USDA programs into different agency silos,
deciding who does this and where in the Department is a challenge. However,
outside observers see the USDA as one department and not a series of agencies.
This means USDA efforts to support new farmers, including those engaged in
community based agriculture, may offer an opportunity to help dissolve some of
the agency divisions, especially if these efforts help lead to a more unified
delivery mechanism for the various agency-based programs.

   Second, the USDA should develop a detailed summary of all the programs
available for new farms, e.g., the number and amount of FSA loans, the number of
new and beginning farmers served, the amount and type of BFRDP grants awarded,
and other USDA programs, to provide a baseline of information and set a marker
to measure progress. Third, the USDA should outline a series of "next steps" it
will take for new farmers, such as plans to utilize the BFRDP, strategic
priorities for awarding future rounds of BFRDP grants, and how the Office of
Advocacy and Outreach staff will be deployed on new farmer efforts. Fourth, the
USDA can announce a series of new initiatives as they are developed, perhaps
including some proposals set out in this article, such as: appointing USDA "new
farmer agents" at the county level; awards to recognize landowners who assist
new farmers; efforts such as creating a USDA  [*537]  "office of community based
agriculture," n49 and proposals to Congress for a "new farmer title" for the
2012 Farm Bill. Taking these steps will let the USDA seize the new farmer issue,
fulfill the President's promise to the "new millennials" who helped him win
office, n50 and show another side of USDA in addition to the traditional
programs like nutrition assistance and farm programs.

   A. Changing Local Support and Awareness of New Farms

 The following are ideas for how the USDA can change the local and national
discussion about support for new farmers.

   1. Create a Network of New Farmer Agents in Local USDA Offices

 The idea here is to have someone at the local USDA level, whether in FSA, Rural
Development, Extension, or NRCS who serves as the "go-to" person for new
farmers, helps identify the resources and advice the USDA can offer, and guides
the new farmers through the Department's programs. This idea comes from the
experience of a young farmer who spoke at the Drake Forum and described her
unsuccessful experience with the local FSA office to finance expanding her
operation in Oregon. n51 Only after financing the investment on her credit card
did she learn that the local NRCS office had loans available for the same
purpose. n52 She asked why the FSA official did not lead her across the hall to
the NRCS office and inform her that these folks can help you? n53 Serving as the
local USDA "new farmer agent" could be a personally rewarding role for local
USDA employees and would offer measureable and objective outcomes, most notably
progress in adding new farmers to the locality. Many  [*538]  local USDA
employees farm, or want to, and are concerned about the future of their
communities. n54 They are in a position to know and understand USDA's programs
and can be cross-trained about the new farmer programs of other agencies. The
network of "new farmer agents" would provide a targeted audience for further
education about USDA priorities, such as local and regional food systems and
healthy eating, and could be the outlet for a "new farmer USDA toolkit." USDA
county employees know their communities and are familiar with young people who
may want to return home to farm, with retiring farmers interested in farm
succession planning, or with landowners who want to help a new farm get started.
n55 Local USDA offices and personnel can benefit from greater integration with
other community groups and could be energized by leading initiatives to insure
the future of farming in their counties and communities. Creating new farmer
agents relates to the next two ideas - new farmer advisory councils and award
programs to recognize those who assist new farmers.

[*539]

   2. Organize Local New Farmer Advisory Councils

 While USDA support for new farmers may come primarily from national programs
such as FSA lending, the actual creation of new farms is a very individual,
local decision. The factors influencing new farmers, such as the interest and
willingness of a person to take the risks, the availability of land and other
resources, and the existence of markets and enterprise opportunities are as
varied as the nation's lands and foods. Even so, the Census numbers indicating
the addition of over 100,000 new small farms in the last decade means hundreds
of new farms are created each week across the U.S. n56 Local new farm advisory
councils could be patterned to some extent on the successful experience of "food
policy councils." n57 The premise of a food policy council is to bring together
local people and representatives of institutions most interested or invested in
the future of local farming. n58 Consider the value of a group which includes
USDA officials, the FFA instructor, members of the county board of supervisors,
leaders from farm organizations, bankers, farm supply and implement dealers,
church leaders, realtors and farm managers, economic development officials, the
mayors - and others with a vested interest in the performance of farming.
Practically anyone interested in having more people live there, more kids in
school, more folks in the pews, more people producing and selling food and
commodities, and more customers for services and products, has an interest in
whether new farms are being created. The goal needs to be to not just replace
existing farms but to add new ones, i.e. not just "no-net loss," but "lets add
ten new farms" in the county this year. The value of creating local advisory
groups include: showing USDA leadership to the future; gathering people who know
the lay of the land, i.e., who wants to be a farmer, who wants to come home
after college if there are opportunities, whose land might be coming on the
market, and who is interested in helping a new farmer; and localizing the issue
of new farms. Basically, it is not a Washington problem to solve but a local
issue to address. New farm advisory councils could develop and lead campaigns
focusing on the future of farming,  [*540]  unleashing the creativity that
defines local communities. A great example is Strolling of the Heifers in
Brattleboro, Vermont, a local dairy celebration that has evolved to include a
new farmer apprentice program, a micro-loan fund with Chittenden bank, and
greater awareness of farming's importance. n59

   3. Create Award Programs to Recognize People Who Nurture New Farms

 People are motivated to act for many reasons, and receiving awards and
recognition can be one way to encourage desired activity. The idea for a "new
farm nurturer" award is based on the view that while American agriculture offers
farmers many types of awards - Century farms, n60 local conservationists, "top
corn grower," etc., no award program recognizes people for helping support a new
farmer. This could be the farm family that creates room for a son or daughter to
start farming, the retiring landowner who takes part in a land link and farm-on
program, or the landowner who enters a long-term lease with a new or young
farmer, such as the new CRP TIP program, n61 rather than auction the land for
the highest cash rent. The primary "reward" structure for older landowners now
is economic-- selling (or renting) the land for the highest amount possible.
There is little incentive for landowners or retired farmers to support the next
generation of farms if it means forgoing some immediate economic benefit.

   Comments from new farmers participating in the Drake Forum made it clear that
while we "talk a good game" about the importance of new farms, in practice we
have put little focus on projects to assist them, especially in recognizing how
critical current landowners are to the access and availability of land (and its
cost) for new farmers. n62  [*541]  While some state tax incentives for new
farmers exist, n63 a social recognition of the importance of this issue is
missing. Consider what might happen if USDA worked with partners, such as John
Deere, Pioneer Hi-Bred, Farm Credit and other companies and institutions whose
future depends on the number and type of farmers, to launch a national award and
recognition campaign, such as a "New Farm Nurturer." Such an award system could
begin at the county level, then move to statewide recognition, and conclude with
a national ceremony at the USDA, recognizing people for their special efforts to
plant the next crop of farmers. The awards could inspire and motivate owners and
local officials. Administering the awards could be the job of USDA new farmer
agents and new farmer advisory councils. An award program would not need to be
costly and any costs could be born by partners and it would also signal USDA's
concern for the future of farming, and get landowners and others to accept their
role in creating opportunities for new farms.

   B. Addressing the Costs and Economics of New Farms

 The following discussion focuses on ideas related to the economic realities of
supporting new farmers and the challenges they face in creating profitable
ventures.

   1. Support New Farmer Training and Incubator Programs

 A main theme of the Drake Forum was how projects using business incubator and
training models, such as the Farm Beginnings Initiative of the Minnesota based
Land Stewardship Project, can be effective in assisting new farmers. n64 The
programs approach the creation of new farms as a form of entrepreneurship, and
stress the importance of business planning, marketing, and other ingredients for
successful enterprises. n65 The premise of such efforts is that it cannot be
assumed that because people somehow get access to land, their hard  [*542]  work
will produce a successful farm business. The incubator programs are based on
classroom experience, but many also provide access to land so people gain real
training and experience in production and marketing. n66 For example the
successful Agricultural Land Based Training Assistance ("ALBA") project in
California focuses on training individuals who are now farm workers but who want
to become farmers, and does so by combining training with access to individual
plots of land. n67 Some programs have obtained USDA funding through BFRDP
grants, n68 but many are funded through foundations, local governments, and job
training efforts. n69 The "incubator" approach can serve as a model for
successful efforts to support new farms and create opportunities for the USDA to
partner with non-profits, farm groups, and others like land trusts and churches,
which own land to be used as "new farm incubators." The efforts could be
integrated into educational programs like FFA and urban high schools focused on
agriculture.

   2. Propose Federal Tax Credits for Landowners to Aid New Farmers

 The U.S. tax code is used to promote a wide variety of social objectives,
including many relating to farming and agriculture. n70 Section 2032a "special
use valuation" is a provision designed to assist farm estate planning by
reducing the value of farmland. n71 State agricultural development authorities
help finance beginning farmers by issuing what are commonly known as "aggie
bonds" which are exempt from federal taxation. n72 Several states, notably Iowa,
have  [*543]  enacted state income tax incentives designed to encourage the
transfer of farmland to a new generation of farmer owners. n73 Tax incentives
address two related factors that make it difficult for new farmers to acquire
land - the high costs of land and the increasing concentration of land with
older owners, non-farmers, and off-farm heirs. n74 High land values n75 combined
with tax incentives that may encourage owners to hold farmland until their death
to obtain a step-up in basis, i.e. having the land valued at its current higher
price rather than the price when acquired to avoid capital gains taxes, create
disincentives for land to be marketed or for it to be offered to new or
beginning farmers when it is. The Iowa law, which could be a model for federal
provisions, offers a tax credit to an owner who sells or leases the land to a
qualified beginning farmer. n76 The potential public cost is the loss of taxes,
but if land is not going to come on the market for decades - or be passed
through an estate with limited tax exposure - the real costs may be minimal.
However, the effect could be significant if it induces more transactions,
including inter-family transfers, in which new and beginning farmers (and
younger landowners) have access to land. The USDA could study the idea for
inclusion in the 2012 Farm Bill "new farmer title."

   3. Support Federal Funding for State "Land Link" Efforts

 Perhaps the most widely utilized and successful state based initiatives helping
new farmers in the U.S. are the "farm-on" or land-link matching programs, which
are designed to pair people interested in becoming farmers with landowners
interested in retiring and  [*544]  transitioning their farm to a new family.
n77 Many programs, such as those in Pennsylvania, Iowa, and California, have
been in existence for twenty years and are patterned after work in Nebraska by
the Center for Rural Affairs. n78 The projects help educate new farmers on
creating successful ventures and educate older farmers and landowners about the
value of succession planning, i.e. planning for what will happen to the farm and
land when the current owners retire or die. n79 The programs have experienced
success, but the number of successful matches is relatively limited due to
problems associated with funding for the efforts and the scale of the
initiatives based on existing staff, as well as the challenges of creating
business transition plans between unrelated individuals and the economics of
farming and landownership. n80

   State "land link" programs are funded through a variety of foundation grants,
state appropriations, USDA grants such as BFRDP, fees for services, and other
sources. n81 In most situations, the funding is neither sufficient nor stable
enough to develop the staffing and programs needed to reach either the growing
audience of older landowners or those interested in farming. To resolve this
problem, one solution may be for the USDA to provide grant or matching funds to
states with land link programs. These programs would not be part of the USDA,
but would function at the state and local level, using USDA funding to provide
the resources needed to expand. The model for the USDA to fund such programs may
be the debt  [*545]  mediation efforts developed during the 1980's farm crisis,
still funded in part through FSA. n82

   4. Use Existing Authorities Creatively: NRCS High Tunnel Pilot Shows
Potential for USDA Innovation

 In 2009, the USDA, acting through the Natural Resources Conservation Service
("NRCS"), implemented an innovative three-year pilot program providing small
grants and cost sharing to farmers for the construction of high tunnels - or low
cost greenhouse structures. n83 The program, officially known as the "NRCS
Seasonal High Tunnel Pilot Program," was available in the forty-three states
that chose to participate. n84 The program proved to be very popular, and by
January 2011 over 2,400 hoop house contracts worth over thirteen million dollars
were signed for Fiscal Year 2010. n85 The pilot program, which includes special
incentives for the participation of beginning farmers, is an innovative example
of how the USDA can use existing programs, in this case the Environmental
Quality Incentives Program ("EQIP"), to assist farmers working to expand their
growing season. n86 It is probably the most important example of recent USDA
innovative efforts to support new farmers and producers involved in direct
marketing. This program was implemented using existing funding and authority,
and because high tunnels are used to extend the season for growing fresh
produce, it relates to expanding direct farm marketing opportunities, often by
small farmers. The important question raised by the high tunnel example is what
other opportunities exist to use USDA programs to support new farmers? The most
effective way to help the USDA  [*546]  answer this question is to engage USDA
employees, perhaps using the same type of intra-agency initiative used to
develop the Know Your Food, Know Your Farmer campaign. n87

   III. Challenges and Opportunities for New Farmer Policy Initiatives: Three
Examples of Innovative Legal Approaches

 Efforts to support new farmers face a variety of policy challenges, including:
helping them build the equity needed to begin farming, providing training and
education for people with no background in farming, increasing their access to
farmland through innovative leases or purchases, and developing profitable
marketing opportunities for their products. In many ways, efforts to create
opportunities for new farmers reflect the full range of legal issues involved in
food and agriculture. As a result, policy makers are faced with significant
challenges when considering what to do, or at least what to do first. While the
challenges relating to new farmer policy are broad, the good news is that all
across the nation individuals and organizations are working to address
particular dimensions of the new farmer policy puzzle. This section presents
three examples of innovative legal and policy developments that may address
aspects of the new farmer challenge: 1) developing comprehensive local policies
to support new farmers through the work of food policy councils, 2) creating a
market based and consumer driven initiative to generate financial support for
new farmers, and 3) creating incentives for farmers to offer intentional
training and education for prospective new farmers while satisfying state labor
law requirements for farm employees.

   A. Ten Ways Local Food Policy Councils Can Support for New Farmers

 One result of the growing consumer and political interest in food is that in
the last year a number of major U.S. cities, including New York, Baltimore,
Seattle, San Francisco, Kansas City, Memphis and Los Angeles, have undertaken
policy initiatives designed to promote  [*547]  urban agriculture and encourage
people interested in producing food. n88 These cities have all enacted new
"urban agriculture" zoning ordinances, n89 or announced studies of their food
systems. n90 Many of these efforts involve creating a "food policy council," an
officially sanctioned body of representatives consisting of both public
officials and private citizens, drawn from across the local food and agriculture
sector. n91 The council is typically charged with evaluating the economic and
political landscape relating to the community's or region's food system, and
providing reports and policy recommendations to the responsible political body.
n92 New food policy councils and attention to urban agriculture combine to
create an opportunity to examine how efforts to support new farmers can be made
part of that work. These developments present new audiences and officials who
may be able to assist the USDA and others in working to support new farmers. n93
Important work using food policy councils is also underway by many Native
American tribes, who see  [*548]  the councils playing key roles in developing
policies to promote healthy eating and food access, and support for new farmers.
n94

   The increase in the number of local food policy councils and the attention to
urban agriculture within communities creates an important opportunity to
consider how supporting new farming operations can be part of that work. The
question is, how can a food policy council create opportunities for new farmers?
Below are ten possible answers.

   1. Identify New Farmers as One of the Key Issues or Priorities

 As food policy councils work on healthy food access questions related to
creating new food enterprises and supporting new farmers, the underlying issue
remains who will raise (and market) all this healthy food? Identifying the "new
farmer" issue as being within the jurisdiction of the council is an important
first step to raise awareness and attention. A follow-up step could then be to
focus a task force or committee on the topic, depending on how the council
organizes its work.

   2. Include Creating Financial Opportunities For Farmers, Both Existing and
New, as a Goal

 For there to be healthy food there must be farmers. For farmers to thrive they
need real income and profits. This means efforts to expand the markets and
income producing opportunities for farmers, such as through direct marketing,
are central to any local food system. A council should not let the tension
between improving food access and the price of food (which some people may
equate with the prices and profits farmers receive) prevent it from paying
attention to the needs of farmers. By focusing on the expansion of direct
marketing, a council can address food access, and at the same time focus on
marketing techniques that are attractive to new farmers. To successfully create
new farmers, existing farmers must succeed financially. The experience in most
communities is that efforts to  [*549]  expand direct marketing for farmers help
generate additional markets and opportunities for food access. n95

   3. Survey and Identify Existing New Farmer Related Efforts

 There may already be groups or organizations focusing on new farmer issues in
an area, such as community gardening and urban agriculture efforts, the work of
the local USDA Extension office, or a local school FFA chapter. By identifying
the existing capacity and interest in serving new farmers, the council can
partner with other groups and incorporate their work into the more comprehensive
goals of the council. If there is a "buy fresh buy local" food marketing
initiative in the region or a state-run "land link" program to match landowners
with prospective farmers, there may already be some form of new farmer effort
for the council to contact for information. n96

   4. Inventory the Remaining Agricultural Infrastructure

 To understand what opportunities may exist to expand local food production and
support new farmers, it is important to understand the health and structure of
the existing farming economy. By studying what resources are in place - for
example processing, markets, needed services such as feed and veterinarians,
USDA county offices, farm organizations, agricultural lenders, and Extension
programs - the council can better understand the potential to help create and
support new farmers, as well as identify the resources and institutions in place
for future cooperation. It is important to remember that supporting new farms
takes more than just farmers; it also requires a whole system and infrastructure
of services and suppliers that make it possible for farms to operate
efficiently.

   5. Inventory and Identify Available Land Resources

 Land is the key to farming and food production, and land access is a critical
barrier for new farmers. n97 The council can identify land that  [*550]  may be
available for farming. For example, the council could do an inventory of
available public land, such as the "Diggable City" study conducted by students
from Portland State University for the Portland-Multnomah County Food Policy
Council. n98 The land may be in the city or nearby and it may be under private
ownership. Additionally, it could be land held by the public, such as local
schools. Sometimes "vacant" land may be owned by an institution, such as a land
trust or church, interested in supporting new farmers and food production. The
council can consider trying to implement a local version of a "land link"
program that creates a way for owners of farmland, such as farmers planning to
retire, to be put into contact with people interested in trying to farm.

   6. Create a Robust Urban Agriculture Policy

 One motivation for creating many local food policy councils has been the desire
to focus official attention on the opportunities to expand urban agriculture and
producing food within the city. n99 While urban agriculture may function on a
smaller scale than typically considered when thinking about new farmers, one of
the opportunities associated with urban agriculture is to expand the context and
understanding of who is a farmer and what a farm may look like. By considering
how urban agriculture can create new farm and food enterprises, the policy can
be much broader than simply expanding opportunities for more community garden
plots. The example of Will Allen and Growing Power in Milwaukee is vivid proof
of how urban agriculture efforts can offer the city many opportunities and how
urban farms can be important assets for a stronger, more sustainable community.
n100

[*551]

   7. Develop Programs to Recruit and Train New Farmers

 If the council can successfully identify opportunities for new farmers, then a
key step will be to recruit, train and support new farmers. There are many
examples of successful new farmer incubator and training projects in the
country, many working in urban areas, such as the Angelic Organic Learning
Center near Chicago. n101 In some communities farmers markets are leading
efforts to recruit and train new farmers, such as the work of New York City
Grows and the Greenmarkets with the New Farmer Development Project. n102 Cities
can also develop innovative programs designed to attract new farming residents,
such as low cost access to vacant lots or a new urban homestead effort.

   8. Link with Schools in Efforts to Support New Farmers

 A key component of any food policy council's work will be attention to the food
systems of local schools, both from the perspective of nutrition and education
but also as potential markets for locally grown food, known as "farm to school"
efforts. n103 Schools can provide an important market for institutional
purchases of locally grown and processed food and can be important partners in
helping grow a local farm and food sector. n104 The schools may also be able to
take part in programs like the new Food Corps Initiative, under which AmeriCorps
volunteers help support school gardens and food related projects. n105 These
gardens can be important training grounds for new farmers.

[*552]

   9. Expand Opportunities for Direct Marketing

 It is difficult to overstate the importance of direct marketing, such as
farmers markets and community supported agriculture (CSA or subscription farms),
in the efforts to improve local food systems. These versatile and flexible
marketing techniques provide ways to help improve access to food, to bring food
into neighborhoods where traditional markets don't exist, and to connect local
residents with farmers. Communities are increasingly using various forms of
direct marketing to improve access to healthy food and to provide various forms
of food assistance such as Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP)
benefits, or what are often referred to as food stamps. n106 Because direct
marketing has low barriers to entry, meaning it does not cost much to be
involved, this form of marketing is especially important to new farmers and to
food entrepreneurs. n107 A council can undertake a study of the forms and
distribution of direct marketing outlets to identify how they can be best
expanded. Many city policies, such as when and where to run bus lines and the
process for accessing public property to start a farmers market, can have a
direct impact on the success of direct farm marketing. n108

   10. Address New Food Entrepreneurs and Artisans as Well as New Farmers

 While there is a growing interest on the part of many people, young and old, to
become farmers, many others are taking an interest in food production and
marketing. n109 The idea of opening a bakery,  [*553]  making wine or cheese,
being a beekeeper, or any of the many other ways food can be processed and
marketed is a dream held by a countless number of people, including many looking
for second careers or the chance to turn a hobby into a business as they
consider retirement. By keeping in mind how local policy impacts the ability and
willingness of people to invest in new food based businesses, as well as
influence the success of new entrepreneurs, a food policy council can help
expand the food system and stimulate additional jobs and economic opportunities.

   B. The New Farmer Fund - Innovation to Support Private Funding for New
Farmers

 Insights from the Drake Forum make it clear there are several common issues
associated with current efforts to support new farmers, regardless of the size,
type or location of the farms involved. n110 These issues include: access to
land on affordable terms; the amount of equity new farmers can bring to the
enterprise; and the availability of training and educational programs to give
new farmers the skills and tools, including business planning, marketing, and
risk management, needed to create and operate successful businesses. These
issues are especially challenging when working with non-traditional audiences of
potential new farmers, such as urban gardeners and people coming from a non-farm
background. Tribal members, immigrants and minorities, many who come from an
agrarian tradition, may also experience significant challenges in accessing
land, equity and training. Another critical obstacle facing efforts to support
new farmers concerns the funding and institutional support of the organizations
taking leading roles in this work. The capacity of non-profit organizations to
develop innovative programs, such as incubator farms and new farmer training, is
limited by funding. The new BFRDP grant program from the USDA has opened an
important source of possible funding, but it is still limited. n111

   The Drake Agricultural Law Center's work on new farmer issues suggests a
growing public recognition of the need to help and assist new farmers. News
reports about trends in land ownership mean the  [*554]  public is becoming
aware of the aging farm population, and how the challenges faced by new farmers
may compromise efforts to maintain a vibrant farm and food sector in the U.S.
n112 This public sentiment may be favorable to innovative efforts to generate
and provide support for new farmers, if such mechanisms can be developed. Part
of the public interest in assisting new farmers is directly related to the
surging consumer interest in purchasing local foods, such as from farmers
markets. However, there are currently few, if any, direct or effective ways for
consumer interest in supporting new farmers to be channeled to support such
efforts. While consumers can shop at farmers markets or look for other ways to
identify and buy from individual farmers, such as at road-side farm stands,
there is no mechanism for a consumer to make market choices in conventional
grocery stores to support new farmers.

   As a result, there is an opportunity to research, develop, and test a
prototype for a consumer-oriented and market driven (and funded) initiative to
support a wider range of innovative training, education, land access, and equity
building programs for new farmers. Such a fund would supplement the existing,
but limited, public sources of support at the local, state and federal level for
new farmer initiatives. It may promote efforts affecting potential audiences of
new farmers who have not traditionally received significant public attention or
support, including minorities, tribal members, immigrants, women, and urban
farmers and gardeners.

   The Drake University Agricultural Law Center is now working to develop such a
"New Farmer Fund" (the "Fund"). n113 The idea for the Fund is that it will be
generated through the support of consumers, businesses, and others, largely
through the involvement of companies marketing foods, agricultural inputs, and
related products, and through the involvement of other businesses, corporations
and foundations with a stake in the future of American agriculture. The funding
mechanism may employ the concept of "eco-labeling," i.e. a  [*555]  label
designation noting the participation in the fund, and other forms of social
marketing to create an identifiable logo or point of purchase mechanism whereby
consumers know that a portion of the proceeds from their purchase will support
new farmer initiatives. Companies and marketers can participate in the New
Farmer Fund through adding the designation on the label of products or through
other advertising and communication methods. The involvement of companies and
products will be non-exclusive, meaning a variety of participating members, and
flexible, meaning the Fund can be focused by geography, type of new farmer
organization, or other factors. This flexibility means a national company could
use the label, but local companies could also participate and see that the funds
they help generate are used to support new farmer initiatives in their area. The
overarching goal is to create public awareness and support in the market place
for "new farmer" activities.

   The Fund's purpose will be to provide a potential source of financing for
non-profits and other organizations serving new farmers. These groups include
organizations operating new farmer training programs and incubator farms, as
well as state and local programs linking retiring farmers and landowners with
new farmers. The Fund will supplement existing funding sources the organizations
are able to access, to support their work through fund raising, public funding
or charging fees for services. The Fund will be non-exclusive and scale-able,
meaning it can expand as the range of companies and products participating in it
grow. Similarly, access to the Fund can be expanded both geographically and in
the number of new farmers served based on the growth of the Fund. Organizations
supporting new farmers could be able to access the Fund by meeting a set of
project requirements Established by the organizers. Similarly, new farmers may
be able to participate in the Fund directly through involvement in the education
and training efforts conducted by participating organizations. Existing farmers
who are offering training programs for new farmers, such as through
apprenticeships and internships may also participate in the Fund.

   The exact details of the Fund's operation, including the funding mechanism,
the design and operation of the consumer support mechanism, the eligibility
guidelines for participation by non-profits, and the nature of the new farmer
support efforts, will be developed and refined over the course of the project.
The Fund may include a program to provide matching funds for groups working with
[*556]  individual new farmers participating in qualified individual development
account ("IDA") equity building initiatives. n114 IDAs supplement the savings of
the participating new farmers to build equity to make a significant investment
in the farming operation, such as land or equipment. n115 New farmers who
complete a training and education program and who save the required amount are
provided with matching funds to leverage their equity. Several groups working
with new farmers, such as the Practical Farmers of Iowa and California Farm Link
n116 have developed IDA programs and this model appears to be a promising and
successful method for building equity for new farmers. Congress included the IDA
approach in the 2008 Farm Bill as a pilot program but it has not yet been
funded. n117 Another financing mechanism the Fund may employ is in the form of
micro-enterprise loans, such as the project developed by the Harvest Initiative
for small businesses at the Crow Creek Sioux Reservation in South Dakota. n118
The organizations participating in the Fund will be expected to offer education
and training programs in connection with their efforts, and will be required to
include education on various aspects of risk management, record keeping and
business management in the programs. By linking the provision of supplemental
IDA funding to the delivery of education and training, the efforts to support
new farmers should be more successful in creating viable farming operations. In
addition, other ideas for  [*557]  utilizing the Fund, such as possible support
for existing farmers who offer internships and apprentice training
opportunities, will be examined in the project.

   The New Farmer Fund project seeks to develop a prototype for testing the
potential to generate market-based financial support to supplement private
efforts for identifying, training and supporting new farmers. Creating an
identifiable market-based mechanism recognized by consumers, businesses, and
others should help support a wide range of groups and organizations working to
identify, train and assist new farmers. Testing the Fund prototype with food
companies, agricultural businesses, and foundations will help create new
partners for these organizations while developing stronger links between
different components of the food and agricultural sectors interested in
supporting new farmers. Integrating education and training on business skills,
risk management and marketing will assist new farmers and improve their
likelihood for success.

   C. Farm School Idea - Addressing the Legal Challenges of On-Farm Intern
Relations

 Many of the people interested in farming did not grow up in agriculture, and
did not receive the training and education that accompanies growing up in a farm
family. This means many potential new farmers have a steep learning curve when
it comes to food production. This lack of experience places a premium on the
existence of programs that give prospective farmers opportunities for hands-on
experience, while testing their interest and desire to become farmers. At the
same time, many farmers involved in producing fruit and vegetables for local
markets face challenges in locating dependable and affordable labor. n119 These
producers know there are many people who want experience growing food, often
because these people contact the farmers seeking the chance to learn how to
farm. As a result, many U.S. farms now offer "internships" or  [*558]
"apprenticeships" to people who want to work on the farm and learn how to raise
and market food. n120

   These "internships" typically involve some form of payment or stipend, as
well as housing. n121 In most cases the internships are not considered
employment, at least by the farmers and the interns involved, but instead are
considered to be a form of education. n122 As a result, farmers don't typically
comply with state or federal wage and hour laws. n123 The argument is twofold,
in that 1) the interns do not deserve a full wage because they are essentially
trainees, and 2) part of the value of the internship is the opportunity to learn
how to farm. While both arguments are valid, for most purposes state labor
officials generally view these "internships" as employment relationships, and
take a dim view of the farmers' failure to comply with the wage and hour laws.
n124 In the last year, labor officials in a number of Western states have taken
action against farms using "internships," and as a result farmers in many states
are concerned about their ability to utilize this form of assistance. n125
Similarly,  [*559]  many young people who want the opportunity to learn how to
farm are concerned their opportunities to do so are being foreclosed.

   The nation needs new models focused on educating and training new farmers,
rather than simply meeting the labor needs of existing farms. There is a
critical need for farm training, and farmers need access to renewable sources of
committed workers. Internships have become the most direct and significant way
to "train" new farmers, especially in areas related to direct farm marketing and
organic production. n126 While internships are common, there is great variation
in how they are structured and what interns "learn." n127 As a result, there is
a need to increase and standardize the "education" content of internships to
make them more valuable for the interns, while limiting the "exploitive"
potential. Regardless of the arguments in favor of offering unpaid internships,
if the people are in fact "employees" then farmers must comply with state and
federal labor laws concerning: record keeping, registering workers, wage and
hours, withholding, workers compensation, and housing rules. n128 Farmers need
to avoid the legal risks and costs associated with the threat of labor
investigations and enforcement. This means there is reason to identify
responsible ways to structure internships. Doing so may increase the number and
diversity of internships available, helping both the interns and the farm
community address labor and training issues.

   One approach is to amend the state labor laws to provide an exception for
farm internships. Washington used this approach in 2010, when it enacted a
two-year pilot program that legally sanctions on-farm internships. n129 But the
Washington program's restrictions and cumbersome application process resulted in
no farms using the  [*560]  law in 2010. n130 Another approach is to increase
the education and awareness about the application of state laws to farm
internships, as in Oregon, where the state department of agriculture provides an
extensive web site addressing the common questions in the relations. n131

   Another possible answer is for farms or organizations to consider developing
a "farm school" system combining legal employment with an intentional education
program. The intern is treated and paid as an employee for the work, but the
intern also pays the farm some form of tuition for the training. For example, a
"farm-school" model could be based on the intern being "employed" and paid
according to state law for the majority of the week, e.g. thirty-two hours. The
intern is also considered a "student" on the farm and is paying some form of
tuition or payment in exchange for the education, training and experience, e.g.
eight hours of class each week and market experience. Under this model, the
farmer develops a "curriculum" and plan for the education and internship, taking
the student through the range of activities and experiences on the farm. The
farmer could use a portion of the income from the training and education to
comply with labor laws and pay required wages. To make the model work, the
parties should enter into an employment and education contract, detailing the
plan for the labor, education and training. The education and training could be
provided by an affiliated non-profit organization or nearby educational
institution, if one exists.

   People interested in developing a farm school model must consider many legal
issues such as: state labor laws and minimum wage laws; state employee
registration rules; record keeping and withholding requirements; state
regulation of educational activities and registration/licensing requirements
associated with farms offering classes; developing the employment and education
contract detailing the relationship; land use regulations (such as zoning laws
and whether farms will be treated as businesses for zoning purposes if they
become schools); business creation and registration issues and the possible need
to created a separate business; insurance issues in  [*561]  relation to the
employee-students and for the business; housing issues (if the relationship
includes some form of housing and compliance with housing codes); and the
relation between the farm and any institution or non-profit involved with the
internship, as to liability for accidents, provision of the education, and
insuring compliance with legal requirements. n132

   IV. Conclusion - Healthy Food and Direct Marketing Are Vital for New Farmers

 This Article has focused on the exciting opportunities presented by a
generation of New Agrarians who want to be part of America's food and farming
future. In the context of a symposium focused on expanding regional foodsheds
and local food systems, support for new farmers represents a bridge to the
future. Many who are interested in becoming farmers today will be the people
producing the healthy food tomorrow that will drive local economies and satisfy
consumer demand for fresh local food. While this Article considers the issue of
new farmers largely through a national lens and examines the role of the USDA,
it is important to recognize the work at the state and local levels to develop
innovative food policies and programs. The New York City region is an excellent
example of the convergence of innovative programs by local food related
institutions, notably the New York City Greenmarkets, New Farmer Development
Project and the work of the Glynwood Center to  [*562]  support farming and food
production in the Hudson Valley. n133 However, in addition to these groups, the
city and state are awash with policy statements, reports, and proposals from
city and state officials to improve the food and farming system of the city and
region. n134

   This surge in food policy activity is further evidence of how the awareness
of the importance of access to healthy foods and improving America's diet and
nutrition is bringing new energy to our food and farm policy discussions.
Promoting local food production and direct farm marketing improves the
nutritional health of the nation. There is a critical link between expanding
opportunities for direct farm marketing and supporting new farmers. Many of
those interested in farming are motivated by the opportunity to raise food and
sell it to members of their communities. n135 Many see food production as a form
of public service, and want to enlist in providing a better food future for the
nation. n136 In this regard it is possible to view new farmers as essential
partners in the work many individuals and institutions are doing to improve
America's health. Policies that expand direct marketing of fresh produce and
improve food access, especially for low-income citizens and under-served
communities, are central to the future of food and farming in the U.S.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
GovernmentsAgriculture & FoodProduct PromotionGovernmentsLocal
GovernmentsFinancePublic Health & Welfare LawFood & NutritionNutrition Programs
for Children

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  This Article grows out of the Center's work on new farmers and is designed
to identify ideas for how the USDA and other organizations can consider new
initiatives to assist new farmers. It was developed for a symposium held by the
Fordham Environmental Law Review. It is the result of extensive travels and
research conducted during the 2010-11 school year on a sabbatical from my
teaching responsibilities at Drake University Law School. The Article represents
the third installment in a related series of essays written during this period,
all dealing with the future of America's food and agricultural system. Readers
are encouraged to consult the other two companion articles. Neil D. Hamilton,
Moving Toward Food Democracy: Better Food, New Farmers and the Myth of Feeding
the World, 16 Drake J. Agric. L. (forthcoming 2011); Neil D. Hamilton, Farms,
Food and the Future: Legal Issues and Fifteen Years of the "New Agriculture," 26
J. Envtl. L. & Litig. (forthcoming 2011).





n2.  See, e.g., Isolde Raftery, In New Food Culture, A Young Generation of
Farmers Emerges, N.Y. Times, Mar. 6, 2011, at A19.





n3.  See Alec Appelbaum, Growing with the Crops, Nearby Property Values: Organic
Farms as Subdivisions Amenities, N.Y. Times, July 1, 2009, at B9; Kim Severson,
Old McDonald Had an Intern? Summer Jobs are Going Organic, N.Y. Times, May 24,
2009, at A1; Elizabeth Weise, On Tiny Plots, a New Generation of Farmers
Emerges, USA Today, July 14, 2009, at A1.





n4.  See, e.g., Andrew Martin, Is a Food Revolution Now in Season?, N.Y. Times,
Mar. 21, 2009, at BU1.





n5.  See Black Farmers & Urban Gardeners Conf., http://www.blackfarmersconf.org
(last visited May 6, 2011).





n6.  See YF Conference, Stone Barns Ctr. for Food & Agric.,
http://www.stonebarnscenter.org/our-work/young-farmers-initiative (last visited
May 8, 2011). The Young Farmer Conference was part of the Stone Barns initiative
on supporting new farmers. Id.





n7.  The Drake Agricultural Law Center has implemented a new research initiative
on policies to support the next generation of America's farmers. As part of this
work, the Center organized a two-day national conference "The Drake Forum:
America's New Farmers: Policy Innovations & Opportunities" held in Washington DC
on March 4 and 5, 2010. The Forum, cosponsored by USDA Risk Management Agency,
Farm Credit, the Leopold Center for Sustainable Agriculture, and others,
attracted over 200 attendees from forty states. See Beginning Farmers, Drake Law
School, http://www.law.drake.edu/centers/agLaw/ (last modified Mar. 17, 2011)
(follow "Beginning Farmers" hyperlink) (containing information from the Forum
such as pod casts of the fifty speakers, including remarks by Secretary
Vilsack). As part of Drake's focus on new farmer issues the Law School offers a
one-credit summer class on America's New Farmers - Legal and Policy
Opportunities. Detailed Information for Agricultural Law Curriculum, Drake Law
School,
http://www.law.drake.edu/academics/docs/areasofSpecialization-legisAg2011.pdf
(last visited May 15, 2011).





n8.  See Farmer Jane, http://www.farmerjane.org (last visited May 3, 2011).





n9.  See Beginning Farmers, supra note 7.





n10.  An example of an organization working to address the economic and policy
needs of women farmers and landowners is the Women, Food, and Agriculture
Network, headquartered in Iowa. See Women, Food, & Agric. Network,
http://www.wfan.org (last visited May 7, 2011).





n11.  See Patricia Leigh Brown, Helping Soldiers Trade Their Swords for Plows,
N.Y. Times, Feb. 6, 2011, at A18. There are organizations working to improve the
farming opportunities for veterans, for example the Veterans Farmer Coalition.
USDA can partner with them to identify other concerns of veterans, as well as
coordinate support with the Department of Defense and the Veterans
Administration. See Farmer Vet. Coal., http://www.farmvetco.org (last visited
May 1, 2011); see also 2011 USDA Funded Farmer-Veteran Retreats Set in Four
States, Beginning Farmers (Feb. 21, 2011),
http://www.beginningfarmers.org/2011-usda-funded-farmer-veteran-retreats-set-in-
four-states.





n12.  The topic of urban agriculture has been the subject of several recent
legal articles. See, e.g., Catherine J. LaCroix, Urban Agriculture and Other
Green Uses: Remaking the Shrinking City, 42 Urb. Law. 225 (2010); Kathryn A.
Peters, Creating a Sustainable Urban Agriculture Revolution, 25 J. Envtl. L. &
Litig. 203 (2010). One of the best sources of information about the growth of
urban agriculture in the U.S. is the Kansas City Center for Urban Agriculture.
Kansas City Ctr. for Urban Agric., http://www.cultivatekc.org/ (last visited May
25, 2011).





n13.  See Neil D. Hamilton, Farms, Food and the Future: Legal Issues and Fifteen
Years of the "New Agriculture," 26 J. Envtl. L. & Litig. (forthcoming 2011)
(discussing at length the issue of urban agriculture and the range of cities
taking steps to support it).





n14.  See Patricia E. Salkin, Feeding the Locavores, One Chicken at a Time:
Regulating Backyard Chickens, 34 Zoning & Plan. L. Rep. 1 (2011) (providing a
comprehensive review of the legal issues associated with urban poultry
production).





n15.  See, e.g., Nat'l Agric. Stat. Serv., U.S. Dep't Agric., 2007 Census of
Agriculture 216 tbl.63 (2007), available at
http://www.agcensus.usda.gov/Publications/2007/Full_Report/usv1.pdf (revealing
an increase in the total number of farmers, with the largest increases coming in
the categories of lower sales).





n16.  See Richard Florida, The Rise of the Creative Class (2002) (regarding how
new people with different social and personal goals can help transform the
economy and personality of a region); Paul H. Ray & Ruth Anderson, Cultural
Creatives: How Fifty Million People Are Changing the World (2000) (defining the
concept of "cultural creatives").





n17.  See Ben Hewitt, The Town That Food Saved: How One Community Found Vitality
in Local Food (2009) (discussing how farms and food-based businesses can help
drive local economic development in rural areas).





n18.  See Neil D. Hamilton, Farming an Uncertain Climate Future: What COP 15
Means for Agriculture, 2011 U. Ill. L. Rev. 341 (2011) (discussing the views of
much of the traditional farm sector to climate change).





n19.  See, e.g., Perry Beaman, Farm Runoff Blamed for Fouled Waterways, Des
Moines Reg., Sept. 28, 2010, at B2 (quoting Rick Robinson the environmental
policy staffer of the Iowa Farm Bureau Federation as saying "People who point
fingers at farmer are behind the times, the discussion has moved on to what is
cost-effective"). For a discussion of the role of law in creating a duty of
stewardship on the part of landowners see generally Neil D. Hamilton, Feeding
Our Green Future: Legal Responsibilities and Sustainable Agricultural Land
Tenure, 13 Drake J. Agric. L. 377, 382 (2008).





n20.  The idea of a "national new farmer corps", proposed by the author in
November 2008, would treat farming as a form of public service and continues to
attract considerable interest. See Neil Hamilton, Obama Should Launch a New
Farmer Corps, Des Moines Reg., Dec. 1, 2008, at 7A. The idea helped generate
support for a "Food Corps" initiative now being funded as an Ameri-corps pilot
project to place individuals with schools working on farm-to-school and school
garden projects.





n21.  Id.





n22.  Id.





n23.  See, e.g., Ralph Gardner, Jr., At Midlife, Called to a New Field, N.Y.
Times, July 3, 2008, at F1.





n24.  See Hamilton, supra note 20.





n25.  See Farm Bill Oversight: Hearing Before the S. Comm. on Agric., Nutrition
& Forestry, 111th Cong. 7-8 (2010) (statement of Hon. Tom Vilsack, Sec'y of U.S.
Dep't of Agric.), available at
http://www.farmpolicy.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/Senate-Ag-Committee-Hearing
_10_June_30-FINAL.pdf. When Secretary of Agriculture Vilsack appeared before the
Senate Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry at a Farm Bill Oversight
Hearing on June 30, 2010, the Secretary departed from his prepared remarks and
articulated his concern about the declining farm population and the need to
revitalize rural America. The Secretary made a bold proposal to Congress:



   Let me suggest one idea that this committee might consider... .Why not set as
a goal for the 2012 Farm Bill the ability to add at least 100,000 additional
farmers in the area of the small farming and commercial operations? Why not
establish local advisory councils in communities across the country to identify,
recruit, encourage and assist young people to consider a life of farming? Id.







n26.  See Farm Loan Programs, Farm Serv. Agency, U. S. Dep't of Agric.,
http://www.fsa.usda.gov/FSA/webapp?area=home&subject=fmlp&topic=bfl (last
updated May 12, 2011) (for information on the range of lending programs USDA FSA
offers to support new and beginning farmers).





n27.  U.S. Gov't Accountability Office, GAO-07-1130, Beginning Farmers:
Additional Steps Needed to Demonstrate the Effectiveness of USDA Assistance 4-5
(2007), http://www.gao.gov/new.items/d071130.pdf. The USDA response to the GAO
suggestions was largely non-responsive. The GAO noted that the



   USDA did not discuss the need for further analysis of (1) beginning farmer
characteristics, (2) gaps in beginning farmer assistance, and (3) the effects of
beginning farmer policies on farm entry and the age of farmers. Such analysis
could help USDA define the outcomes it expects its beginning farmer assistance
to achieve and develop a cross cutting, departmental strategic goal to measure
success. Id. at 23-24.







n28.  See Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008, Pub. L. No. 110-246, 122
Stat. 1651 (2008). In addition to these examples, the USDA has a broad array of
other existing programs relating to new farmers, including the Farm Service
Agency (FSA) targeted lending programs, a key source of direct and guaranteed
lending to farmers, which earmark significant funds for new farmers; youth
loans, smaller FSA loans for youth between 12 and 20 for use in supervised
agricultural projects; and implementing Departmental Regulation 9700-001,
detailing support for small farms and new and beginning farmers. See FSA
Administered Programs, Farm Serv. Agency, U. S. Dep't of Agric.,
http://www.apfo.usda.gov/FSA/stateoffapp?mystate=wa&area=home&subject=prog&topic
=landing (last modified Dec. 16, 2010).





n29.  See Grants, Nat'l Inst. of Food & Agric., U. S. Dep't of Agric.,
www.csrees.usda.gov/fo/beginningfarmerandrancher.cfm (last modified May 19,
2011); see also Farm Loan Programs: Advisory Committee, Farm Serv. Agency, U. S.
Dep't of Agric.,
http://www.fsa.usda.gov/FSA/webapp?area=home&subject=fmlp&topic=bfl-er (last
modified May 3, 2010) (providing information about the legislative authority for
the committee).





n30.  See 2008 NRCS Farm Bill Conservation Programs, Nat. Res. Conserv.
Serv.,U.S. Dep't of Agric.,
http://www.nrcs.usda.gov/programs/farmbill/2008/index.html (last visited June 5,
2011).





n31.  See Farm Serv. Agency, U.S. Dep't of Agric, Fact Sheet, Conservation
Reserve Program (CRP) - Transition Incentives Program (TIP) (2010), available at
http://www.fsa.usda.gov/Internet/FSA_File/tip051410.pdf.





n32.  News Release, U. S. Dep't of Agric., Secretary Vilsack Appoints Members to
Beginning Farmer Committee, '(Aug. 12, 2010),
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?contentidonly=true&contentid=2010/0
8/0405.xml. Traci Bruckner from the Center for Rural Affairs in Nebraska was
appointed to chair the USDA Beginning Farmer and Rancher Advisory Committee at
the December 2010 meeting. See News Release, Ctr. for Rural Affairs, Bruckner
Named Chair of Beginning Farmer and Rancher Advisory Committee (Dec. 16, 2010),
http://www.cfra.org/newsrelease/2010/12/16/bruckner-named-chair-beginning-farmer
-and-rancher-advisory-committee. The Center for Rural Affairs has a long history
of developing innovative programs to support new farmers, many of which have
become models for use in other states. See About the Center for Rural Affairs,
Ctr. for Rural Affairs, http://www.cfra.org/about (last visited June 4, 2011).





n33.  See Off. of Budget & Program Analysis, U. S. Dep't of Agric., Departmental
Management Office of Advocacy and Outreach Explanatory Notes 6-1, 6-5 (2011),
available at http://www.obpa.usda.gov/06oao2011notes.pdf.





n34.  See CDFA Spotlight: Aggie Bonds, Council of Dev. Fin. Agencies,
http://www.cdfa.net/cdfa/cdfaweb.nsf/pages/cdfafactsheetaggiebonds.html (last
visited June 2, 2011). "Aggie Bonds" are tax-exempt bonds issued in connection
with state programs to finance the purchase of land by qualified beginning
farmers. Id. See Iowa Agric. Dev. Auth., http://www.iada.state.ia.us (last
visited June 3, 2011) (providing a comprehensive discussion of these programs).
Many states offer programs to support new farmers. See, e.g., Resources for New
and Aspiring Farmers, State Agric. Dev. Comm., State of N.J. Dep't of Agric.
http://www.nj.gov/agriculture/sadc/farmlink/resources/newfarmers.html (last
visited June 2. 2011). A discussion of all the various state and local efforts
currently in place to support new farmers is beyond the scope of this article.
For information about many of these projects see Beginning Farmers supra note 7
(Drake Forum on America's New Farmers: Policy Innovations and Opportunities);
Beginning Farmer Center, Iowa State Univ. Extension,
http://www.extension.iastate.edu/bfc (last visited May 29, 2011).





n35.  See, e.g., New Farmer Development Project, GrowNYC (2010),
http://www.cenyc.org/greenmarket/nfdp (last visited Apr. 27, 2011). See
generally GrowNYC, 2009 Annual Report (2009), available at
http://www.grownyc.org/files/FINAL_GrowNYC_Annual_09.pdf (detailing efforts to
help new farmers locate available land and access New York City markets).





n36.  See Chris Edwards, CATO Inst., Agricultural Subsidies,
http://www.downsizinggovernment.org/agriculture/subsidies (last visited June 5,
2011).





n37.  See Support Local Farmers, Know Your Farmer Know Your Food, U. S. Dep't of
Agric.,
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/knowyourfarmer?navtype=KYF&navid=KYF_LOCALFA
RMER (last visited June 3, 2011).





n38.  See Farmers Mkt. Coal., http://farmersmarketcoalition.org/ (last visited
June 2, 2011) (containing information about the Farmers Market Coalition, the
national organization working to promote the growth of farmer markets). The USDA
now estimates over 6000 farmers markets are in operation in the U.S as of 2010.
Farmers Market Growth: 1994-2000, Agric. Mktg. Serv., U. S. Dep't of Agric.,
http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/ams.fetchTemplateData.do?template=TemplateS&left
Nav=WholesaleandFarmersMarkets&page=WFMFarmersMarketGrowth&description=Farmers%2
0Market%20Growth&acct=frmrdirmkt (last modified Aug. 4, 2010).





n39.  See, e.g., Jesse Lee, The President & First Lady on Child Nutritional
Bill: The Basic Nutrition they Need to Learn and Grow and to Pursue Their
Dreams, Let's Move Blog (Dec. 13, 2010),
http://www.letsmove.gov/blog/2010/12/13/president-first-lady-child-nutrition-bil
l-basic-nutrition-they-need-learn-and-grow-a. First Lady Michele Obama is widely
recognized for her efforts to support healthy eating and improvements in
childhood nutrition, with many of these initiatives being promoted under her
Let's Move initiative. Id.





n40.  The national debate over animal welfare issues, such as the use of cages
in egg production and other commonly accepted production practices has generated
significant legal controversies, such as Proposition 2 in California. See, e.g.,
Proponents, Opponents Debate California Proposition 2 Regarding Treatment of
Farm Animals, KPPC News in Brief (Oct. 10, 2008, 1:27 PM),
http://www.publicradio.org/columns/kpcc/kpccnewsinbrief/2008/10/proponents-oppon
ents-debate-ca.html. In early July 2010, California added another significant
wrinkle to the animal welfare debate when the Governor signed A.B. 1437, a bill
that requires all whole eggs sold in the state after January 1, 2015, come from
hens that have been raised under the same guidelines as set out in Proposition
2. See Assem B. 1437, 2009 Leg., 10th Reg. Sess. (Cal. 2009), available at
http://info.sen.ca.gov/pub/09-10/bill/asm/ab_1401-1450/ab_1437_bill_20100526_ame
nded_sen_v97.html. For commentary on these issues see Neil D. Hamilton, Comment,
One Bad Day: Thoughts on the Difference Between Animal Rights and Animals
Welfare, 106 Mich. L. Rev. 138 (2008), available at
http://www.michiganlawreview.org/firstimpressions/vol106/animals.pdf.





n41.  Because most FFA members are from rural and farming communities it is
predictable many reflect the commonly held attitudes about conventional
agricultural practices. See Who We Are, Nat'L FFA Org.,
https://www.ffa.org/about/whoweare/pages/default.aspx (last visited June 4,
2011). FFA, the new name of the national organization historically known as the
Future Farmers of America, is the primary mechanism used for educating millions
of American students, from both rural and urban communities, about farming and
food production, and about career opportunities in agriculture. FFA History,
Nat'l FFA Org., https://www.ffa.org/About/WhoWeAre/Pages/History.aspx (last
visited June 4, 2011); see generally Nat'l FFA Org., https://www.ffa.org (last
visited June 4, 2011).





n42.  For information about the Greenhorns and the innovative projects they are
organizing around the country to identify and motivate new farmers see The
Greenhorns, http://www.thegreenhorns.net (last visited May 20, 2011).





n43.  Farm Credit is one of the most important sources of private lending for
American agriculture, and it has as one of its priorities efforts to support new
and beginning farmers. See generally Farm Credit Council,
http://www.fccouncil.com (last visited May 26, 2011); Farm Credit Council, Fact
Sheet: How Farm Credit Serves Young, Beginning and Small Farmers and Ranchers
(2011), available at http://www.fccouncil.com/uploads/YBS_2009.pdf.





n44.  See generally Land Trust Alliance, http://www.landtrustalliance.org (last
visited June 4, 2011) (providing general information about the work of land
trusts); Am. Farmland Trust (AFT), http://www.farmland.org (last visited June 4,
2011) (providing information about a land trust working exclusively on issues
relating to farmland protection, which includes find new farmers to operate it).





n45.  See, e.g., Ways to Give, Iowa State Univ. Found.,
http://www.foundation.iastate.edu/site/PageServer?pagename=give_cm_noncash (last
visited May 29, 2011) (seeking gifts of real estate from its alumni members).





n46.  See Neil D. Hamilton, Feeding the World's Future: Agrarian Justice and the
Rule of Law, 13 Drake J. Agric. L. 545 (2008).





n47.  How green jobs can help revitalize the American economy and at the same
time address serious social justice issues, was the theme of a book by Van
Jones, The Green Collar Economy: How One Solution Can Fix our Two Biggest
Problems. Van Jones, The Green Collar Economy: How One Solution Can Fix Our Two
Biggest Problems 131-32 (2008).





n48.  See supra note 25 and accompanying text.





n49.  The idea of creating a new Office of Urban Agriculture within the USDA is
the subject of legislation, introduced by Representative Kaptur, along with
twenty-five co-sponsors. Greening Food Deserts Act, H. R. 4971, 111th Cong.
(2010).





n50.  See Nat'l Sustainable Agric. Coal., Obama Administration Caves on
Agriculture Reform, SustainableAgriculture.Net Blog (Jan. 6, 2010),
http://sustainableagriculture.net/blog/obama-administration-caves-on-agriculture
-reform.





n51.  This story was shared by Zoe Bradbury, a young farmer from Langlois,
Oregon. See Farm Aid, Zoe Bradbury at Drake Forum on New Farmer Credit
Challenges, YouTube (Mar. 22, 2010), http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0PK20fa8u8A.





n52.  Id.





n53.  Id.





n54.  See, e.g., People's Garden Partnership Grows to New Heights in Delaware,
Nat. Res. Conserv. Serv. (May 3, 2011, 12:23 PM),
http://www.de.nrcs.usda.gov/news/news2011/PG-Partnership2011.htm.





n55.  The idea of creating a new farmer agent within local USDA offices is well
received when presented to audiences of new farmers. This is something USDA can
do administratively and would be a strong signal to internal and external
audiences about the importance of the Secretary's 100,000 new farmer goal and
finding the tools to meet it. Many young people interested in becoming farmers
are used to the receiving coaching and advising in their education and
assistance in navigating the complexities of USDA programs would go a long way
in making the department more relevant to new farmers - and would help address
what may be a bias or suspicion some have that USDA exists only to help large
scale commodity producers. The Secretary has worked tirelessly to make USDA
responsive to all citizens and to address the unfortunate legacy of civil rights
discrimination associated with many local offices. It is important the
Department and its employees not trade one legacy of discrimination against
those who were somehow different for a new set of biases against potential new
farmers just because they may look or think differently or because their chosen
methods of production may not be mainstream or dominant agricultural thinking.
While new farmers in some cases may not fit within categories treated as
"protected classes" under the law, it is important for USDA to exercise a system
of fair and open treatment for all citizens, both in word and action. USDA
Non-Discrimination Statement, U.S. Dep't Agric. (Mar. 28, 2007),
http://www.fsis.usda.gov/Nondiscrimination_Statement/index.asp.





n56.  See Nat'l Agric. Statistics Serv., supra note 15, at 3.





n57.  See generally Neil D. Hamilton, Putting A Face on Our Food: How State and
Local Food Policies Can Promote the New Agriculture, 7 Drake J. Agric. L. 407
(2002) (discussing the operation of food policy councils).





n58.  Id. at 443-44.





n59.  See Strolling of the Heifers, http://www.strollingoftheheifers.com (last
visited Apr. 27, 2011) (providing information about this innovative local
program).





n60.  Century farms are Iowa farms in the same family ownership for over 100
years, recognition for which is provided by the state. See Linda Rosky, Century
Farms Program, Iowa Dep't of Agric. & Land Stewardship,
http://www.agriculture.state.ia.us/centuryFarmsProgram.asp (last visited Apr.
27, 2011).





n61.  The TIP program was authorized in section 2111 of the 2008 Farm Bill. See
2008 Farm Bill, H. R. 6124, 110th Cong. § 2111 (2008); see also Farm Serv.
Agency, supra note 31.





n62.  The Agricultural Law Center has developed a new project relating to
Sustainable Agricultural Law Tenure, designed to provide education to landowners
about how to steward their lands, including information on how to assist new and
beginning farmers by leasing or selling land. See Sustainable Farm Lease, Drake
Agric. Law Center, http://sustainablefarmlease.org (last visited Apr. 27, 2011).





n63.  See infra Part III.B.2.





n64.  See Beginning Farmers, supra note 7; see also Farm Beginnings, Land
Stewardship Project,
http://www.landstewardshipproject.org/programs_farmbeginnings.html (last visited
June 3, 2011).





n65.  See Land Stewardship Project, supra note 64.





n66.  Id.





n67.  See Agric. & Land-Based Training Assoc., http://www.albafarmers.org (last
visited June 3, 2011)( providing information about ALBA and its project).





n68.  See Program Synopsis: Beginning Farmers and Rancher, Nat'l Inst. of Food &
Agric., U.S. Dep't of Agric. (Mar. 22, 2011),
http://www.nifa.usda.gov/funding/bfrdp/bfrdp_synopsis.html.





n69.  See Angelic Organics Learning Ctr., http://www.learngrowconnect.org/farmer
(last visited Apr. 27, 2011) (containing information on the center and its
efforts in Illinois).





n70.  See S. Agric. Comm., Tax Code Fix to Boost Agriculture Industry?, Delta
Farm Press (Apr. 1, 2011, 3:22 PM),
http://deltafarmpress.com/government/tax-code-fix-boost-agriculture-industry.





n71.  See 26 I.R.C. § 2032A (2006) (valuation of certain farm property).





n72.  Types of State Agricultural Finance Programs, Nat'l Coun. of State Agric.
Fin. Programs, http://www.stateagfinance.org/types.html (last visited Apr. 27,
2011).





n73.  See Iowa Code § 175.37 (2010).





n74.  See, e.g., Land Ownership Statistics in Iowa, Practical Farmers of Iowa
(May 6, 2010 1:14 PM)
http://practicalfarmers.blogspot.com/2010/05/land-ownership-statistics-in-iowa.h
tml (containing information about land ownership in Iowa, including the fact
that in 2007 more than half the farmland was owned by people over 65).





n75.  As evidence of the rapid rise in land values, consider that farmland in
Iowa increased by 24.5% in 2010. See Dan Piller, Iowa Farmland Value Jump 24% in
Past Year, Des Moines Reg. March 23, 2011, at 1A.





n76.  Iowa Beginning Farmer Tax Credit, Iowa Agric. Dev. Auth.,
http://www.iada.state.ia.us/BFTC/index.html (last visited May 10, 2011)
(containing information about the Iowa Beginning Farmer Tax Credit).





n77.  See, e.g., Land Link Services, Ctr. for Rural Affairs,
http://www.cfra.org/resources/beginning_farmer/land_link (last visited May 10,
2011); Iowa State Univ. Extension, supra note 34.





n78.  See Programs for Getting Started with a Livestock Enterprise, 17 Ctr. for
Grassland Studies 1, available at
http://grassland.unl.edu/c/document_library/get_file?uuid=f520f9f3-093e-4dbb-b6f
c-94f348a4f862&groupId=1980339&.pdf; see also Cal. Farmlink,
http://www.californiafarmlink.org/joomla/index.php (last visited May 10, 2011)
(a state matching and "farm-on" program).





n79.  See Kisha Lewellyn Schlegel, Land Link Programs Connect Elder Farmers with
Young Ones, New West Living (Sept. 18, 2007),
http://www.newwest.net/topic/article/land_link_programs/C520/L40/.





n80.  Paul Fuller Hubbard, A Land Link for Western Montana: Keeping Land in
Agriculture from One Generation to the Next (Dec. 2006) (unpublished M.S.
thesis, Univ.of Mont.) (available at
http://etd.lib.umt.edu/theses/available/etd-12212006-162006/unrestricted/Hubbard
PProfPaper.pdf).





n81.  See Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program, Ctr. for Rural
Affairs (May 26, 2010, 9:01 AM),
http://www.cfra.org/renewrural/beginning-farmer-development.





n82.  See Agricultural Mediation, Farm Serv. Agency, U.S. Dep't of Agric.,
http://www.fsa.usda.gov/FSA/webapp?area=home&subject=oued&topic=ops-am (last
visited June 1, 2011) (information about the FSA program which helps fund state
based farm debt mediation programs).





n83.  See Press Release, USDA Provides Update on Seasonal High Tunnel Pilot,
Nat. Res. Conserv. Serv., U.S Dep't of Agric. (Jan. 7, 2011) (available at
http://www.nrcs.usda.gov/news/releases/2011/high_tunnels_1.7.2011.html).





n84.  Id.





n85.  Id. States with over 100 participating farmers include: Alabama, Alaska,
Iowa, Minnesota, Missouri, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin. Id.





n86.  EQIP is the main USDA program for funding an array of soil and water
conservation related initiatives. See Environmental Quality Incentives Program,
Nat. Res. Conserv. Serv., U.S Dep't of Agric. (Apr. 26, 2011),
http://www.nrcs.usda.gov/programs/eqip/index.html.





n87.  See Know Your Farmer Know Your Food, U.S. Dep't of Agric.,
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/knowyourfarmer?navid=KNOWYOURFARMER (last
visited May 11, 2011) (containing information about the "Know Your Farmer, Know
Your Food" program).





n88.  See, e.g., Alexa Delwiche, L.A. Food Pol'y Task Force, The Good Food for
All Agenda: Creating a New Regional Food System for Los Angeles 26 (2010)
(available at
http://goodfoodlosangeles.files.wordpress.com/2010/07/good-food-full_report_sing
le_072010.pdf) ; see also Mary MacVean, Panel Urges More Access to Fresh Food;
An L.A. Task Force Aims to Make Local Produce Available to Low-Income Residents,
L.A. Times, Oct. 4, 2010, at 1.





n89.  See Hamilton, supra note 1 (discussing many of these various municipal
actions relating to food).





n90.  Id.





n91.  See generally Hamilton, Putting A Face on Our Food, supra note 57.





n92.  Id. at 442.





n93.  Efforts to address urban agriculture present a challenge and opportunity
for USDA. The challenge is the Department has little presence in most urban
areas, with the exception of food assistance programs, and much of USDA's
infrastructure is rural based and focused. The opportunity for USDA is clear -
the growth and interest in urban agriculture creates new demand and audiences of
citizens for the department to serve, as well as new avenues for
inter-departmental initiatives related to food with those departments such as
Housing and Urban Development traditionally working in urban areas. USDA needs
to designate someone to inventory and coordinate with the various municipal food
and farming policy efforts. The current work by the Agricultural Marketing
Service (AMS) to study and assist farmers markets, many in large urban areas, is
a possible point of entry for working with municipal food policy leaders. One
way for USDA to defuse possible concerns about department efforts to address
urban farming issues is to use the more encompassing and accurate term
"community-based agriculture," as done in this Article.





n94.  See The Nat'l Cong. of Am. Indians, Supporting Food Sovereignty and Tribal
Food Policy Councils Developing Sustainable Agriculture and Communities, Res.
#ABQ-10-04 (Nov. 2010) (available at
http://www.ncai.org/fileadmin/resolutions/ABQfinal/ABQ-10-048_rev.pdf).





n95.  See, e.g., FreshFarm Markets, http://www.freshfarmmarket.org (last visited
Apr. 27, 2011) (regarding farmers markets in the Washington DC area and the
involvement with programs to expand food access).





n96.  See supra text accompanying notes 77-82.





n97.  See, e.g., Land for Good, http://www.landforgood.org/ (last visited April
27, 2011) (mentioning the critical role land access plays for new farmers). Land
for Good focuses on new farm and farmland preservation in New England. Id.





n98.  Kevin Balmer et al., Diggable City: Making Urban Agriculture a Planning
Priority (2005) (available at http://diggablecity.org/dcp_finalreport_PSU.pdf);
see also The Diggable City Project: Information, Diggable City Project,
http://www.diggablecity.org (last visited April 27, 2011) (containing
information on the project and the report).





n99.  Urban agriculture has been the subject of several recent legal articles.
See, e.g., Peters, supra note 12; LaCroix, supra note 12.





n100.  See Growing Power, Inc., http://www.growingpower.org (last visited Feb.
25, 2010) (providing information about Growing Power and its programs); see also
Barbara Miner, An Urban Farmer's Dream Rewarded, N.Y. Times, Oct. 1, 2008, at F6
(concerning Will Allen being awarded a MacArthur Genius Grant).





n101.  See Angelic Organics, supra note 69.





n102.  See e.g., New Farmer Development Project, supra note 35.





n103.  FarmToSchool.org: About Us, Nat'l Farm to School Network,
http://www.farmto school.org (last visited June 1, 2011) (the National Farm to
School Network is a joint project of the Community Food Security Coalition and
the Center for Food and Justice, a division of the Urban & Environmental Policy
Institute of Occidental College).





n104.  See Id. (containing descriptions of the current initiatives now underway
in the U.S. dealing with "farm-to-school" programs); National Farm to School
Program, Cmty. Food Security Coal.,
http://www.foodsecurity.org/farm_to_school.html (last visited June 6, 2011).





n105.  See Vision, Food Corps, http://www.food-corps.org (click-on "Our Vision")
(last visited Feb. 25, 2011).





n106.  For information about the SNAP program see FNS Supplemental Nutrition
Assistance Program (SNAP), Food & Nutrition Serv., U.S. Dep't of Agric. (May 26,
2011), http://www.fns.usda.gov/snap/.





n107.  See Lewis W. Jett & Mary Hendrickson, Univ. of Mo. Extension, Marketing
Vegetables in Missouri, 1, 2 (Apr. 2010), available at
http://www.foodcircles.missouri.edu/mktveg.pdf.





n108.  One interesting development in relation to farmers markets is the number
of cities expanding the availability of markets to include winter months, rather
than just the typical mid-summer markets. See, e.g., Tim Carman, In Winter,
Farmers Markets Turn Into Value (Added) Villages, Wash. Post (Jan. 12, 2011,
12:00 AM)
http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2011/01/11/AR2011011103169.
html.





n109.  See, e.g., Edible Communities - Local Food Magazines, Edible Communities,
Inc. http://www.ediblecommunities.com (the network of Edible Communities
Publications magazines which exist around the nation are an example of the
growing and wide-spread interest in local food systems).





n110.  See supra text accompany note 62.





n111.  See Nat'l Instit. of Food & Agric., supra note 68.





n112.  See, e.g., New Farmers Face Unique Challenges, Part I,
FoodNutritionScience.com (Apr. 25, 2011), http://www.foodnutritionscience.com;
Zoe Bradbury, The Need for New Farmers, 4 Or. St. Extension Service 1 (2009),
available at http://smallfarms.oregonstate.edu/sfn/w09NewFarmers.





n113.  See Drake Convenes National Discussion on America's New Farmers,
Drake.edu (Feb. 22, 2010),
http://www.drake.edu/news/db/official/archive.php?article=5367 (discussing Drake
University's recent focus on the obstacles facing new farmers, including the
availability of finance and credit).





n114.  The IDA approach is designed to provide incentives for individuals to
save money for future use, such as a down payment on land, by providing matching
funds from the sponsoring organization. The 2008 Farm Bill authorized creation
of a pilot IDA program in 15 states, but Congress has not provided funding for
the effort. See Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008, Pub. L. No. 110-234,
§ 5301, 122 Stat. 924 (2008); Beginning Farmer & Rancher Individual Development
Account (BFRIDA), Nat'l Sustainable Agric. Info. Serv. (ATTRA), Nat'l Ctr. for
Appropriate Tech. (Jan., 26, 2010), http://www.attra.org/guide/a_m/bfrida.html.





n115.  The Beginning Farmer and Rancher Individual Development Account (IDA)
Program, Ctr. for Rural Affairs, (Apr. 7, 2010, 6:42 PM),
http://www.cfra.org/renewrural/IDA.





n116.  See Cal. FarmLink, supra note 78; PFI Supports Policy Involvement,
Practical Farmers of Iowa,
http://www.practicalfarmers.org/programs/PFI-Supports-Policy-Involvement.html
(last visited April 29, 2011).





n117.  See Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 § 5301.





n118.  See Services - Socially Responsible Business Development, The Harvest
Initiative, http://www.harvestinitiative.org/services.asp (last visited April
29, 2011).





n119.  See, e.g., Paul Hollis, Produce Industry Faces Many Challenges, Se. Farm
Press (Dec. 4, 2009, 11:12 AM),
http://southeastfarmpress.com/vegetables/produce-industry-faces-many-challenges
(noting that harvest labor is one of the biggest challenges facing produce
growers).





n120.  See, e.g., Sustainable Farming Internships and Apprenticeships, Nat'l
Sustainable Agric. Info. Serv. (ATTRA), Nat'l Ctr. for Appropriate Tech. (Mar.
9, 2011), http://www.attra.org/attra-pub/internships/ (containing a listing of
farm internships maintained by ATTRA).





n121.  See, e.g., id. (select geographic area; then select "Details" for any of
the available internships).





n122.  One of the most well known farm internship education programs is at the
Center for Agroecology and Sustainable Food Systems at the University of
California at Santa Cruz. See Ctr. for Agroecology & Sustainable Food Sys., U.
of Ca. at Santa Cruz, http://casfs.ucsc.edu (last visited Apr. 29, 2011).





n123.  See New Eng. Small Farm Inst., The "On-Farm Workstays" Project - On-Farm
Mentors and Labor Law: Year-end Report 1 (2008) (available at
http://www.smallfarm.org/uploads/uploads/Files/On%20Farm%20Workstays%20Project.p
df) (noting many farmers are unaware of their obligations as agricultural
employers).





n124.  See, e.g., Cassidy Freeman, Marin's Organic Farms Wilt Under Labor Laws,
The Bay Citizen (June 24, 2010, 1:00 PM) https://www.baycitizen.org/
labor/story/marins-organic-farms-wilt-under-labor.





n125.  See Allison Condra, Article, And on that Farm There was an Intern,
E-I-E-I-O: Labor Issues in Training a New Generation of Farmers, 26 J. Envtl. L.
& Litig. (forthcoming 2011) (addressing the subject of the legality of farm
internships) (Allison Condra is a third year student at Drake and researcher in
the Center. The article won the University of Oregon Journal of Environmental
Law & Litigation's Spring 2011 writing contest.); Making a Farm Apprenticeship
Meet Minimum Wage Standards, Small Farm Commons (Apr. 27, 2011)
http://smallfarmcommons.org/2011/04/27/making-a-farm-apprenticeship-meet-minimum
-wage-law.





n126.  See, e.g., UT Organic Crop Production, U. of Tenn. Inst. of Agric.,
http://organics.tennessee.edu (last visited Apr. 29, 2011).





n127.  See Doug Jones, Carolina Farm Stewardship Association, Internships in
Sustainable Farming: A Handbook for Farmers (Mar. 2011), available at
http://www.carolinafarmstewards.org/docs/Internship_Farm_Mentor_Handbook_2011.pd
f (last updated March 2011).





n128.  See New Eng. Small Farm Inst., supra note 123.





n129.  See Farm Internship Program, 2010 Wash. Sess. Laws ch. 160, SSB 6349
(2010).





n130.  See generally Small Farm Internship Pilot Program, Wash. St. Dep't. of
Labor & Indus.,
http://www.lni.wa.gov/WorkplaceRights/agriculture/smallfarmintership/default.asp
(last visited April 29, 2011) (containing information about the Washington
program).





n131.  See Farm Internships in Oregon, Or. Dep't of Agric.,
http://www.oregon.gov/ODA/farm_internships.shtml (last visited May 17, 2011).





n132.  Farming apprenticeships are the subject of an interesting web site that
provides a directory and method for farmers and interns to connect. See Nat'l
Sustainable Agric. Info. Serv., supra note 120. The site also has new
information about a farm intern curriculum guide and related materials prepared
by a farm in Oregon, including information about complying with Oregon state
labor laws. See Maud Powell., Nat'l Sustainable Agric. Info. Serv. (ATTRA),
Nat'l Ctr. for Appropriate Tech., Western Sustainable Agriculture Research &
Education (SARE) Farm Internship Curriculum and Handbook (2010), available at
http://attra.ncat.org/intern_handbook/#oregon. Another interesting organization
working on farm internships is MESA - Multinational Exchange for Sustainable
Agriculture which offers an approved J-1 visa program to recruit foreign
students to come to the US for up to one year placements on US farms. See
Multinational Exch. for Sustainable Agric., http://www.mesaprogram.org (last
visited May 17, 2011).





n133.  See, e.g., Glynwood Ctr., Land Trusts and Agricultural Law: Protecting
Farmland or Farming? (2008), available at
http://www.nycwatershed.org/pdfs/GlynwoodLandTrustAgEasements5-08.pdf;
Glynwood's MHS Solving the Regional Slaughterhouse Problem Now, Glynwood Ctr.,
http://www.glynwood.org/programs/modular-harvest-system/ (providing information
about the Glynwood Center, and the mobile livestock harvest project) (last
visited May 17, 2011).





n134.  See, e.g., Establishing State Policies for the Promotion of Sustainable
Local Farms and the Protection of Agricultural Lands, N.Y. Executive Order No.
39, Nov, 4, 2010; Sarah Brannen, New York City Council, Food Works: A Vision to
Improve NYC's Food System (2010), available at
http://council.nyc.gov/html/food/files/foodworks_fullreport_11_22_10.pdf; Scott
M. Stringer, Food in the Public Interest (2009), available at
http://www.citylimits.org/images_pdfs/pdfs/StringerFood.pdf; Andrew Cuomo, Farm
NY Growth through Innovation, (2010), available at
http://www.andrewcuomo.com/system/storage/6/9c/f/1232/andrew_cuomo_farm_ny_agend
a.pdf.





n135.  See supra text accompanying notes 16-22.





n136.  See supra note 20.


                               15 of 90 DOCUMENTS


                      Carlsbad Current-Argus (New Mexico)

                             July 28, 2011 Thursday

FSA County Committee nomination deadline is Aug. 1

BYLINE: From the Current-Argus Submitted to the Current-Argus

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 339 words


ALBUQUERQUE -- New Mexico USDA Farm Service Agency State Executive Director
Salomon Ramirez, reminds farmers, ranchers and landowners to nominate farmer and
rancher candidates to serve on their local FSA county committee by the Aug. 1
deadline.

Elected county committee members serve a three-year term and are responsible for
making decisions on FSA disaster, conservation, commodity, and price support
programs, as well as other important federal farm program issues.

"County committee members are a valuable asset because they are local producers
who participate in FSA programs themselves and have a direct connection to
farmers and ranchers in the community," said Ramirez. "I would like to see a
high level of participation in this year's nomination and election process," he
said.

Producers may nominate themselves or others as candidates. Organizations that
represent minority and women farmers and ranchers may also nominate candidates.
Nominees must participate in a program administered by FSA, be eligible to vote
in a county committee election and reside in the local administrative area in
which the person is a candidate. To become a nominee, eligible individuals must
sign form FSA-669A. The form and more information about county committee
elections are available online at: www.fsa.usda.gov/elections.

"It is important that the county committee reflects the demographics and
agricultural interests of the community these individuals represent," Ramirez
said. "I strongly encourage all producers, including women, minority and
beginning farmers and ranchers to participate in the nomination and election
process," he said.

County committees are comprised of three to five members elected by local
producers. All newly elected county committee members and alternates will take
office January 2, 2012.

Nomination forms must be postmarked or received in the local USDA Service Center
by close of business on Aug. 1.

For more information about county committees, please contact your local County
FSA Office or visit www.fsa.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2011 Carlsbad Current-Argus, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                               16 of 90 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                              July 22, 2013 Monday

FSA county nomination deadline is Aug. 1

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 349 words


ALBUQUERQUE >> USDA New Mexico Farm Service Agency (FSA) State Executive
Director Lawrence Rael, reminds farmers, ranchers and landowners to nominate
farmer and rancher candidates to serve on their local FSA County Committee by
the Aug. 1.

Elected county committee members serve a three-year term and are responsible for
making decisions on FSA disaster, conservation, commodity, and price support
programs, as well as other important federal farm program issues.

"County Committee members are a valuable asset because they are local producers
who participate in FSA programs themselves and have a direct connection to
farmers and ranchers in the community," said Rael. "I would like to see a high
level of participation in this year's nomination and election process," he said.

Producers may nominate themselves or others as candidates. Organizations that
represent minority and women farmers and ranchers may also nominate candidates.
Nominees must participate in a program administered by FSA, be eligible to vote
in a County Committee election and reside in the local administrative area (LAA)
in which the person is a candidate. To become a nominee, eligible individuals
must sign form FSA-669A. The form and more information about County Committee
elections are available online at:fsa.usda.gov/elections .

"It is important that the County Committee reflects the demographics and
agricultural interests of the community these individuals represent," Rael said.
"I strongly encourage all producers, including women, minority and beginning
farmers and ranchers to participate in the nomination and election process," he
said.

County Committees are comprised of three to five members elected by local
producers. All newly elected County Committee members and alternates will take
office on Jan. 1.

Nomination forms must be postmarked or received in the local USDA Service Center
by close of business on August 1, 2013.

LAA up for election is LAA 2 which is currently held by Joel Nanez.

For more information about county committees, please contact your local County
FSA Office or visitfsa.usda.gov .

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2013 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                               17 of 90 DOCUMENTS


                     Point Pleasant Register, West Virginia

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 26, 2011 Tuesday

FSA County Committee nomination deadline set for Aug. 1

BYLINE: Hope Roush, Point Pleasant Register, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 439 words


July 26--POINT PLEASANT -- There is still time to make nominations for the Farm
Service Agency (FSA) County committee.

According to Josh Lewis, executive director of the Mason County USDA Farm
Service Agency, farmers, ranchers and landowners have until Aug. 1 to nominate
farmer and rancher candidates to serve on the local FSA County Committee.

All elected county committee members serve a three-year term and are responsible
for making decisions regarding FSA disaster, conservation, commodity and price
support programs as well as other important federal farm program issues.
Producers may nominate themselves or others as candidates. Organizations that
represent minority and women farmers and ranchers also may nominate candidates.
Nominees must participate in a program administered by FSA; be eligible to vote
in a county committee election; and reside in the local administrative area
(LAA), in which the person is a candidate.

Lewis described the local FSA committee as being very important to the area.

"County committee members are a valuable asset because they are local producers
who participate in FSA programs themselves and have a direct connection to
farmers and ranchers in the community," he said. "I would like to see a high
level of participation in this year's nomination and election process."

Lewis continued by describing how the FSA Committee reflects the local
community.

"It is important that the county committee reflects the demographics and
agricultural interests of the community these individuals represent," he said.
"I strongly encourage all producers, including women, minority and beginning
farmers and ranchers to participate in the nomination and election process."

County committees are comprised of three to five members elected by local
producers. All newly elected county committee members and alternates will take
office January 2, 2012. To become a nominee, eligible individuals must sign form
FSA-669A. The form and more information about county committee elections are
available online at the Web site, www.fsa.usda.gov/elections.

Nomination forms must be postmarked or received in the local USDA Service Center
by close of business on August 1, 2011.

For more information about county committees, contact the Mason County FSA
office at 304-675-2020 or visit www.fsa.usda.gov.

To see more of the Point Pleasant Register, go to
http://www.mydailyregister.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Point Pleasant Register,
W.Va. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110726-1PP-FSA-County-Committee-nomination-deadline-set-for-Aug-1-0726-2011072
6

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1PP


                                 Copyright 2011


                               18 of 90 DOCUMENTS


                          The Monitor (McAllen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 3, 2010 Thursday

Hispanic farmers 'insulted' by $1.3 billion settlement offer

BYLINE: Jeremy Roebuck, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1080 words


Jun. 3--MCALLEN -- A $1.3 billion offer to settle claims that the U.S.
Department of Agriculture discriminated against Hispanic and women farmers
applying for emergency loans does not go nearly far enough to make up for years
of inequity, a group of Rio Grande Valley farmers said.

The Justice Department made the proposal last week in hopes of ending a
decade-old lawsuit in which the farmers from across the United States claimed
that USDA loan programs were systemically stacked against minorities.

But the offer comes on the heels of a similar $2.15 billion government payout to
black farmers who have filed complaints on similar claims -- even though there
are nearly twice as many Hispanic-owned farms in the United States as those
owned by blacks, according to federal agricultural census data.

"Our farmers are hopping mad about this," said Stephen Hill, an attorney
representing Hispanic farmers from across the Southwest in the lawsuit. "They
are going to be notifying members of Congress and the (Obama) administration to
let them know exactly what they think about this really unfortunate proposal
that doesn't even begin to treat Hispanic farmers equally and on par with black
farmers."

Created in the 1930s as part of the New Deal legislation, the USDA loan program
was intended to help small farmers who didn't qualify for private credit obtain
the financing they needed to keep their farms operating.

But the decentralized system set up to distribute those loans and highly
subjective qualifying criteria allowed anti-minority bias that existed in many
rural communities at the time to taint the application process.

Minority farmers were routinely discouraged from applying for government
assistance, rejected outright or experienced severe delays in receiving their
promised funds. All the while, their Anglo peers received loan after loan
without a hitch, the lawsuit's plaintiffs allege.

And no one in the government disputes the facts. Since at least Bill Clinton's
presidency, agriculture secretaries have openly condemned their agency's history
of racism -- including current Secretary Tom Vilsack, who ordered an independent
review of USDA field offices and the creation of a task force to review past and
pending civil rights complaints.

"I intend to lead the department in correcting its past errors, learning from
its mistakes and moving forward to a new era of equitable service and access for
all," he said in an April 2009 memo to staff outlining the changes.

But as recently as 1994, an internal USDA study found, the county-level
committees charged with reviewing loan applications were overwhelmingly
dominated by Anglos. Ninety-four percent had no female or minority
representation.

Guadalupe Garcia Jr., the lead plaintiff in the Hispanic farmer's suit, alleges
that lack of representation cost him his 630-acre farm in New Mexico. He applied
four times for loans or emergency assistance from 1986 to 1998 only to be turned
down each time after his local committee deemed him unsuitable on criteria such
as whether he had the "character or industry" to operate a successful farm or
the "commitment to carry out his undertakings and obligations."

A county committee in Fresno, Calif., told another of the case's plaintiffs -- a
single mother with a college education in agricultural economics -- that farming
was "not a proper business for a woman, much less a Mexican woman with two
kids."

More than 40 farmers in the Rio Grande Valley have signed on to the lawsuit,
claiming similar stories of discrimination ranging from being discouraged from
even applying to being challenged when they asked for assistance in filling out
complicated loan application forms.

Hill, the lead attorney on the suit, estimates as many as 4,600 local farmers
may have been affected.

But the current administration's rhetoric of reform doesn't match up to what the
Hispanic and women farmers were offered in their settlement agreement last week,
local farmers said.

"I think accepting it is out of the question," said Juan Villanueva, of McAllen,
who was forced to give up his 7,000-acre plot in Duval County a decade ago after
drought wiped out his crops and he was unable to secure an emergency loan. "It's
not what we're looking for."

Under the terms of the settlement agreement, the Justice Department would cap
payouts to individual plaintiffs at $50,000. The total $1.3 billion sum would be
split among all of the current plaintiffs in the Hispanic farmer and women
farmer lawsuits, despite the fact that they were filed separately.

Those who have not already signed up as plaintiffs in either suit would have to
file a separate lawsuit to pursue discrimination claims -- a process that can
come with hefty filing and attorney's fees that might discourage already
cash-strapped small businessmen from participating.

"The irony of all of this is that an administration that's pledged to be
progressive has really proposed something that smacks of the old poll tax," said
Hill. "Farmers are going to have to pay a fee to participate in a settlement
process to be compensated for discrimination they already paid for in dollars."

And while $50,000 may sound like a hefty sum to some, Raymondville farmer David
Cantu said, when it comes to running a business it doesn't amount to much.

"That $50,000 wouldn't give me a down payment on a tractor," he said. "I know
people who have lost farms valued at close to $1.2 million. People might have a
preconceived notion that we're getting greedy, but we just want to be made whole
again and put back in place."

So far, the Justice Department has not publicly confirmed the terms of its
offered settlement. Hill agreed to discuss the proposal only after The
Associated Press, quoting an unnamed Obama administration source, reported on it
last week and said he views the leak as yet another discriminatory government
move.

"This was a calculated, cynical ploy to bum rush these victims figuring they
would stampede to grab what sounds like a lot of money," he said. "They have
grossly underestimated the intelligence of these farmers."

To see more of The Monitor, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.themonitor.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100603-MC-HISPANIC-FARMERS-SETTLE-OFFER-20100603

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MC


                           Copyright 2010 The Monitor


                               19 of 90 DOCUMENTS



                     Western Kansas World (Wakeeny, Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 28, 2014

FSA Targets Funds to Minority, Women & Beginning Farmers

BYLINE: Western Kansas World staff

LENGTH: 426  words


Adrian J. Polansky, State Executive Director of the USDA Kansas Farm Service
Agency (FSA), announced that the FSA is reaching out to minority and women
farmers who want to purchase or operate a family-size farm.

"Each year, FSA targets a portion of its farm loan funding for socially
disadvantaged applicants (SDA)", Polansky said. The targeted funds are available
to socially disadvantaged applicants who include minority farmers, women farmers
, as well as beginning farmers.

For FSA farm loan purposes, FSA defines an SDA person as one of a group whose
members have been subjected to racial, ethnic, or gender prejudice because of
their identity as members of a group without regard to their individual
qualities. For additional information regarding FSA loans to minority or women
farmers, please visit www.fsa.usda.gov/ks.

A beginning farmer or rancher is defined as someone who:

Has not operated a farm or ranch for more than 10 years

Does not own a farm or ranch greater than 30 percent of the median size farm

Meets the loan eligibility requirements of the program to which he/she is
applying

Substantially participates in the operation; and

If applying for a farm ownership loan, must have participated in a farm for at
least three years

Polansky said that "while funding is targeted for loans to socially
disadvantaged applicants and beginning farmers, loan approval is neither
automatic nor guaranteed." Polansky stated that "in Fiscal Year 2013, Kansas
obligated $9,104,655 for a total of 135 loans to qualified farmers under the
Socially Disadvantaged Persons Loan Program. We also obligated $46,323,649.62
for a total of 418 loans to qualified farmers under the Beginning Farmer
Program."

"Applicants seeking credit through FSA must meet certain eligibility criteria,"
Polansky said. FSA applicants must be U.S. citizens, have a satisfactory history
of meeting credit obligations, have sufficient education, training or experience
managing or operating a farm, possess legal capacity to incur debt; and be
unable to obtain credit elsewhere.

Traditional operating loans may be used to purchase livestock, equipment, feed,
seed or pay other business related expenses. Operating loans are usually repaid
in one to seven years.

Ownership loans are available to provide capital to purchase or enlarge a farm,
construct or improve buildings, promote soil and water conservation and pay
closing costs. Direct ownership loan terms are up to 40 years.

For additional information, contact your local Farm Service Agency at the county
USDA Service Center nearest you.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WKW

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2014 Western Kansas World


                               20 of 90 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            February 26, 2010 Friday
                                Suburban Edition

Hope, worry about settlement of bias suit with black farmers;
Agreement gives other minorities optimism, but funds unapproved

BYLINE: Krissah Thompson

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A22

LENGTH: 820 words


Now that black farmers have reached a new settlement in their massive
discrimination lawsuit against the federal government, other minorities and
female  farmers are watching the case closely in hopes of getting  similar
grievances addressed.

Congress has yet to come up with $1.15 billion to fulfill the agreement black
farmers reached last week with the Agriculture and Justice departments.  It has
set aside $100 million as an initial payout of what is known as the Pigford
case.

In anticipation of the settlement, President Obama  asked for the $1.15 billion
in his budget request this month. The agreement is years in coming, and
congressional leaders generally support the move. But the House Appropriations
Committee has just begun looking at the White House's request, and there is no
timetable for approving the money.

"We don't have a timetable . . . but we are hopeful that we can, once and for
all, clear the deck of all of this," said House Majority Whip James E. Clyburn
(D-S.C.). "I can tell you without any fear of contradiction that this is
probably one of the most substantive cases ever brought against the federal
government."

Clyburn, who ran the South Carolina Commission for Farm Workers in the 1960s,
said he saw the kind of discrimination against minority farmers that gave the
Agriculture Department the nickname "last plantation."

On the Senate side, Majority Leader Harry M. Reid (D-Nev.) thinks  the
settlement is long overdue and "is hopeful the matter can be resolved
legislatively in the very near future," said spokesman Jim Manley.

As many as 70,000 black farmers are anticipating the payout and want Congress to
move quickly. Under the settlement, farmers can walk away from the deal if
Congress does not appropriate the money by March 31, although officials involved
have said they think they could secure an extension if necessary.

USDA spokesman Justin DeJong said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack has called
members of Congress and sent a letter to Capitol Hill.

"There is certainly cause for worry" that the budget request will not be
approved, said Rep. Artur Davis (D-Ala.), who supports the appropriation. Last
year, the Obama administration asked Congress for $1.25 billion to settle the
case, but the money was not appropriated. Now, pay-as-you-go spending rules
could complicate matters by forcing Congress to find ways to come up with the
money without adding to the federal deficit.

Rep. Robert C.  Scott (D-Va.) is hopeful about a rapid response. "We owe the
money," he said. "We'll have to pay the bill. The fact that it went on so long
was regrettable, and sometimes when you let things go on so long, the costs run
up."

The Pigford case originally was settled in 1999 for $1 billion after 16,000
black farmers said they had been unfairly denied farm loans because of their
race. Other minority groups -- women, Native Americans and Hispanics -- sued the
USDA about the same time. Each group has begun talks with the government.

-- Female farmers, who filed suit against the USDA in the Love case, have 10
plaintiffs and thousands of declarations from farmers who say they were
discriminated against because of gender. Their lawsuit was not certified as a
class action in federal court, but lawyers in the case hope that Congress will
intervene the way it did for black farmers. In December, Rep. Rosa DeLauro
(D-Conn.) introduced the Equality for Women Farmers Act, which would force the
government to resolve its discrimination claims. So far, no hearings have been
scheduled for the bill.

-- Hispanic farmers have had settlement meetings with the USDA but are
frustrated. As with  the female farmers, their case -- Garcia v. Vilsack -- was
not certified as a class action. They say the department's Farm Service Agency
denied or delayed their loans and in some cases caused Hispanic farmers and
ranchers to lose their land.

"We don't begrudge the well-deserved justice that black farmers have received,
but . . . we have suffered exactly the same discrimination," said their
attorney, Stephen S. Hill. He estimates that thousands of Hispanic farmers have
been affected.

-- Joe Sellers, lead attorney for the Native American farmers in the Keepseagle
case, said their court proceedings have been put on hold while they negotiate
with the USDA. Sellers estimates that tens of thousands of Native American
farmers have been affected by discriminatory practices.

The Keepseagle case was certified as a class-action lawsuit. Because of that,
any settlement between Native American farmers and the government would not be
contingent on congressional approval, Sellers said.

"It's been more than 10 years, and up to this point, there hasn't been a whole
lot done," said Porter Holder, a Native American cattle rancher in Soper, Okla.,
who is a part of the lawsuit. "The Obama administration and Secretary Vilsack
are acting aggressively, but so far the talk to the Native American is cheap."

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                               21 of 90 DOCUMENTS



                 Walsh County Press (Park River, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 29, 2015

FS A county committee nomination period in Walsh County closing soon

BYLINE: Walsh County Press staff

LENGTH: 492  words


PARK RIVER, N.D. -- Walsh County USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA) County Executive
Director Kristi Brintnell, announced that the nomination period for local FSA
county committees began on June 15, 2015. Nomination forms must be postmarked or
received in the Walsh County FSA Office by close of business on Aug. 3, 2015.

"County Committees are unique to FSA and allow producers to have a voice on
federal farm program implementation at the local level," said Brintnell.

To be eligible to serve on the FSA county committee, a person must participate
or cooperate in an agency administered program, be eligible to vote in a county
committee election and reside in the Local Administrative Area (LAA) where they
are nominated.

This year, nominations and elections will be held in LAA 3, which includes
Glenwood, Farmington, Martin, St Andrews, Fertile, Grafton, Oakwood, Acton,
Prairie Centre, Walsh Centre, Harriston, Pulaski, Ops, Forest River, Ardoch, and
Walshville Townships.

Producers may nominate themselves or others as candidates. Organizations
representing minority and women farmers and ranchers may also nominate
candidates. To become a nominee, eligible individuals must sign form FSA-669A.
The form and more information about county committee elections is available
online at: www.fsa.usda.gov/elections.

Elected county committee members serve a three-year term and are responsible for
making decisions on FSA disaster, conservation, commodity and price support
programs, as well as other important federal farm program issues. County
committees consist of three to 11 members.

"It is important that county committees are comprised of members who fairly
represent the diverse demographics of production agriculture for their
community," said Brintnell. "All producers, including women, minority and
beginning farmers and ranchers are encouraged to participate in the nomination
and election process."

FSA will mail election ballots to eligible voters beginning Nov. 9. Ballots are
due back in the Walsh County Office by mail or in person no later than Dec. 7,
2015. All newly elected county committee members and alternates will take office
January 1, 2016.

"Nominating potential county committee members, voting for candidates and
serving on the committees are truly services to your community and the
agriculture industry," said Brintnell. "County Committee members make important
decisions on how federal farm programs are administered locally to best serve
local needs and interests."

For more information about county committees, please contact the Walsh County
FSA office at (701) 284-7771 or visit www.fsa.usda.gov/elections.

"It is important that county committees are comprised of members who fairly
represent the diverse demographics of production agriculture for their
community," said Brintnell. "All producers, including women, minority and
beginning farmers and ranchers are encouraged to participate in the nomination
and election process.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WAL

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2015 Walsh County Press


                               22 of 90 DOCUMENTS


                       Los Banos Enterprise (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 15, 2011 Friday

USDA agency seeks farmer, rancher rep

BYLINE: Thaddeus Miller, Los Banos Enterprise, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 334 words


July 15--The Merced-Mariposa Farm Service Agency is seeking Merced County
farmers and ranchers to aid in the search for a Westside representative,
according to a press release.

The agency, an arm of the U.S. Department of Agriculture, wants the farmers and
ranchers to nominate candidates to represent the agriculture and conservation
concerns of greater Gustine and Los Banos.

"County committees are a vital link between the farm community and the U.S.
Department of Agriculture," the release said, "and provide a voice to
landowners, farmers and ranchers, so that they have an opportunity for their
opinions and ideas to be heard."

County committees do not preside over farm loans, but do make decisions on
disaster and conservation programs, emergency programs, commodity price support
loan programs and other agricultural issues.

The Merced County committee consists of four members, who serve three-year
terms.

To be eligible to serve on the agency county committee, candidates must
participate or cooperate in a program administered by the FSA, be eligible to
vote in a county committee election and reside in the local administrative area.

Nominations can be made by organizations representing minorities or women, and
farmers and ranchers can nominate themselves or others.

Nomination forms and other county committee information is available online at
www.fsa.usda.gov/elections. All nomination forms are due by the close of
business on Aug. 1.

The Merced FSA office is located at 2135 W. Wardrobe Ave., Suite B, in Merced,
and can be contacted by phone at (209) 722-4119, ext. 2, by fax at (209)
725-2964 or by e-mail at laura.westerfield@

ca.usda.gov.

To see more of the Los Banos Enterprise or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.losbanosenterprise.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Los Banos Enterprise,
Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110715-LU-USDA-agency-seeks-farmer-rancher-rep-0715-20110715

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LU


                Copyright 2011 Los Banos Enterprise (California)


                               23 of 90 DOCUMENTS


                           Ruidoso News (New Mexico)

                             July 28, 2011 Thursday

FSA deadline approaches

SECTION: LINCOLN COUNTY

LENGTH: 357 words


New Mexico USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA) State Executive Director Salomon
Ramirez reminded farmers, ranchers, and landowners on July 26 that the Aug. 1
deadline to nominate candidates for the local FSA county committee was fast
approaching.

Elected county committee members serve a three-year term and are responsible for
making decisions on FSA disaster, conservation, commodity, and price support
programs, as well as other federal farm program issues.

"County committee members are a valuable asset because they are local producers
who participate in FSA programs themselves and have a direct connection to
farmers and ranchers in the community," Ramirez said. "I would like to see a
high level of participation in this year's nomination and election process."

Producers may nominate themselves or others as candidates. Organizations that
represent minority and women farmers and ranchers also may nominate candidates.

Nominees must participate in a program administered by the FSA, be eligible to
vote in a county committee election, and reside in the local administrative area
in which the person is a candidate.

To become a nominee, eligible individuals must sign for FSA-669A. The form and
more information on the county committee elections are available online at:
www.fsa.usda.gov/elections

"It is important that the county committee reflects the demographics and
agricultural interests of the community these individuals represent," Ramirez
said. "I strongly encourage all producers, including women, minorities, and
beginning farmers and ranchers to participate in the nomination and election
process."

County committees are comprised of three to five members elected by local
producers. All newly elected county committee members and alternates will that
office on Jan. 2, 2012.

Nomination forms must be postmarked or received by the local USDA service center
by Aug. 1, 2011.

The service center for Lincoln County is located at 3501 Mesa Village Dr.,
Alamogordo, NM 88310. They may be reached by telephone at (575) 437-3100.

For more information about county committees, please contact your local county
FSA office or visit www.fsa.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2011 Ruidoso News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                               24 of 90 DOCUMENTS


                         Mail Tribune (Medford, Oregon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 21, 2011 Friday

Small business fair caters to farmers, ranchers, too

BYLINE: Greg Stiles, Mail Tribune, Medford, Ore.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 369 words


Oct. 21--The Jackson-Josephine County Farm Service Agency will be among the
exhibitors at the ninth-annual Rogue Valley Business Resource Fair on Saturday,
Oct. 22, in downtown Medford.

"Typically, people might not think of farming and ranching as a small business,"
said local FSA Executive Director Joe Hess, who urges beginning farmers and
ranchers to attend.

"The seminars presented at the business fair address the same issues farmers and
ranchers face, including financing for your operation, marketing your products
and even doing business on the Internet."

The business fair is Oregon's largest event of its kind outside of Portland,
providing free access to materials, resources and support to small business
owners and entrepreneurs.

One-hour seminars cover how to get money for your business, forms of ownership,
managing your finances, social media, and out-of-the-box marketing. Participants
will learn how to create a business plan, do Internet business and develop a
30-second sales pitch.

The Farm Service Agency will have information available regarding loans for
beginning farmers, including minority and women farmers. There also will be
information available on risk management options provide by FSA through disaster
assistance programs and the Non-Insurable Crop Disaster Assistance Program,
which provides crop insurance for farmers whose crops do not qualify for
insurance through commercial agents.

In addition to the educational seminars, representatives from more than 20
industry associations, government and nonprofit organizations will be on hand.
In addition to the USDA, the Small Business Administration, the Energy Trust of
Oregon, the IRS, SAIF, OSHA, the CPA's of Oregon and the Oregon Employment
Department will have a presence.

The event runs from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. at the RCC/SOU Higher Education Center, 101
Bartlett St., between Eighth and Ninth streets. For more information, see
www.businessresourcefair.org or call Ainoura Oussenbec at 541-776-6060, ext.
233.

Reach reporter Greg Stiles at 541-776-4463 or email business@mailtribune.com

___ (c)2011 the Mail Tribune (Medford, Ore.) Visit the Mail Tribune (Medford,
Ore.) at www.mailtribune.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111021-ME-Small-business-fair-caters-to-farmers-ranchers
-too-1021-20111021

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ME


                          Copyright 2011 Mail Tribune


                               25 of 90 DOCUMENTS



                      Kiowa County Press (Eads, Colorado)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 6, 2012

FSA County Committee Nominations Start June 15

BYLINE: Kiowa County Press staff

LENGTH: 343  words


Farm Service Agency (FSA) State Executive Director, Trudy Kareus announced that
county committee election nominations begin June 15, 2012. Farmers, ranchers and
landowners are encouraged to nominate farmer and rancher candidates to serve on
their local FSA county committee by the August 1, 2012 deadline.

Elected county committee members serve a three-year term and are responsible for
making decisions on FSA disaster, conservation, commodity, and price support
programs, as well as other important federal farm program issues.

"County Committees are unique to FSA and are a valuable resource that gives
locally elected farmers and ranchers who participate in FSA programs the
opportunity to impact farm programs at the local level," said SED Kareus. "I
hope to see a high level of participation during the nomination and election
process," she said.

Producers may nominate themselves or others as candidates. Organizations that
represent minority and women farmers and ranchers may also nominate candidates.
Nominees must participate in a program administered by FSA, be eligible to vote
in a county committee election and reside in the local administrative area (LAA)
in which the person is a candidate. To become a nominee, eligible individuals
must sign form FSA-669A. The form and more information about county committee
elections are available online at: www.fsa.usda.gov/elections.

"In order to have fair representation of the demographics and agricultural
interests in the community, I encourage all producers, including women, minority
and beginning farmers and ranchers to participate in the nomination and election
process," said SED Kareus.

County committees are comprised of three to five members elected by local
producers. All newly elected county committee members and alternates will take
office January 1, 2013.

Nomination forms must be postmarked or received in the local USDA Service Center
by close of business on August 1, 2012.

For more information about county committees, please contact your local FSA
service center or visit www.fsa.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KWA

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2012 Kiowa County Press


                               26 of 90 DOCUMENTS



                            Sidney Herald (Montana)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 18, 2013

County committee nomination period begins Monday

BYLINE: Sidney Herald staff

LENGTH: 448  words


U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Montana Farm Service Agency (FSA) State
Executive Director Bruce Nelson has announced that FSA county committee election
nominations begin Monday.

Farmers, ranchers and landowners are encouraged to nominate themselves or other
farmer and rancher candidates to serve on their local FSA county committee by
the Aug. 1, deadline.

Elected county committee members serve a three-year term and are responsible for
making decisions on FSA disaster, conservation, commodity, and price support
programs, as well as other important federal farm program issues.

"County committees are unique to FSA and are a valuable resource that give
locally elected farmers and ranchers who participate in FSA programs the
opportunity to impact farm programs at the local level," Nelson said. "I hope to
see a high level of participation during the nomination and election process."

Producers may nominate themselves or others as candidates. Organizations that
represent minority and women farmers and ranchers may also nominate candidates.
Nominees must participate in a program administered by FSA, be eligible to vote
in a county committee election and reside in the local administrative area (LAA)
in which the person is a candidate.

To become a nominee, eligible individuals must sign form FSA-669A. The form and
more information about county committee elections are available online at:
www.fsa.usda.gov/elections.

"In order to have fair representation of the demographics and agricultural
interests in the community, I encourage all producers, including women, minority
and beginning farmers and ranchers to participate in the nomination and election
process," Nelson said.

Nomination forms must be postmarked or received in the local USDA Service Center
by close of business on Aug. 1, Elections will take place this fall. FSA will
mail ballots to eligible voters beginning Nov. 4. The completed ballots are due
back to the local county office either via mail or in person by Dec. 2. County
committees are comprised of three to five members elected by local producers.
All newly elected county committee members and alternates will take office Jan.
1,2014.

For a written description and map of election areas open for nominations' by
county, visit www.fsa.usda. gov/mt, and on the right hand side of the page under
"I want to" click on the link next to the third bullet "View areas - by county
-open for nominations in the 2013 Montana FSA County Committee Elections". Click
on the link next to the county you would like to view and a document will open
with the description and map.

For more information, visit your local FSA county office and online at www.fsa.
usda.gov/mt.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SID

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2013 Sidney Herald


                               27 of 90 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                              June 20, 2008 Friday

FSA County Committee nominations begin

SECTION: A; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 405 words


Agriculture Secretary Ed Schafer announced farmer and rancher candidate
nominations began June 15 for local Farm Service Agency (FSA) county committees.
The nomination period continues through Aug. 1. Elections take place this fall.

"I encourage all producers to participate in the county committee election
process by nominating candidates by the Aug. 1 deadline," said Schafer. "We are
counting on as much participation as possible, because county committees are an
important link between the farm community and the U.S. Department of
Agriculture. We have seen a trend in recent years of increased nominations of
minority and women producers and we hope that will continue."

To be eligible to serve on an FSA county committee, a person must participate or
cooperate in a program administered by FSA, be eligible to vote in a county
committee election and reside in the local administrative area in which the
person is a candidate.

Producers may also nominate themselves, and organizations representing minority
and women may also nominate candidates. To become a nominee, eligible
individuals must sign form FSA-669A. The form and other valuable information
about FSA county committee elections are available online at:
http://www.fsa.usda.gov; click on News & Events, then County Committee
Elections. Nomination forms for the 2008 election must be postmarked or received
in the local USDA Service Center by close of business on Aug. 1, 2008.

FSA county committee members make decisions on disaster and conservation
programs, emergency programs, commodity price support loan programs and other
important agricultural issues. Members serve three-year terms. Nationwide, there
are more than 7,800 farmers and ranchers serving on FSA county committees.
Committees consist of three to five members who are elected by eligible local
producers.

FSA will mail ballots to producers beginning Nov. 3. The voted ballots are due
back to the local county office either via mail or in person by Dec. 1. Newly
elected committee members and alternates take office Jan. 1, 2009.

Between 2003 and 2006, the number of minority and women farmers and ranchers
nominated as candidates to FSA county committees nationwide increased 35
percent. Additionally, the number of African American producers nominated as
candidates tripled during the same period.

More information may be obtained by calling the Jo Daviess County FSA office at
815-858-3418 extension 2.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               28 of 90 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 16, 2013 Wednesday

Farm bill cuts could mean pain for low-income families and local growers

BYLINE: Staci Matlock, The Santa Fe New Mexican

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1192 words


Oct. 16--Noel and Gloria Trujillo, like many Northern New Mexico farmers,
irrigate their farm and orchard off centuries-old ditches. This acequia system
is the lifeblood of many rural villages, but during times of severe drought,
like the last three years, not enough irrigation water is available for crops.
Noel Trujillo figured a pipe system would allow him to water more efficiently.

The Trujillos applied for a federal grant that would pay a portion of the
estimated cost of the pipe system -- $15,000 to $19,000.

They were waiting for word on their application when the government shut down
and the farm bill died, both on the same day. Now Noel Trujillo, a retired
teacher, figures the couple's application "must be in limbo." And "even once the
government reopens, I'm not sure we can hit all deadlines to get things done
before the next growing season begins," he said.

The $500 billion farm bill has been around for decades and is renegotiated every
five years. It is the tool used by the federal government to set agricultural
and food policies for the nation. Most of the appropriations authorized under it
help large-scale agricultural enterprises, especially corn, soy and wheat
growers, but the bill also funds other loan and grant programs that help
small-scale farmers and ranchers like the Trujillos.

Supplemental nutrition programs, such as food stamps, that benefit low-income
families are included in the farm bill, as well. Congress is proposing deep cuts
to those programs.

More than 400 agriculture and nutrition organizations across the nation are
urging Congress to approve the long-delayed bill, currently a year behind
schedule. Several New Mexico groups are hosting an event Wednesday at the
Farmers Market Pavilion in the Santa Fe Railyard, calling for a "full and fair"
farm bill.

Food benefit cuts

One of the hang-ups in passing the farm bill is the division over cuts in
funding for food stamps. The House version of the bill cuts funding for the
country's major anti-hunger program by $40 billion over 10 years, while the
Senate version would cut the program by $4.1 billion over the decade.

If Congress approves either version, it will hurt the estimated 20,000 people in
Santa Fe County who receive food stamps, but also the small producers who have
benefited from a program that allows food stamp recipients to use their federal
aid to buy fresh produce at local farmers markets.

Peggy Boney, who owns Peggy's Produce in Mora, said she recently sold all of her
vast array of vegetables in an hour at the Mora Farmers Market. Most of her $500
in sales were to seniors and families who paid with their federal Supplemental
Nutrition Assistance Program benefit cards, or food stamp benefits. She
estimates that 70 percent to 75 percent of the women in Mora County enrolled in
the Women, Infant and Children program buy produce at the farmers market with
their benefits.

Low-income seniors like it, too. "They had their caretakers, grandchildren or
children bring them. They look forward to coming to the farmers market and
picking out traditional foods and trying foods they can't easily get here,"
Boney said.

The Trujillos say a fourth of their sales at the Espanola Farmers Market and 10
percent at the Santa Fe Farmers Market are to food stamp recipients. "What a
great deal. It allows those who need help to buy quality food," Noel Trujillo
said. "Plus, it helps the farmers because it allows them to move some of that
produce."

And food stamp recipients get double their money at the Santa Fe Farmers Market,
thanks to matching funds raised by the Santa Fe Farmers Market Institute.
Executive Director Deborah Tuck said the institute is working to raise $60,000
this year so it can offer more matching funds.

In the last year, the electronic food stamp cards, called EBT, combined with
institute's match, provided nearly $52,000 in income to producers at the Santa
Fe Farmers Market, Tuck said.

The New Mexico Department of Health issued a statement last week saying the
state's Women, Infants and Children supplemental food program is not yet
affected by the federal shutdown. Federal funds are available to keep WIC
operating through the end of October for its 59,000 recipients. If the shutdown
continues after that time, New Mexico will use more than $1 million in carryover
funding from last year's budget to keep the program open.

Fight for a fair bill

In June, the U.S. Senate, in a bipartisan 66-27 vote, approved a farm bill that
included funds for farms and nutrition programs. In mid-July, the U.S. House of
Representatives passed a Republican-sponsored "farm-only" farm bill in a 216-208
vote.

The two sides still have to iron out the differences between the bills in a
conference committee.

Advocates are turning out Wednesday in Santa Fe to push for a bill that
continues some funding for small-scale vegetable and orchard growers and
includes the nutrition programs. The event is sponsored by the New Mexico
Acequia Association, the Taos County Economic Development Corp., the American
Friends Service Committee, the Northern New Mexico Stockmans' Association and
the Santa Fe Farmers Market Institute.

Although large-scale growers, dairy farmers and ranchers who've had to reduce
herds due to the drought are primary beneficiaries of the farm bill, organic
growers, small-scale farmers and others have fought for years to have a little
money directed toward them.

"Groups working on sustainable agriculture and equity for minority and women
farmers were able to achieve important changes," said Paula Garcia, executive
director of the New Mexico Acequia Association. "Programs for farmers markets,
organic certification, and beginning farmers and ranchers."

Every five years, those groups have had to fight to keep the programs and expand
them as part of the farm bill.

Locally marketed foods in the U.S. resulted in an estimated $4.8 billion in
gross sales in 2008, the number of farmers markets climbed 17 percent in 2011,
and all 50 states have created farm-to-school programs, according to the
National Sustainable Agriculture Coalition.

"It seems like an overall farm bill ought to be able to help those who are
growing food to grow it more efficiently and help those in need to buy it," Noel
Trujillo said. "But it seems like Congress would rather help big agribusiness
with millions of dollars instead of helping those at the other end [small
farmers].

"Seems like they have it reversed. Seems like they should be helping the small
farmers," he added.

Some of the bills advocates want to see folded into the farm bill are the
Beginning Farmer and Rancher Opportunity Act (H.R.1727 and S.837) and the Local
Farms, Food, and Jobs Act (S.679 and H.R.1414).

Garcia said aid such as disaster assistance from the Farm Service Agency is
crucial for new farms. "When that buffer isn't there for farmers and ranchers,"
she said, "things are that much rougher."

Contact Staci Matlock at 986-3055 or smatlock@sfnewmexican.com Follow her on
Twitter @stacimatlock.

___ (c)2013 The Santa Fe New Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) Visit The Santa Fe New
Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) at www.santafenewmexican.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20131016-SF-Farm-bill-cuts-could-mean-pain-for-low-income-families-and-local-gro
wers-1016-20131016

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SF


                    Copyright 2013 The Santa Fe New Mexican


                               29 of 90 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 16, 2013 Wednesday

Proposed cuts in farm bill could mean pain for low-income families and local
growers

BYLINE: Staci Matlock, The Santa Fe New Mexican

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1193 words


Oct. 16--Noel and Gloria Trujillo, like many Northern New Mexico farmers,
irrigate their farm and orchard off centuries-old ditches. This acequia system
is the lifeblood of many rural villages, but during times of severe drought,
like the last three years, not enough irrigation water is available for crops.
Noel Trujillo figured a pipe system would allow him to water more efficiently.

The Trujillos applied for a federal grant that would pay a portion of the
estimated cost of the pipe system -- $15,000 to $19,000.

They were waiting for word on their application when the government shut down
and the farm bill died, both on the same day. Now Noel Trujillo, a retired
teacher, figures the couple's application "must be in limbo." And "even once the
government reopens, I'm not sure we can hit all deadlines to get things done
before the next growing season begins," he said.

The $500 billion farm bill has been around for decades and is renegotiated every
five years. It is the tool used by the federal government to set agricultural
and food policies for the nation. Most of the appropriations authorized under it
help large-scale agricultural enterprises, especially corn, soy and wheat
growers, but the bill also funds other loan and grant programs that help
small-scale farmers and ranchers like the Trujillos.

Supplemental nutrition programs, such as food stamps, that benefit low-income
families are included in the farm bill, as well. Congress is proposing deep cuts
to those programs.

More than 400 agriculture and nutrition organizations across the nation are
urging Congress to approve the long-delayed bill, currently a year behind
schedule. Several New Mexico groups are hosting an event Wednesday at the
Farmers Market Pavilion in the Santa Fe Railyard, calling for a "full and fair"
farm bill.

Food benefit cuts

One of the hang-ups in passing the farm bill is the division over cuts in
funding for food stamps. The House version of the bill cuts funding for the
country's major anti-hunger program by $40 billion over 10 years, while the
Senate version would cut the program by $4.1 billion over the decade.

If Congress approves either version, it will hurt the estimated 20,000 people in
Santa Fe County who receive food stamps, but also the small producers who have
benefited from a program that allows food stamp recipients to use their federal
aid to buy fresh produce at local farmers markets.

Peggy Boney, who owns Peggy's Produce in Mora, said she recently sold all of her
vast array of vegetables in an hour at the Mora Farmers Market. Most of her $500
in sales were to seniors and families who paid with their federal Supplemental
Nutrition Assistance Program benefit cards, or food stamp benefits. She
estimates that 70 percent to 75 percent of the women in Moral County enrolled in
the Women, Infant and Children program buy produce at the farmers market with
their benefits.

Low-income seniors like it, too. "They had their caretakers, grandchildren or
children bring them. They look forward to coming to the farmers market and
picking out traditional foods and trying foods they can't easily get here,"
Boney said.

The Trujillos say a fourth of their sales at the Espanola Farmers Market and 10
percent at the Santa Fe Farmers Market are to food stamp recipients. "What a
great deal. It allows those who need help to buy quality food," Noel Trujillo
said. "Plus, it helps the farmers because it allows them to move some of that
produce."

And food stamp recipients get double their money at the Santa Fe Farmers Market,
thanks to matching funds raised by the Santa Fe Farmers Market Institute.
Executive Director Deborah Tuck said the institute is working to raise $60,000
this year so it can offer more matching funds.

In the last year, the electronic food stamp cards, called EBT, combined with
institute's match, provided nearly $52,000 in income to producers at the Santa
Fe Farmers Market, Tuck said.

The New Mexico Department of Health issued a statement last week saying the
state's Women, Infants and Children supplemental food program is not yet
affected by the federal shutdown. Federal funds are available to keep WIC
operating through the end of October for its 59,000 recipients. If the shutdown
continues after that time, New Mexico will use more than $1 million in carryover
funding from last year's budget to keep the program open.

Fight for a fair bill

In June, the U.S. Senate, in a bipartisan 66-27 vote, approved a farm bill that
included funds for farms and nutrition programs. In mid-July, the U.S. House of
Representatives passed a Republican-sponsored "farm-only" farm bill in a 216-208
vote.

The two sides still have to iron out the differences between the bills in a
conference committee.

Advocates are turning out Wednesday in Santa Fe to push for a bill that
continues some funding for small-scale vegetable and orchard growers and
includes the nutrition programs. The event is sponsored by the New Mexico
Acequia Association, the Taos County Economic Development Corp., the American
Friends Service Committee, the Northern New Mexico Stockmans' Association and
the Santa Fe Farmers Market Institute.

Although large-scale growers, dairy farmers and ranchers who've had to reduce
herds due to the drought are primary beneficiaries of the farm bill, organic
growers, small-scale farmers and others have fought for years to have a little
money directed toward them.

"Groups working on sustainable agriculture and equity for minority and women
farmers were able to achieve important changes," said Paula Garcia, executive
director of the New Mexico Acequia Association. "Programs for farmers markets,
organic certification, and beginning farmers and ranchers."

Every five years, those groups have had to fight to keep the programs and expand
them as part of the farm bill.

Locally marketed foods in the U.S. resulted in an estimated $4.8 billion in
gross sales in 2008, the number of farmers markets climbed 17 percent in 2011,
and all 50 states have created farm-to-school programs, according to the
National Sustainable Agriculture Coalition.

"It seems like an overall farm bill ought to be able to help those who are
growing food to grow it more efficiently and help those in need to buy it," Noel
Trujillo said. "But it seems like Congress would rather help big agribusiness
with millions of dollars instead of helping those at the other end [small
farmers].

"Seems like they have it reversed. Seems like they should be helping the small
farmers," he added.

Some of the bills advocates want to see folded into the farm bill are the
Beginning Farmer and Rancher Opportunity Act (H.R.1727 and S.837) and the Local
Farms, Food, and Jobs Act (S.679 and H.R.1414).

Garcia said aid such as disaster assistance from the Farm Service Agency is
crucial for new farms. "When that buffer isn't there for farmers and ranchers,"
she said, "things are that much rougher."

Contact Staci Matlock at 986-3055 or smatlock@sfnewmexican.com Follow her on
Twitter @stacimatlock.

___ (c)2013 The Santa Fe New Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) Visit The Santa Fe New
Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) at www.santafenewmexican.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20131016-SF-Proposed-cuts-in-farm-bill-could-mean-pain-for-low-income-families-a
nd-local-growers-1016-20131016

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SF


                    Copyright 2013 The Santa Fe New Mexican


                               30 of 90 DOCUMENTS



                   Clovis Livestock Market News (New Mexico)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 27, 2011

Nominations open for FSA county committees

BYLINE: Clovis Livestock Market News staff

LENGTH: 356  words


ALBUQUERQUE-County committee election nominations begin June 15 for the New
Mexico USDA Farm Service Agency.

Farmers, ranchers and landowners are encouraged to nominate farmer and rancher
candidates to serve on their local FSA county committee by the August 1, 2011
deadline.

Elected county committee members serve a three-year term and are responsible for
making decisions on FSA disaster, conservation, commodity, and price support
programs, as well as other important federal farm program issues.

"County committee members are a valuable asset because they are local producers
who participate in FSA programs themselves and have a direct connection to
farmers and ranchers in the community," said New Mexico USDA Farm Service Agency
(FSA) State Executive Director Salomon Ramirez. "I would like to see a high
level of participation in this year's nomination and election process," he said.

Producers may nominate themselves or others as candidates. Organizations that
represent minority and women farmers and ranchers may also nominate candidates.
Nominees must participate in a program administered by FSA, be eligible to vote
in a county committee election and reside in the local administrative area (LAA)
in which the person is a candidate. To become a nominee, eligible individuals
must sign form FSA-669A. The form and more information County committees about
county committee are comprised of three elections are available to five members
elected online at: www.fsa.usda. by local producers. All gov/elections. newly
elected county

"It is important that committee members and the county committee realternates
will take of-flects the demographics fice January 2, 2012. and agricultural
interests Nomination forms of the community these must be postmarked or
individuals represent," received in the local Ramirez said. "I strongly USDA
Service Center encourage all produce - by close of business on ers, including
women, August 1, 2011.

For more information farmers and ranchers about county commit-to participate in
the tees, contact your local nomination and election County FSA office or
process," he said. visit www.fsa.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CVM

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                  Copyright 2011 Clovis Livestock Market News


                               31 of 90 DOCUMENTS



                            East Anglian Daily Times

                             July 26, 2014 Saturday

Women farmers 'on the rise'

BYLINE: PR Script Managers

SECTION: EACO

LENGTH: 1053 words


When Lotty Barbour's father died suddenly of a heart attack one summer, she felt
she had no choice but to see in the harvest.

After that, it was a case of just getting on with it.

The late William Barbour had three daughters and no sons, so the girls grew up
knowing their way around the farm.



"I wasn't intimidated - I saw it as a challenge," she says. "We had to get on
with the job."

Ten years on, Lotty, now 45, still manages Manor Farm at Cratfield, near
Halesworth, and is part of a small but growing army of women farmers. It's a
group that feels optimistic about their future within the industry, as a recent
survey by Barclays Business has revealed.

It found that nearly nine in 10 women farmers felt positive, and predicts that
the numbers of women farmers will rise over the next two or three years.

"I didn't have a brother so we were all expected to help on the farm, so it was
us or nothing. Our father was always happy to let me help," she explains.

"I took over the farm because we suddenly lost my father just before harvest so
therefore there was a farm here with crops that had grown for the year and a
harvest to come in."

From then on, Lotty took over the day-to-day management of the farm. One sister,
Vicky Lockie, is a silent partner in the arable business, while her other
sister, Sara Saunders, is a farm secretary in her own right and provides support
on the accounts side.

Lotty admits it was "a very steep learning curve" but she had studied
agriculture at college and managed a farm park. She points out that there have
always been women farmers, such as her own great aunt, who farmed from the 1960s
to the 1980s in Bedfordshire.

"I don't think it's a case that there were no woman in farming, I think it was a
case that it was fewer. I know of people way back that ran the farm. It's not
totally unique, but it's just a case that we have been a minority and we have
obviously been working in what people presume is a man's world," she says.

"There's getting more of us, and I'm obviously pro that."

Lotty's is a small farm by today's standards in East Anglia, at 320 acres. She
grows wheat and oilseed rape and separately keeps about 120 calves on the beef
side of the operation. She sells the beef under the Cratfield Beef label. She is
inevitably very hands-on, dealing with both the management and the physical work
on the farm. But technology, whether in the field or in the office, is now an
integral part of what she does.

"There's a lot more machinery about to help us, but I think we are also the
types of people who'll muck in and get our hands dirty," she says.

"A lot of old-school farmers that are retiring now think women can't do it,
whereas the more modern thinking ones think they can.

"I know on farms some people have had a real fight to get involved at all."

Meanwhile, Lotty's partner, James Scoones, works independently on his own farm
although there is some crossover.

The Barclays report, Women in Farming: The Changing Face of Agriculture in the
UK, surveyed 1,410 women farmers. It found that women are becoming increasingly
important to the future success of UK farms.  Latest official figures from the
Office for National Statistics (ONS) show the number of women farmers has
swelled to 23,000 compared to 19,000 male farmers.

The study found younger female farmers are the most optimistic, with 40% under
the age of 24 and 40% of those aged 25 - 34 saying they were very optimistic
about the future of their farm, higher than any other female age group.

This outlook was shared by younger female farmers when it comes to the role of
women in agriculture in the future. Nearly four in 10 (39%) of those under 24
years old are optimistic about the role of women in agriculture in the future,
alongside 42% of 25 - 34 year olds - again, more than any other age groups.
Technology and improvements in machinery are probably the biggest contributing
factor allowing women to take a more dominant role within the industry.

National agricultural specialist Oliver McEntyre said: "The nature of the
farming industry is changing for women, aided by developments in technology
there is now less focus on physical strength and more focus on budget and
managing the business. As such, female farmers have seen their roles change and
grow over recent years, leading to increased optimism.

"We have seen the number of female owned farming businesses increase by 3% in
recent years, particularly strong in lowland cattle and sheep farms 11% and farm
services, excluding vets, 10%  and we anticipate further growth over the next
two to three years as well. This increased optimism has resulted in our lending
to agricultural businesses increasing by 13% over the past year.

The Barclays Agriculture report revealed that female farmers believe their top
greatest strengths lie in office management (66%), domestic duties (52%)
practical work (42%) and business strategy (40%) and staff management (29%),
highlighting the range of areas they now cover.  Further still when it comes to
practical duties outside of the office 81% say they tend to livestock compared
to 66% of men, 66% of women say they undertake young stock management compared
to 50% of men, and 25% of women who perform practical duties undertake milking
compared to 16% of men.

Outside of the farm work, more women also have other employment than men. More
than a quarter (27%) of women undertake extra employment off the farm but within
the agricultural industry compared to 22% of men.

An additional 23% also have other employment in a completely different industry
to agriculture, compared to just 12% of male farmers. The main reason cited for
the extra work is personal financial need with 33% of women saying this is the
case compared to 28% of men.

National Farmers Union deputy president Minette Batters said: "There are
increasingly more women coming into agriculture, judging by the number in
agricultural colleges and universities.

"There are greater opportunities to be involved in farming-related businesses
and the wider industry that doesn't involve acquiring land - science and
retailing, for example. Women have played a key role in many diversification
projects, as well as being the backbone of traditional farming practice.

"I'm not surprised that the survey shows them to be very optimistic about the
future."

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EAD


                    Copyright 2014 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               32 of 90 DOCUMENTS



                        West Lyon Herald (Inwood, Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 1, 2015

FSA County Committee nomination period in Lyon County now open

BYLINE: West Lyon Herald staff

LENGTH: 339  words


Lyon County USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA) Executive Director, Acting CED Lesley
Duis, announced that the nomination period for local FSA county committees began
on June 15, 2015. Nomination forms must be postmarked or received in the Lyon
County FSA Office by close of business on Aug. 3, 2015.

"County Committees are unique to FSA and allow producers to have a voice on
federal farm program implementation at the local level," said Acting CED Duis.

To be eligible to serve on the FSA county committee, a person must participate
or cooperate in an agency administered program, be eligible to vote in a county
committee election and reside in the Local Administrative Area (LAA) where they
are nominated.

This year, nominations and elections will be held in LAA 2, which includes
Allison, Cleveland, Doon, Garfield, Riverside, and Rock Townships.

Producers may nominate themselves or others as candidates. Organizations
representing minority and women farmers and ranchers may also nominate
candidates. To become a nominee, eligible individuals must sign form FSA-669A.
The form and more information about county committee elections is available
online at: www.fsa.usda.gov/elections.

Elected county committee members serve a three-year term and are responsible for
making decisions on FSA disaster, conservation, commodity and price support
programs, as well as other important federal farm program issues. County
committees consist of three to 11 members.

"It is important that county committees are comprised of members who fairly
represent the diverse demographics of production agriculture for their
community," said Acting CED Duis. "All producers, including women, minority and
beginning farmers and ranchers are encouraged to participate in the nomination
and election process."

FSA will mail election ballots to eligible voters beginning Nov. 9. Ballots are
due back in the Lyon County Office by mail or in person no later than Dec. 7,
2015. All newly elected county committee members and alternates will take office
January 1, 2016.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WLY

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2015 West Lyon Herald


                               33 of 90 DOCUMENTS



                                    The Sun

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 1, 2015

FSA accepting county committee nominations;
Sugar Creek, Looking glass township members sought

BYLINE: The Trenton Sun staff

LENGTH: 414  words


Clinton County USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA) Executive Director Mike Eggerman
has announced that the nomination period for local FSA county committees began
on June 15, 2015. Nomination forms must be postmarked or received in the Clinton
County FSA Office by close of business on August 3, 2015.

"County Committees are unique to FSA and allow producers to have a voice on
federal farm program implementation at the local level," said Eggerman.

To be eligible to serve on the FSA county committee, a person must participate
or cooperate in an agency-administered program, be eligible to vote in a county
committee election and reside in the Local Administrative Area (LAA) where they
are nominated.

This year, nominations and elections will be held in LAA 1, which includes Sugar
Creek, Lookingglass, St. Rose, Breese, and Germantown Townships.

Producers may nominate themselves or others as candidates. Organizations
representing minority and women farmers and ranchers may also nominate
candidates. To become a nominee, eligible individuals must sign form FSA-669A.
The form and more information about county committee elections is available
online at: www.fsa.usda.gov/elections.

Elected county committee members serve three-year terms and are responsible for
making decisions on FSA disaster, conservation, commodity and price support
programs, as well as other important federal farm program issues. County
committees consist of three to 11 members.

"It is important that county committees are comprised of members who fairly
represent the demographics of production agriculture for their community," said
Eggerman. "All producers, including women, minority and beginning farmers and
ranchers are encouraged to participate in the nomination and election process."

FSA will mail election ballots to eligible voters beginning November 9. Ballots
are due back in the Clinton County Office by mail or in person no later than
December 7. All newly elected county committee members and alternates will take
office January 1.

"Nominating potential county committee members, voting for candidates and
serving on the committees are truly services to your community and the
agriculture industry," said Eggerman. "County Committee members make important
decisions on how federal farm programs are administered locally to best serve
local needs and interests."

For more information about county committees, please contact the Clinton County
FSA office at 526-7815 or visit www.fsa.usda.gov/elections.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TSU

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                             Copyright 2015 The Sun


                               34 of 90 DOCUMENTS



                    Lyon County Reporter (Rock Rapids, Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 1, 2015

FSA County Committee nomination period in Lyon County now open

BYLINE: Lyon County Reporter staff

LENGTH: 339  words


Lyon County USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA) Executive Director, Acting CED Lesley
Duis, announced that the nomination period for local FSA county committees began
on June 15, 2015. Nomination forms must be postmarked or received in the Lyon
County FSA Office by close of business on Aug. 3, 2015.

"County Committees are unique to FSA and allow producers to have a voice on
federal farm program implementation at the local level," said Acting CED Duis.

To be eligible to serve on the FSA county committee, a person must participate
or cooperate in an agency administered program, be eligible to vote in a county
committee election and reside in the Local Administrative Area (LAA) where they
are nominated.

This year, nominations and elections will be held in LAA 2, which includes
Allison, Cleveland, Doon, Garfield, Riverside, and Rock Townships.

Producers may nominate themselves or others as candidates. Organizations
representing minority and women farmers and ranchers may also nominate
candidates. To become a nominee, eligible individuals must sign form FSA-669A.
The form and more information about county committee elections is available
online at: www.fsa.usda.gov/elections.

Elected county committee members serve a three-year term and are responsible for
making decisions on FSA disaster, conservation, commodity and price support
programs, as well as other important federal farm program issues. County
committees consist of three to 11 members.

"It is important that county committees are comprised of members who fairly
represent the diverse demographics of production agriculture for their
community," said Acting CED Duis. "All producers, including women, minority and
beginning farmers and ranchers are encouraged to participate in the nomination
and election process."

FSA will mail election ballots to eligible voters beginning Nov. 9. Ballots are
due back in the Lyon County Office by mail or in person no later than Dec. 7,
2015. All newly elected county committee members and alternates will take office
January 1, 2016.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LYC

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2015 Lyon County Reporter


                               35 of 90 DOCUMENTS



          The Lamar Democrat and The Sulligent News (Vernon, Alabama)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 1, 2015

FSA County Committee Nomination Period Open

BYLINE: The Lamar Democrat and Sulligent News staff

LENGTH: 485  words


Fayette/Lamar County USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA) Executive Director Cindy G.
Owens, announced that the nomination period for local FSA county committees
began on June 15, 2015. Nomination forms must be postmarked or received in the
Fayette/Lamar County FSA Office by close of business on Aug. 3, 2015.

"County Committees are unique to FSA and allow producers to have a voice on
federal farm program implementation at the local level," said Owens.

To be eligible to serve on the FSA county committee, a person must participate
or cooperate in an agency administered program, be eligible to vote in a county
committee election and reside in the Local Administrative Area (LAA) where they
are nominated.

This year, nominations and elections will be held in LAA 1, which includes the
Fayette County Voting Beats of Town; Ridge; Stough; Hico; Lee; Stonewall and
Hankins.

Producers may nominate themselves or others as candidates. Organizations
representing minority and women farmers and ranchers may also nominate
candidates. To become a nominee, eligible individuals must sign form FS A-669A.
The form and more information about county committee elections are available
online at: www.fsa.usda.gov/elections.

Elected county committee members serve a three-year term and are responsible for
making decisions on FSA disaster, conservation, commodity and price support
programs, as well as other important federal farm program issues. County
committees consist of three to 11 members.

"It is important that county committees are comprised of members who fairly
represent the diverse demographics of production agriculture for their
community," said Owens. "'All producers, including women, minority and beginning
fanners and ranchers are encouraged to participate in the nomination and
election process."

FSA will mail election ballots to eligible voters beginning Nov. 9. Ballots are
due back in the Fayette/Lamar County Office by mail or in person no later than
Dec. 7, 2015. All newly elected county committee members and alternates will
take office January 1. 2016.

"Nominating potential county committee members, voting for candidates and
serving on the committees are truly services to your community and the
agriculture industry,' said Owens. "County Committee members make important
decisions on how federal farm programs are administered locally to best serve
local needs and interests."

For more information about county committees, please contact the Fayette/Lamar
County FSA office at (205) 932-8959, extension 2 or visit
www.fsa.usda.gov/elections.

USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer. To file a complaint of
discrimination, write: USDA, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights,
Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Ave., SW, Washington, DC 20250-9410 or
call (866) 632-9992 (Toll-free Customer Service), (800) 877-8339 (Local or
Federal relay), (866) 377-8642 (Relay voice users).

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LSU

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
            Copyright 2015 The Lamar Democrat and The Sulligent News


                               36 of 90 DOCUMENTS



                         Heppner Gazette-Times (Oregon)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 1, 2015

FSA county committee nomination period in Morrow County now open

BYLINE: Heppner Gazette-Times staff

LENGTH: 411  words


Heppner -- Morrow County USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA) Executive Director Kyle
Carnine, announced that the nomination period for local FSA county committees
began on June 15. Nomination forms must be postmarked or received in the Morrow
County FSA Office by close of business on Aug. 3.

"County Committees are unique to FSA and allow producers to have a voice on
federal farm program implementation at the local level," said Carnine.

To be eligible to serve on the FSA county committee, a person must participate
or cooperate in an agency administered program, be eligible to vote in a county
committee election and reside in the Local Administrative Area (LAA) where they
are nominated.

This year, nominations and elections will be held in LAA 1, which includes the
northern portion of Morrow County and the Butter Creek area.

Producers may nominate themselves or others as candidates. Organizations
representing minority and women farmers and ranchers may also nominate
candidates. To become a nominee, eligible individuals must sign form FSA-669A.
The form and more information about county committee elections is available
online at www.fsa.usda.gov/elections.

Elected county committee members serve a three-year term and are responsible for
making decisions on FSA disaster, conservation, commodity and price support
programs, as well as other important federal farm program issues. County
committees consist of three to 11 members.

"It is important that county committees are comprised of members who fairly
represent the diverse demographics of production agriculture for their
community," said Carnine. "All producers, including women, minority and
beginning farmers and ranchers are encouraged to participate in the nomination
and election process."

FSA will mail election ballots to eligible voters beginning Nov. 9. Ballots are
due back in the Morrow County office by mail or in person no later than Dec. 7.
All newly-elected county committee members and alternates will take office
January 1, 2016.

"Nominating potential county committee members, voting for candidates and
serving on the committees are truly services to your community and the
agriculture industry," said Carnine. "County Committee members make important
decisions on how federal farm programs are administered locally to best serve
local needs and interests."

For more information about county committees, contact the Morrow County FSA
office at 541-676-9011 or visit www.fsa.usda.gov/elections.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HGT

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2015 Heppner Gazette-Times


                               37 of 90 DOCUMENTS



            The Hansford County Reporter-Statesman (Spearman, Texas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 2, 2015

FSA County Committee Nomination Period Now Open

BYLINE: The Hansford County Reporter-Statesman staff

LENGTH: 447  words


Hansford/Hutchinson County USDA the nomination period for local FSA Farm Service
Agency (FSA) Executive county committees began on June 15, Director Rick
Hargrove, announced that 2015. Nomination forms must be postmarked or received
in the Hansford County FSA Office by close of business on Aug. 3, 2015.

"County Committees are unique to FSA and allow producers to have a voice on
federal farm program implementation at the local level," said Hargrove.

To be eligible to serve on the FSA county committee, a person must participate
or cooperate in an agency administered-program, be eligible to vote in a county
committee election and reside in the Local Administrative Area (LAA) where they
are nominated.

This year, nominations and elections will be held in LAA1, which includes from
Old Hansford following the Palo Duro to the Ochiltree County Line and from
McKibben South to the Hutchinson County line.

Nominations and elections will also be held in LAA4, which includes 99% of the
cropland in Hutchinson County Producers may nominate themselves or others as
candidates. Organizations representing minority and women farmers and ranchers
may also nominate candidates. To become a nominee, eligible individuals must
sign form FSA-669A. The form and more information about county committee
elections is available online at: www.fsa.usda.gov/elections.

Elected county committee members serve a three-year term and are responsible for
making decisions on FSA disaster, conservation, commodity and price support
programs, as well as other important federal farm program issues. County
committees consist of three to 11 members.

"It is important that county committees are comprised of members who fairly
represent the diverse demographics of production agriculture for their
community," said Hargrove. "All producers, including women, minority and
beginning farmers and ranchers are encouraged to participate in the nomination
and election process."

FSA will mail election ballots to eligible voters beginning Nov. 9. Ballots are
Sue back in the Hansfsord County Office by mail or in person no later than Dec.
7, 2015. All newly elected county committee members and alternates will take
office January 1, 2016.

"Nominating potential county committee members, voting for candidates and
serving on the committees are truly services to your community and the
agriculture industry," said Hargrove. "County Committee members make important
decisions on how federal farm programs are administered locally to best serve
local needs and interests."

For more information about county committees, please contact the Hansford County
FSA office at 806-659-3036 Ext. 2 or visit www.fsa.usda.gov/elections.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HCR

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
             Copyright 2015 The Hansford County Reporter-Statesman


                               38 of 90 DOCUMENTS



            The Hansford County Reporter-Statesman (Spearman, Texas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 30, 2015

FSA County Committee Nomination Period in Hansford/Hutchinson Counties Now Open

BYLINE: The Hansford County Reporter-Statesman staff

LENGTH: 447  words


Hansford/Hutchinson County USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA) Executive Director
Rick Hargrove, announced that the nomination period for local FSA county
committees began on June 15, 2015. Nomination forms must be postmarked or
received in the Hansford County FSA Office by close of business on Aug. 3. 2015.

"County Committees are unique to FSA and allow producers to have a voice on
federal farm program implementation at the local level," said Hargrove.

To be eligible to serve on the FSA county committee, a person must participate
or cooperate in an agency administered program, be eligible to vote in a county
committee election and reside in the Local Administrative Area (LAA) where they
are nominated.

This year, nominations and elections will be held in LAA1, which includes from
Old Hansford following the Palo Duro to the Ochiltree County Line and from
McKibben South to the Hutchinson County line.

Nominations and elections will also be held in LAA4, which includes 99% of the
cropland in Hutchinson County.

Producers may nominate themselves or others as candidates. Organizations
representing minority and women farmers and ranchers may also nominate
candidates. To become a nominee, eligible individuals must sign form FSA-669A.
The form and more information about county committee elections is available
online at: www.fsa.usda.gov/elections.

Elected county committee members serve a three-year term and are responsible for
making decisions on FSA disaster, conservation, commodity and price support
programs, as well as other important federal farm program issues. County
committees consist of three to 11 members.

"It is important that county committees are comprised of members who fairly
represent the diverse demographics of production agriculture for their
community," said Hargrove. "All producers, including women, minority and
beginning fanners and ranchers are encouraged to participate in the nomination
and election process."

FSA will mail election ballots to eligible voters beginning Nov. 9. Ballots are
due back in the Hansfsord County Office by mail or in person no later than Dec.
7, 2015. All newly elected county committee members and alternates will take
office January 1, 2016.

"Nominating potential county committee members, voting for candidates and
serving on die committees are truly services to your community and the
agriculture industry," said Hargrove. "County Committee members make important
decisions on how federal farm programs are administered locally to best serve
local needs and interests."

For more information about county committees, please contact the Hansford County
FSA office at 806-659-3036 Ext. 2 or visit www.fsa.usda.gov/elections.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HCR

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
             Copyright 2015 The Hansford County Reporter-Statesman


                               39 of 90 DOCUMENTS



                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             July 9, 2011 Saturday

SOME FARMERS TO GET PAYOUTS

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 220 words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture is offering payouts of up to $50,000 to
minority farmers who were denied or delayed a farm loan because of their gender
or ethnicity, costing them their land and crops.

The USDA has acknowledged the discrimination and announced this year the Women
and Hispanic Claims Program, urging all female and Hispanic farmers and ranchers
who can demonstrate they were wronged or discriminated against between 1981 and
2000 to file a claim.

"For the first time, Hispanic, black, Native American and women farmers now have
a meaningful approach to bring resolution to their claims which provides an
option for compensation for individuals who may have faced discrimination," a
USDA spokesperson said. "At the same time, individuals should choose a legal
path that best fits their personal situation."

The department will provide at least $1.33 billion to resolve discrimination
claims, plus up to $160 million in farm debt relief to eligible Hispanic and
female farmers and ranchers.

Hispanic or female farmers who provide additional proof and meet other
requirements can receive up to $50,000 in compensation.

Filing a claim is free. Interested women or Hispanic farmers and ranchers can go
to farmerclaims.org and request a claim package, which will include forms and
instructions for filing a claim.

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2011 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                               40 of 90 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                        March 6, 2015 Friday 3:56 PM GMT

International Women's Day: tackling gender equality in supply chains;
A new study published by the Fairtrade Foundation says that enabling more women
to participate in agricultural supply chains can benefit businesses and support
global development

BYLINE: Nicola Frame

SECTION: SUSTAINABLE BUSINESS - FAIRTRADE PARTNER ZONE

LENGTH: 1196 words


After more than a century, some might question whether we still need
International Women's Day as a platform for championing women's rights. Women
who have broken through the glass ceiling in business, politics or the media,
are held up as proof that there are now equal opportunities in our workplaces
and in society at large. But while responsible businesses are likely to have a
gender policy in place for the staff that they employ, most still have some work
to do to ensure that gender equality extends right along their supply chain.

In agriculture, for example, women make up half the workforce in developing
countries. Yet according to Equal Harvest, a new study published this week by
the Fairtrade Foundation, women are significantly under-represented in the
organisations that grow the produce we consume and use every day, such as
bananas, cotton and tea. Just 22% of the farmers who are registered members of
the 1,210 small producer organisations certified by Fairtrade are women, despite
the fact that Fairtrade Standards support gender equality and encourage the
participation of minority groups, including women.

Related: International Tea Day: choose a cuppa that makes a difference

Focusing on banana growers in the Dominican Republic, cotton growers in India
and tea growers in Kenya, Fairtrade's study found that legal, social and
cultural norms often act as barriers to women's participation in agricultural
supply chains. In some of the countries where Fairtrade works, membership of
co-operatives can be dependent on owning land or crops, which are traditionally
registered to the men in the family. In others, there can be an expectation that
women will undertake most of the domestic work in the home, which means they
have less time to participate in producer groups. Some agricultural work may be
deemed inappropriate for women, or it may not be acceptable for them to travel
alone, restricting their ability to participate in co-operative meetings.

Although the Fairtrade Premium is often invested in projects that benefit women,
such as access to childcare or training to help them diversify their income,
Fairtrade says that increasing the participation of women could increase their
income, influence and independence, while also delivering benefits for
businesses and supporting global development efforts. "Greater involvement of
women farmers can boost productivity, which means more income for farmers and
their families, and a more sustainable supply chain for businesses," says
Shivani Reddy, policy manager at the Fairtrade Foundation. "Research shows that
when women are in control of more household income, there are improved
development outcomes in areas such as health and education, and businesses can
also turn women's involvement into a selling point."

Businesses that have seen the potential to bring new products to market include
Equal Exchange, which has a range of Grown By Women products, and Sainsbury's,
which introduced a Rwandan "women's coffee" to its Taste the Difference range in
2014. A three-year Women In Coffee project launched by Fairtrade Africa and the
Fairtrade Foundation earlier this year, with a grant from the Big Lottery Fund,
will transfer coffee bush ownership to women coffee farmers in Kenya and train
them in good agricultural practices, with the aim of increasing yields and
branding their produce as "women's coffee" for the domestic market.

Related: Say 'I love you' with Fairtrade flowers

A number of producer organisations are already taking active steps to increase
the participation of women. Kuapa Kokoo, the Ghanaian cocoa co-operative that
owns 45% of Divine Chocolate, has formed district level gender committees and
almost half of its National Executive Council members, including the current
president, are women. In Morocco, a group of 60 women farmers challenged a
long-standing local tradition that a woman's husband or father was the sole
breadwinner, when they established Tighanimine, the first argan oil cooperative.
Another small producer group, in India, has used funds from the government to
set up an all-women producer organisation in Odisha.

During Fairtrade's research, a female banana producer in the Dominican Republic
explained that enabling women to become members of producer organisations is
important to them because "it gives women the right to vote, to participate in
decision making, to receive benefits and to live with dignity." A male cotton
producer in India said that women should be supported to take up leadership
positions within producer groups, because "women are more disciplined and
organised and will run these institutions better, whereas men fight amongst
themselves and let egos come in the way."

Women farmers hold a number of leadership roles at the Manarcadu Social Service
Society, a co-operative in Kerala that brings together 1,600 small-scale farmers
who grow organic and Fairtrade-certified coffee, cocoa and spices. The treasurer
is a woman, and so too is the chairperson of one of the sub-committees. Bijumon
Kurian, the co-operative's president says that increasing the participation of
women farmers is one of his goals. "We have a rule that [co-operative members]
should own the land. In most cases, men own the land and that is our challenge,
but we are promoting the benefits for women." Bujimon's wife, Sheena is in
charge of production and says women make good leaders because "women communicate
with every party, more so than men. They talk to the ladies in other houses,
they don't want to hide anything."

Related: On its way: Fairtrade gold from Africa

As the world celebrates International Women's Day, Fairtrade is calling for
businesses to work with governments, NGOs and other agencies, to support and
incentivise the producer organisations they work with to address gender
equality. "Most organisations already have some internal expertise on gender and
diversity, but they may not be sharing that with their buying or corporate
social responsibility teams," says Fairtrade's Shivani Reddy. "As a first step,
we would encourage businesses to invest in some supply chain analysis that can
form the basis of a gender action plan. They may also want to consider offering
financial or technical support to the producer organisations they work with, to
assist them in developing their own gender plans."

As part of its own efforts to increase the participation of women, Fairtrade
International recently appointed a gender specialist, Dr Tsitsi Choruma. "While
there are already some great examples of Fairtrade producer organisations
working to remove the barriers to women's participation, there is still much
more work to be done," Dr Choruma said. "Achieving gender equality for women
farmers will require a concerted and collaborative effort from everyone in the
supply chain, so I look forward to working closely with producers and with
businesses as we seek to ensure that women get their fair share of the benefits
of Fairtrade."

International Women's Day is celebrated on March 8.

Content on this page is paid for and provided by Fairtrade Foundation

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               41 of 90 DOCUMENTS


              Grayson County News Gazette (Leitchfield, Kentucky)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              June 20, 2016 Monday

Grayson County FSA nomination period begins

BYLINE: Grayson County News-Gazette, Leitchfield, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 400 words


June 20--The nomination period for the Grayson County FSA county committee began
on June 15, 2016. Nomination forms must be postmarked or received in the Grayson
County FSA office by close of business on Aug. 1, 2016.

County Committees are unique to FSA and allow producers to have a voice on
federal farm program implementation at the local level.

To be eligible to serve on the FSA county committee, a person must participate
or cooperate in an agency administered program, be eligible to vote in a county
committee election and reside in the Local Administrative Area (LAA) where he or
she is nominated. All producers, including women, minority, and beginning
farmers and ranchers are encouraged to participate in the nomination and
election process.

This year, nominations and elections will be held in LAA 1, which includes all
farms west of the following line: Beginning at the point where hwy 920 enters
Grayson County at its northern boundary, south with hwy 920 to intersection with
hwy 720 at Tar Hill, east with hwy 720 to intersection with hwy 62, west with
hwy 62 to intersection with hwy 2744 (Crow Hollow Road), south with hwy 2744 to
intersection with WK prkwy, west with WK Prkwy to intersection with hwy 88,
south with hwy 88 to intersection with hwy 226 at Peonia, west with hwy 226 to
intersection with hwy 259 at Meredith, south with hwy 259 to Grayson County
line--and East of the following line: Beginning at the point where hwy 187
enters Grayson County at its southern boundary, north with hwy 187 to
intersection with hwy 62, west with hwy 62 to intersection with hwy 2193
(Kefauver Road), at Millwood, north with hwy 2193 to intersection with hwy 54,
west with hwy 54 to intersection with hwy 631, north with hwy 631 to
intersection with hwy 2196 at Duff, thence a line due north across the northern
boundary of Grayson County.

Producers may nominate themselves or others as candidates. Organizations
representing minority and women farmers and ranchers may also nominate
candidates. To become a nominee, eligible individuals must sign form FSA-669A.
The form and more information about county committee elections are available
online at: www.fsa.usda.gov/elections.

comments powered by Disqus

___ (c)2016 the Grayson County News-Gazette (Leitchfield, Ky.) Visit the Grayson
County News-Gazette (Leitchfield, Ky.) at www.gcnewsgazette.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160620-SY-Grayson-County-FSA-nomination-period-begins-0620-20160620

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SY


                   Copyright 2016 Grayson County News Gazette


                               42 of 90 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     September 10, 2004 Friday Home Edition

Farmers sue USDA again in bias case;
Old problems not resolved, plaintiffs say

BYLINE: PERALTE C. PAUL

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Business; Pg. 1H

LENGTH: 826 words


Thirteen black farmers --- including one from Middle Georgia --- filed a racial
discrimination lawsuit against the U.S. Department of Agriculture that alleges
the agency has continued to deny them farm loans even after USDA officials
settled an earlier lawsuit in 1999 that accused it of the same offenses.

The lawsuit, filed Thursday in U.S. District Court in Washington, seeks $20.5
billion in damages; class-action status for roughly 25,000 farmers; and an end
to the agency's alleged discriminatory practices against black farmers when
administering loan programs.

The suit seeks to include black farmers who say they were discriminated against
by the USDA between January 1997 and August of this year.

"Up to this point they have been laughing and showing disdain and contempt
toward the victims," said Thomas Burrell, president of the Memphis-based Black
Farmers and Agriculturalists Association.

The association filed the lawsuit on behalf of the farmers.

"The USDA is still exhibiting and otherwise demonstrating its total disregard
for the constitutional rights of African-American farmers and their heirs,"
Burrell said.

A USDA spokesman declined to comment on the suit but said the agency is
committed to fairness in its farm loans and other programs.

"The USDA has taken very seriously our commitment to adhere to all civil rights
laws," agency spokesman Ed Loyd said.

As part of a 1999 settlement of Pigford vs. Veneman, the agency agreed to pay
damages and forgive some loans, and promised to establish new guidelines to
assure fairness. But the settlement, which recognized discrimination against
22,363 black farmers, has been deemed a failure by the National Black Farmers
Association and the Washington-based environmental and health advocacy
organization Environmental Working Group.

They issued a joint report in July that charged the USDA failed to recognize
thousands of farmers who claimed they were eligible for compensation. The report
also said USDA officials intentionally kept payments out of farmers' hands.

The USDA, which faces similar farm loan discrimination lawsuits from female,
Hispanic and Native American farmers, has admitted to racial disparities. But
the agency has enacted programs Loyd said are designed to address the farmers'
concerns.

* The U.S. secretary of agriculture can appoint people with full voting power to
county-level farm committees if they don't reflect the racial and gender makeup
of the local farming community. Those committees, which are elected, administer
some USDA programs such as disaster-relief funds, and black farmers have alleged
they don't respond to their needs.

* The agency cemented a deal with the Marriott hotel chain that calls for the
company to purchase 10 percent of its produce from minority and women farmers in
the Southern and Middle Atlantic states.

* Agency officials say they are aggressively monitoring loan-denial rates for
minorities and women as well as doing more to let those groups know about new
funding availability and other programs.

"If there are specific instances of discrimination, we want to know about them
and take appropriate action," Loyd said, adding that the agency has suspended
some loan officers and fired others. "This is something that has been a priority
at the USDA. We're looking for any avenues of assistance we can give to minority
farmers and help them build successful farming operations."

But Eddie Slaughter, a row crop farmer from Buena Vista who was a class member
in the Pigford case and is one of the plaintiffs in the newest suit, said he
doesn't believe the USDA's promises of change.

"We're still being discriminated against," he said.

With this second lawsuit, Slaughter, 53, said he wants to go to trial.

"I would like everything in the first case that I didn't get," he said. "We
should be allowed to be able to borrow money without discrimination."

Slaughter received $50,000 in damages in the Pigford settlement and was supposed
to receive total debt forgiveness on crop and equipment loans that amounted to
$265,000. But that didn't happen, said Slaughter, whose 200-acre farm is near
Columbus. The USDA still is seeking repayment of $145,000, he said.

"They wrote me a letter telling me that my credit was bad, and I was trying to
tell them that the reasons why my credit was bad was because they kept tying up
my money," Slaughter said.

Because of that, he said, the USDA's local Farm Service Agency loan officers
refuse to lend him more money.

He also said that the same local loan officers have remained in place since the
first lawsuit was filed and are denying new loans to black farmers in
retaliation.

"Equal justice under the law does not exist in America for the black and the
poor," Slaughter said. "I don't think that the American people, if they knew
exactly how bad this situation is, would allow it to continue."

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2004 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                               43 of 90 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            June 20, 2012 Wednesday

BRIEF: FSA county committee nominations being accepted through Aug. 1

BYLINE: Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 214 words


June 20--Farm Service Agency county committee election nominations are underway.

Until until Aug. 1, farmers, ranchers and landowners can nominate farmer and
rancher candidates to serve on their local committee.

Elected county committee members serve a three-year term and are responsible for
making decisions on FSA disaster, conservation, commodity, and price support
programs, as well as other federal farm program issues.

County committees are comprised of three to five members elected by local
producers. All newly elected county committee members and alternates will take
office Jan. 1, 2013.

Producers may nominate themselves or others as candidates. Organizations that
represent minority and women farmers and ranchers may also nominate candidates.

Nominees must participate in a program administered by FSA, be eligible to vote
in a county committee election and reside in the local administrative area in
which the person is a candidate.

To become a nominee, eligible individuals must sign an FSA-669A form. The form
and more information about county committee elections are available online at
www.fsa.usda.gov/elections.

___ (c)2012 the Greeley Tribune (Greeley, Colo.) Visit the Greeley Tribune
(Greeley, Colo.) at www.greeleytribune.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120620-GY-BRF-FSA-county-committee-nominations-being-accepted-through-Aug-1-06
20-20120620

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2012 Greeley Tribune


                               44 of 90 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 21, 2012 Thursday

BRIEF: FSA county committee nominations being accepted through Aug. 1

BYLINE: Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 212 words


June 21--Farm Service Agency county committee election nominations are underway.

Until Aug. 1, farmers, ranchers and landowners can nominate farmer and rancher
candidates to serve on their local committee.

Elected county committee members serve a three-year term and are responsible for
making decisions on FSA disaster, conservation, commodity and price support
programs, as well as other federal farm program issues.

County committees are comprised of three to five members elected by local
producers. All newly elected county committee members and alternates will take
office Jan. 1, 2013.

Producers may nominate themselves or others as candidates. Organizations that
represent minority and women farmers and ranchers may also nominate candidates.

Nominees must participate in a program administered by FSA, be eligible to vote
in a county committee election and reside in the local administrative area in
which the person is a candidate.

To become a nominee, eligible individuals must sign an FSA-669A form. The form
and more information about county committee elections are available online at
www.fsa.usda.gov/elections.

___ (c)2012 the Greeley Tribune (Greeley, Colo.) Visit the Greeley Tribune
(Greeley, Colo.) at www.greeleytribune.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120621-GY-BRF-FSA-county-committee-nominations-being-accepted-through-Aug-1-06
21-20120621

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2012 Greeley Tribune


                               45 of 90 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright (c) 2013 The Trustees of Boston University
                          Boston University Law Review

                                   May, 2013

                          Boston University Law Review

                               93 B.U.L. Rev. 815

LENGTH: 17791 words

SYMPOSIUM: EVALUATING CLAIMS ABOUT THE "END OF MEN": LEGAL AND OTHER
PERSPECTIVES: PANEL II: EMPLOYMENT: A LABOR ECONOMIST'S RESPONSE TO HANNA
ROSIN'S "END-OF-MEN" HYPOTHESIS

NAME: William M. Rodgers III*

BIO: * Professor of Public Policy and Chief Economist at the Heldrich Center for
Workforce Development, Bloustein School of Planning and Public Policy, Rutgers
University.

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... Rosin finds that during the modest expansion from 2001 to 2007 and the
subsequent Great Recession and current weak recovery, the manufacturing sector
lost almost six million jobs, more than a third of its total workforce.  ... The
preliminary evidence suggests that the continued offshoring of jobs could slow
the gender wage gap's convergence.  ... Prior to the economy's structural shift
from a manufacturing to an information-services economy, Rosin argues, physical
strength and stamina were more economically desirable than attributes such as
social intelligence and open communication (that is, soft skills).  ... Blau and
Kahn show that changes in educational attainment, a measured quantity, fail to
explain why the gender wage gap's convergence slowed.  ... To illustrate that
Blau and Kahn's indirect evidence supports Rosin's hypothesis and assess whether
the slowdown has continued since the late 1990s, I estimate the log weekly wage
gap between men and women that are employed in full-time and full-year jobs.
... Women's indices of offshorability in the OLS models are 3.8 points higher
than men's indices, even after controlling for worker characteristics, meaning
that women have a higher chance of their occupation being offshored.  ... First,
highly unionized occupations, particularly in manufacturing, are at lower risk
of being offshored today because those with the greatest odds were offshored in
the 1980s and 1990s, prior to the data that Blinder used to construct his index
and before the data used in this Article's analysis.

TEXT:
 [*815]

   Introduction

 Hanna Rosin's "end-of-men" hypothesis asserts that women are better suited than
men to post-industrial society. n1 The shift in labor demand toward "soft
skills" and away from "hard skills" has benefited women more than men. n2 Rosin
argues that these shifts have produced a world that requires and rewards
nimbleness and flexibility. n3 Men, whom she labels "Cardboard Men," are having
difficulty adapting, while women, whom she labels "Plastic Women," have been
better able to adapt to this "new economy." n4 Men, especially older  [*816]
men, have had a more difficult time acquiring newly demanded skills, such as
communication, social intelligence, and team working skills, which women are
more likely to possess. n5 Rosin profiles the efforts of a jobless man, Calvin,
to transition to a new identity. n6 Calvin was a casualty of the Great Recession
and the economy's longer-term structural shifts from a goods-producing economy
to a service-oriented economy. n7

   Rosin's hypothesis relies primarily on four key facts about the labor market.
First, women have become the majority of the labor force. n8 Second, most
managers are now women. n9 Third, the Great Recession disproportionately hurt
men. n10 Finally, the occupations projected to grow the most over the next ten
years are predominately female. n11 As a variety of scholars, journalists, and
public intellectuals have commented, the trends and underlying dynamics to
support these claims are well documented. n12

    [*817]  When I arrived at the U.S. Department of Labor in January 2000 to
serve as Chief Economist, then Labor Secretary Alexis Herman had just released
the Department's report, Futurework: Trends and Challenges for the 21st Century.
n13 The report showed that how we work, where we work, and with whom we work
have changed. n14 Shortly after my arrival, I added that when we work has also
changed. The primary catalysts for these changes are technology and
globalization. n15 The introduction and expansion of computers and the Internet
simultaneously changed the production process and altered the education, skills,
and competencies needed to compete in the "new" twenty-first-century economy.
For example, only a few technicians are now needed to operate a manufacturing
plant's robotic system. IT inventory systems can manage the "just-in-time"
process of supplying parts. n16 Increased global competition shifted the labor
demand toward highly skilled jobs and away from low-skilled jobs. n17 Futurework
reported that imports and mechanization led to widespread job loss in
manufacturing industries such as textiles/apparel and steel. n18 The report is
quick to show, however, that the growth in new and emerging industries offsets
these losses. n19

   These structural shifts in the labor market started in the 1980s, accelerated
during the 1990s, and continued through the Great Recession. n20 The Great
Recession, however, overshadowed the structural shifts and led to widespread
permanent job loss. n21 Rosin finds that during the modest expansion from 2001
to 2007 and the subsequent Great Recession and current weak recovery, the
[*818]  manufacturing sector lost almost six million jobs, more than a third of
its total workforce. n22 Over this same period construction employment
contracted. n23 These contractions are important because manufacturing and
construction are the two primary industries in which "hard skills" dominate soft
skills.

   Futurework concluded that several challenges have emerged. n24 The first
challenge is for American workers to become "skilled, not stuck in the new
economy." n25 Opportunities will be prevalent for those with the newly demanded
skills, or those who can retool themselves. n26 The second challenge is one of
"flexibility and family." n27 Many employers argue that in order to compete in
the global economy, they need flexibility in hiring and firing and thus need to
reshape the employer-employee compact. n28 Employers also want more flexibility
in deciding whether to offer benefits at all and, if they do, the type of
benefits to offer. n29 Many employees, meanwhile, are also seeking greater
flexibility in their work schedules. n30

   Why have the gender-neutral structural changes (technology and globalization)
and gender-neutral cyclical changes (the Great Recession) that have occurred
over the last three decades had a more adverse impact on men than women? Three
things happened. First, men were concentrated in industries that bore the brunt
of the structural and cyclical decline in labor demand. n31 Second, the economic
returns from the education and skills relevant to these industries fell. n32
Last, there was an increase in the economic returns from education and skills
relevant to emerging industries and occupations in  [*819]  which men had a
smaller presence and women had a greater one. n33 From a labor economist's
perspective, one net effect of interest is whether these changes led to a
convergence in the gender wage gap. n34 To model whether the wage gap converged,
social scientists use an analytical method called a wage decomposition to
summarize changes in male-female labor market differences and quantify the
sources of the changes. n35

   Part I summarizes the major labor market evidence that has been used to
support the end-of-men hypothesis. Part II places this end-of-men hypothesis in
a wage-decomposition framework. I update an influential study by Francine Blau
and Lawrence Kahn n36 that decomposes changes in the gender wage gap into the
various contributing factors. Blau and Kahn's study shows that compared to the
1980s, the gender wage gap slowed in its convergence. n37 They conclude that
"occupational upgrading and deunionization had a larger positive effect on
women's relative wages in the 1980s than in the 1990s, explaining part of the
slower 1990s convergence." n38 But they show that the largest factor was a much
faster reduction of the "unexplained" gender wage gap in the 1980s than in the
1990s. n39 The slowing convergence of this unexplained gender wage gap, they
explain, may have resulted from "changes in labor force selectivity, changes in
gender differences in unmeasured characteristics and in labor market
discrimination, and changes in the favorableness of supply and demand shifts."
n40 The discussion connects these findings to the end-of-men hypothesis.

   In Part III, I use Census Bureau statistics and Bureau of Labor Statistics
(BLS) employment projections to assess the prospects of women and men over the
next ten years. I explore whether women's employment opportunities and  [*820]
wages will continue to converge toward those of men. One piece of evidence that
is used to argue that the prospects look better for women is that the BLS
projections indicate that the bulk of the twenty-one million jobs created over
the next ten years will be in fields dominated by women. I show, however, that a
feature of these jobs is that they tend to pay at or below the U.S. median wage.
Women may continue to gain with respect to employment, but gains in pay will be
modest, suggesting little to no convergence in the gender wage gap.

   I further demonstrate that the fastest growing jobs have more occupations
that are in traditionally "male-oriented" trades. The wages in these occupations
tend to be above the U.S. median wage. For the gender wage gap to narrow
further, more young women will need to move into these higher-paying jobs, while
more young men move away from these occupations.

   In Part III, I also present evidence on gender differences in offshoring and
discuss what this means for the future. I link economist Alan Blinder's
"offshorability index" to micro data in the Outgoing Rotation Files of the
Current Population Survey. n41 The preliminary evidence suggests that the
continued offshoring of jobs could slow the gender wage gap's convergence. Men
will be adversely impacted, but my findings indicate that women are at greater
risk of having their jobs offshored. Workers at all levels of educational
attainment are at risk. I do find, however, that unions and public-sector
employment seem to mediate the higher odds of having one's job offshored.

   I. The End-of-Men Labor Market Claims and Basic Evidence

 The following four pieces of labor market evidence are used to support the
end-of-men hypothesis: (1) women have become the majority of the labor force,
n42 (2) most managers are now women, n43 (3) the Great Recession
disproportionately hurt men, n44 and (4) the occupations projected to grow the
most over the next ten years are predominately female. n45 This Part summarizes
the evidence. n46

[*821]

   A. Most Future Job Growth Will Take Place in Female-Dominated Occupations n47


 The BLS forecasts that from 2010 to 2020, the economy will add slightly over
twenty million jobs. n48 The top ten occupations will account for 24% of total
growth. n49 Heavy and tractor-trailer truck drivers and laborers; freight,
stock, and material movers; and postsecondary teachers are the only
"male-dominated" occupations. n50 When the list is expanded to include the
largest twenty occupations, it comprises 37% of total growth. n51 This expansion
adds the male-dominated occupations of landscaping and groundskeeping workers
and construction laborers. n52 Expanding to the largest forty occupations (52%
of projected growth) adds roughly another eight occupations that are male
dominated. Thus, even if we expand the list, Rosin's claim that the bulk of
future job growth will not be in male-oriented or -dominated jobs is supported.

   B. Women Are the Majority of the Labor Force

 The percentage of women in the labor force has risen sharply since 1948.
According to the household-based Current Population Survey (CPS) conducted by
the BLS, women comprised 28.1% of the labor force in 1948 and steadily increased
to 46.1% in 1995. The rate has remained between 46 and 47% ever since. The
employer-based Current Employment Statistics (CES) reveal a similar pattern:
women reached 50% of the labor force during the Great Recession. The data from
the CES series is used to support Rosin's end-of-men hypothesis. n53

   What drove women's increased presence in the labor force? To answer this
question, we must use the household-based CPS data statistics disaggregated by
gender, age, race, and educational attainment, which are only available in the
household survey. With respect to age, the percentages of the labor force that
are female by age (16 to 24, 25 to 34, 35 to 44, 45 to 54, 55 to 64, and 65
[*822]  and older) exhibit patterns similar to the data series for those aged 16
years and older. All rapidly increase from the 1950s to the 1980s and plateau
during the early 1990s.

   The growth in the presence of married women in the labor force (as a
percentage of married individuals in the labor force) is similar to that in the
general population: a rapid increase followed by a slowdown and then stability.
It is important to observe that the increase from the 1950s to the 1990s was
faster than observed in the general population. Since the 1990s a 3-to-4
percentage-point gap exists (47% versus 44% in 2011).

   Shifting to race, BLS began to publish the statistics of women in the
workforce for African Americans and Latinos in 1972. n54 From 1972 to present,
the percentage of women comprising the African American labor force has exceeded
the percentages of white women, Asian women, and Latina women. In 1972 African
American women already made up 45% of the African American labor force, compared
to white women, who comprised only 38% of white workers. African American women
reached the 50% mark in 1986, shortly after the recession of 1981 to 1982, which
at that time was the worst recession since the Great Depression. That percentage
jumped higher to 53% in 2000 and has since hit a plateau. By 2000 white and
Asian women's percentages increased to 46% and have remained constant at this
level. The percentage of Latina women in the Latino labor force has been fairly
constant at 40% since 1972.

   The trends in educational attainment are quite revealing and might suggest
where future increases in women's labor force attachment could occur. BLS began
to disaggregate by gender and educational attainment in 1992. The plateau seen
in the previous comparisons may be due to a continued increase in the percentage
of women that comprise the college-graduate labor force, but steep declines in
the percentage of women that make up the high school dropout and graduate labor
forces. In 1992 women college graduates made up 42% of the college-graduate
labor force. By the start of the early 1990s recession, the share had risen to
48%. It has remained constant since 2007. By contrast, the percentages for high
school dropouts and graduates started at 38% and 47%, respectively, in 1992 and
trended downward to 35% and 45%, respectively, at the start of the recession.
The high school dropout percentage remained stable during the recession and
recovery, but the percentage of  [*823]  women high school graduates in their
labor force continued to trend downward. In 2011 the percentage fell to 43%.

   C. Most Managers Are Now Women

 Occupational data from the 2011 American Community Survey indicate that women
comprise 39% of all managers compared to 47% of all occupations. n55 When the
broad category of managers is disaggregated, substantial variation emerges. Over
one-half of human resources managers and financial managers are women, n56 while
only 27% of top executives n57 and 30% of operations specialist managers n58 are
women. Farmers, ranchers, and other agricultural managers have the lowest
presence of women at 14%. n59 These estimates provide mixed support for the
end-of-men hypothesis.

   Even though the presence of women in managerial occupations is close to the
average of all occupations, occupation segregation is still quite large in the
important technical, health, and education career fields. For example, 2 to 3%
of pipe layers, plumbers, pipefitters, and steamfitters; n60 carpenters; n61
vehicle  [*824]  and mobile-equipment mechanics; n62 motor-vehicle
electronic-equipment installers and repairers; n63 and electricians are female.
n64 At the other extreme, elementary and middle school teachers n65 and
registered nurses n66 are 80% and 91% female, respectively. This evidence is
referenced here to counter the end-of-men hypothesis.

   D. The Great Recession Hurt Men: In fact, It Was Called the "Mancession"

 Did the Great Recession deliver the knockout punch to men? The National Bureau
of Economic Research (NBER) defined the recession as the period between December
2007 and June 2009. n67 Over this period, real GDP contracted by 5%, compared to
an average 2.9% contraction during the six previous recessions. n68 The private
sector lost 7.7 million or 6.6% of its jobs. As a result, the U.S. unemployment
rate almost doubled from 5.0% to 9.5%. Many analysts labeled the recession as a
"mancession" because the affected industries were largely in the male-dominated
industries of construction and manufacturing. n69

   Three preconditions made the ensuing effects so severe. First, Americans
entered the recession in a very vulnerable state: as the recession began,
debt-to-income ratios were at higher levels than at the start of previous
recessions. n70 Second, no real employment gains occurred from 2001 to 2007. In
fact, the U.S. employment-to-population ratio was lower than at the start of the
[*825]  recovery. Third, earnings for the typical American stagnated during the
recovery period prior to the Great Recession.

   The unemployment rates of men and women were at approximately the same point
when the recession began. This was true regardless of race and ethnicity, except
for African Americans. White men and white women started the Great Recession
with unemployment rates of 4.4% and 4.5%, respectively. White men's unemployment
rate jumped to 9.8%, while white women's jobless rate only increased to 7.5%.
African American men's jobless rate started at 9.9%, compared to 8.1% for
African American women. The former's jobless rate jumped to 17.5% and the
latter's only increased to 12.7%. Latino men and women started the recession at
6.3% and 6.4%, respectively. Latino men's unemployment rate climbed to 13.9%,
compared to an increase of only 11.3% for Latina women.

   The NBER has marked June 2009 as the beginning of the recovery. n71 The
recovery has two distinct segments: the "jobless recovery" that ran from June
2009 to February 2010, and what I call the "pothole recovery," which has run
from February 2010 to the present. During the jobless recovery there was modest
real GDP growth of 2.3%. n72 Although national income was expanding, it was not
at a level strong enough to shift employers from increasing hours and using
temporary workers to meet orders. During the "pothole" phase of the recovery,
real GDP grew at 3%. n73

   What characterizes a jobless recovery as opposed to a pothole recovery? The
former is characterized by continued job losses, whereas the latter is
characterized as having anemic private-sector growth. During the jobless
recovery, real GDP contracted by 1.1%; during the pothole recovery, it increased
by 2.6%. n74 Job growth has returned, but has amounted to an average growth of
only about 140,000 new jobs per month. One consequence of having job growth at
or below the 130,000-to-150,000 break-even threshold has been an elevated
unemployment rate that is slow to fall. In fact, a significant portion of the
decline in the unemployment rate has been due to people leaving the labor force
to attend school, enroll in training, file for disability, retire, or simply
ceasing to seek employment.

   What are the gender contours of the recovery? Have they served to offset the
adverse effects of the Great Recession? Over five million private-sector jobs
have been added since February 2010, while just over 500,000 public-sector jobs
have been lost. A disproportionate share of the private-sector jobs have gone to
men, while the public-sector losses have had a disproportionate impact on women.
Most of the gains were in temporary help services, education and health
services, leisure, and durable manufacturing. The pace of the public  [*826]
sector's shedding of jobs has slowed, with local education still the main source
of cuts.

   II. An Analytical Framework and Indirect Test of the End-of-Men Hypothesis

 Rosin claims that women are better suited than men to the post-industrial
economy. n75 From a labor economist's perspective, the phrase "better suited"
has several possible interpretations. First, it may mean that women possess
education, skills, and competencies in greater "quantities" than men. It might
also mean that women receive higher economic returns from their education,
skills, and competencies than men. In either case these advantages have grown
over time (for example, in pre-and post-industrial economies). A third
understanding may be that, due to affirmative action laws, anti-discrimination
laws, and changes in consumer demand and the production process, it is harder
for employers en masse to discriminate against women. As a result, the gender
earnings gap would be expected to narrow. Women may have closed the gap in
productive attributes relative to men, or gender differences in the economic
returns to these attributes may have narrowed. Another possibility is that the
attributes in which women have always had an advantage are now seeing an
increase in their market payoff.

   Let's be more specific. Prior to the economy's structural shift from a
manufacturing to an information-services economy, Rosin argues, physical
strength and stamina were more economically desirable than attributes such as
social intelligence and open communication (that is, soft skills). In this
world, it would be predicted that women would earn less for two reasons. n76
First, on average, men have larger "quantities" of physical strength and
stamina. Second, the market payoff for physical strength, regardless of gender,
would be larger than the market payoff for open communication and social
intelligence.

   Rosin asserts, however, that as the economy's structure changed, several
changes developed. Women not only narrowed the physical strength-stamina gender
gap, they also expanded their advantage in areas of communication and social
intelligence. n77 While they were expanding their advantage in the latter, the
market began to place a greater premium on communication and social
intelligence. n78 As a result, the gender wage gap narrowed.

   Economists have developed a useful tool for illustrating the dynamics of how
the gender wage gap has narrowed due to changes in the attributes of women and
men, and the economic returns to their attributes. n79 The tool is  [*827]
called a wage decomposition. Wage equations for women and men (i = m, f) are
estimated as follows:



   (1) [SEE EQUATION IN ORIGINAL]
,

 where lnW<i> denotes the natural logarithm of hourly earnings, X<i> denotes a
matrix of observed attributes associated with physical strength and stamina,
Z<i> denotes a matrix of attributes that measure open communication skills and
social intelligence, B <i> and Y <i> denote the vector of regression
coefficients that capture the economic returns of each attribute, and [epsilon]
<i> is the standardized residual (meaning that it is distributed with a mean of
zero and variance of one) and E<i> is the residual standard deviation of wages.

   The gender wage gap can then be constructed by differencing the men and
women's equations. Doing so leads to the following expression:



   (2) [SEE EQUATION IN ORIGINAL]
,

 where



   (3) [SEE EQUATION IN ORIGINAL]




(4) [SEE EQUATION IN ORIGINAL]
.

 The left-hand side is the log wage gap between men and women. The first two
terms on the right-hand side capture the predicted log wage gap due to
differences in attributes associated with strength and stamina, and the
predicted log wage difference associated with gender differences in social
intelligence and open communication. The third term measures the residual gap,
which depends on the residual prices and the error terms. When evaluated at the
mean, the residual gap in each case depends on the amount of male residual wage
inequality ([SEE SYMBOLS IN ORIGINAL]) and the mean female's position in the
male residual wage distribution ([SEE SYMBOLS IN ORIGINAL]).

   To illustrate Rosin's argument, we need to add a time dimension. Let t denote
a period prior to the structural change in the economy and let ? correspond to
the male-female difference within a year in the outcome and attribute that
follow. The decompositions in year t and t' are written as follows:

[*828]

   (5) [SEE EQUATION IN ORIGINAL]
.

   (6) [SEE EQUATION IN ORIGINAL]
.

   The rate of change in the gender wage gap before and after the structural
change can be described as follows:

   (7) [SEE EQUATION IN ORIGINAL]

   [SEE EQUATION IN ORIGINAL]

   Finally, we choose year t' and male prices as the reference wage structure by
adding and subtracting the term ([see org] from the right-hand side. This
manipulation yields the following trend decomposition equation:




   (8) [SEE EQUATION IN ORIGINAL]





   [SEE EQUATION IN ORIGINAL]
.

 The first and second terms on the right-hand side are measured quantities
associated with physical strength and stamina and open communication skills and
social intelligence. The terms represent changes across time in observed
gender-specific attributes, holding market returns fixed. The wage gap may
narrow across time because women's physical strength relative to men narrows.
The wage gap may also narrow because women's advantage with open communication
skills grows. The third and fourth terms, labeled measured prices, capture
changes in market returns, holding observed characteristics fixed. For example,
an increase over time in returns to communication skills will cause the overall
wage gap to narrow if women on average have better communication skills. The
fifth term is labeled "residual quantities." This term measures changes in
unobserved gender-specific characteristics, which result in changes in the
percentile ranking of women in the male residual wage distribution. Such
unmeasured characteristics can include gender differences in labor force
attachment due to intermittency, differences in unobserved skills, and wage
discrimination by gender. As an example, reduced gender differences in these
attributes could cause the ranking of the average female residual wage to rise
from the thirty-fifth percentile to the fortieth percentile of the male residual
wage distribution, all else being equal. The final term, labeled "residual
prices," reflects changes in male residual wage inequality. One can think of the
last term as a change in the wage penalty for having a position below the mean
of the male residual wage distribution.

   Blau and Kahn come closest to testing the end-of-men hypothesis. They use the
Michigan Panel Study of Income Dynamics to estimate the slowdown in  [*829]  the
convergence of the gender wage gap that occurred during the 1990s. n80 They are
not able to control for the vector of Z. Thus, their decomposition has the
following form:

   (9) [SEE EQUATION IN ORIGINAL]

   [SEE EQUATION IN ORIGINAL]

   As a result, the impacts of changes in the quantities and returns to soft
skills show up in the third and fourth terms.

   Blau and Kahn show that changes in educational attainment, a measured
quantity, fail to explain why the gender wage gap's convergence slowed. n81 This
is because women's relative educational attainment had improved comparably in
the prior two decades. n82 Blau and Kahn conclude that "occupational upgrading
and deunionization had a larger positive effect on women's relative wages in the
1980s than in the 1990s, explaining part of the slower 1990s convergence." n83
They show that the largest factor was a much faster reduction of the
"unexplained" gender wage gap in the 1980s than in the 1990s. n84 Changes in
labor-force selectivity, changes in gender differences in unmeasured
characteristics and in labor market discrimination, and changes in the
favorableness of demand shifts each may have contributed to the slowing
convergence of the unexplained gender wage gap. n85

   How do Blau and Kahn's results connect to the end-of-men hypothesis? They are
unable to include in their decompositions actual measures of the attributes that
capture social intelligence, open communication, and changes in the
favorableness of demand shifts. Thus, these factors enter Blau and Kahn's study
as residual quantity and price terms.

   To illustrate that Blau and Kahn's indirect evidence supports Rosin's
hypothesis and assess whether the slowdown has continued since the late 1990s, I
estimate the log weekly wage gap between men and women that are employed in
full-time and full-year jobs. Table 1 reports the log-point wage gap based on
samples of men and women ages eighteen to sixty-four from the  [*830]  March CPS
files. n86 It shows the familiar pattern of rapid convergence from 1979 to 1989,
followed by a period of slower convergence from 1989 to 1998 n87 and 1990 to
2001. n88 The more recent evidence in the Table reveals that since 2001 the
gap's convergence has stagnated. Table 1 also shows the wage gap by potential
experience. The wage gaps within experience should be interpreted with caution
because of the well-known biases associated with using potential experience
versus actual experience. Further, since 1991 educational attainment is measured
in degree attained. To construct an estimate of years of schooling, I use the
February 1991 CPS file. As a part of the BLS and the Census Bureau transition to
a degree-attained measure of educational attainment, respondents were asked the
old "years of schooling" question and the new "degree attained" question. I
compute the average years of schooling for a given degree attained and assign
that value to respondents who report that degree. n89

   With these caveats expressed at the outset, Table 1 does reveal that the wage
gap is smaller among worker groups with the least experience and that the gap
narrowed across all experience categories. n90 The trend analysis will precisely
depict the relative sizes of the improvement, slowdown, and stagnation.

   Table 1 reports the decomposition results from estimating Equation (9). n91
To address the common index problem that plagues this type of decomposition, I
replace the t' values with the series average of each component (series length =
37). n92 Thus, each component captures the change in a component's year t value
relative to its average over the whole period. Table 1 reports the wage gap's
convergence from 1976 to 1989 and from 1989 to present. n93 The overall wage gap
narrows at 1.48% per year from 1976 to 1989, but slows to a narrowing of 0.39%
per year from 1989 to 2012. n94 Women's progress has slowed considerably. In
both sub-periods, residual and measured quantities are the main contributors to
the gender wage gap's narrowing; their contribution,  [*831]  however, has been
cut by more than half since 1989. n95 Yet improvements in education, recognition
of unobserved skills, and a decrease in discrimination were strong enough to
offset the continued pressure that increased wage inequality (residual prices)
placed on the wage gap.

   These decomposition results are consistent with Rosin's hypothesis. The
impact of soft skills and changing values toward women's work shows up in the
residual quantities term, which is the most important contributor to women's
relative wage gains. The key insight here is that Rosin's hypothesis is still
supported by the data for the post-1989 period, but in a much weaker form than
in the period prior to 1989.

   Another way to test Rosin's hypothesis is to decompose the wage gap by
potential experience category. Table 1 reports the decompositions for the
following potential experience categories: less than ten years, eleven to twenty
years, and twenty-one to thirty years. n96 If Rosin's hypothesis is supported,
we would expect the wage gap's convergence to be larger for younger women. The
decompositions show a different pattern, however, suggesting a refutation of
Rosin's hypothesis. Post-1989 convergence was larger among men and women with
eleven to twenty and twenty-one to thirty years of potential experience. n97 If
men with the most experience are having the greatest difficulty adjusting to the
"new economy," women in their cohort would catch up faster than women in younger
cohorts. Simultaneously, new-entrant men (ten years of experience or less) have
been able to adapt and acquire the newly demanded skills. In fact, since 1989
residual quantities play no role in explaining the wage gap's narrowing among
men and women with less than ten years of potential experience. This suggests
that the initial burst in women's gains during the 1970s and 1980s has slowed
since 1989, even for young women.

   III. What Does the Future Hold for Men and Women?

 Parts I and II, which reviewed employment projections, indicate that the
largest growing jobs will not be in male-dominated occupations. n98 This Part
delves into the BLS projection data. n99 For example, if we examine the annual
wages for the top fifteen occupations expected to have the largest growth, we
[*832]  come to a different conclusion about continued convergence in labor
market opportunities.

   The largest growing jobs tend to pay wages at or below the median U.S. annual
wage of $ 33,840, and men hold more highly paid jobs. n100 I computed the
average of the median wages for the top ten, twenty, thirty, and forty largest
growing jobs. The averages are $ 32,386, $ 30,007, $ 36,458, and $ 40,666 per
year, respectively. The average does not exceed the overall U.S. median wage
until physicians and surgeons and software developers are added. These
high-paying occupations are respectively ranked twenty-ninth, thirty-third, and
thirty-eighth in terms of job growth. Physicians and surgeons earn in excess of
$ 166,000 per year. n101 Applications software developers earn $ 87,790 per
year. n102 Systems software developers earn $ 94,180 per year. n103 Men comprise
66% of physicians and surgeons and 81% of software developers. n104

   Another way to assess the employment component of the end-of-men hypothesis
is to study the fastest growing occupations, as measured by percent change. The
fastest growing jobs may indicate skills and labor shortages, which translate
not only into job openings, but also higher earnings. Market forces place upward
pressure on the occupation's wage structure.

   The median growth rate from 2010 to 2020 is 11.4% for all 674 occupations for
which BLS computes forecasts. Even among the occupations projected to grow the
fastest, the employment advantage tilts toward women. n105 Compared to the
largest growing occupations, however, there are more occupations that are male
dominated or have higher male concentrations. n106 In particular, those jobs are
career-technical occupations, such as carpenters and brick masons. n107  [*833]
Still, the list is mostly comprised of service occupations that are either
female dominated or fairly equal in their gender composition.

   As compared to the largest growing jobs, the fastest growing occupations have
median wages that exceed the U.S. median of $ 33,840. n108 The two fastest
growing occupations (personal care and home health aides) are low-wage
occupations. They have median wages that are below $ 21,000. The average of the
medians, however, increases from $ 36,500 to $ 57,200 as we move from the ten
fastest to the forty fastest growing occupations. For example, jobs in physical
therapy pay above the U.S. median annual wage of $ 33,840. n109

   The evidence on the fastest growing occupations suggests a continued
employment advantage for women, but on the wage front, women's advantage could
diminish if younger cohorts of men increase their pursuit of opportunities in
career-technical positions. It is difficult, however, to convince parents to
send their children to career-technical facilities. This is the adjustment
process to which Rosin refers. n110 And yet, wage convergence could accelerate
if younger men do not hasten their pursuit of career and technical positions, or
if women continue to make inroads in these male-dominated areas of employment
paying above the median wage.

   To summarize, the employment gains of women, both in absolute and relative
terms, will likely continue; the question as to whether the wage gap will narrow
or expand, however, depends on the career decisions of younger cohorts. In
particular, will career-technical jobs such as those held by plumbers, HVAC, or
auto technicians become popular? Many communities, educational systems, and
parents still place greater emphasis on "college prep" courses of study. This
situation could change, however, depending on how young adults and their parents
react to the uncertainties created by globalization, technology, the "Great
Recession," and even Congress's inability to compromise on key domestic fiscal
issues, such as funding for higher education.

   Another approach for predicting future employment and wage prospects is to
estimate whether there is a gender gap in the likelihood of one's job of being
offshored. Information technology has helped international trade play a major
role in generating the labor-demand shifts that have disadvantaged American
workers, especially men. Will this trend continue? If so, who is at the greatest
risk of having their occupation offshored?

   To answer these questions, I link economist Alan Blinder's index of an
occupation's potential of being offshored n111 to individual-level micro data in
the 2006 Outgoing Rotation Group files of the CPS. n112 Using the BLS's O*Net
[*834]  occupation data, Blinder created an ordinal cross-section ranking of 817
occupations by their likelihood of being offshored. n113 Based on this ranking,
he forecasts that between 2006 and 2016, 22% to 29% of U.S. jobs are potentially
"offshorable." n114 Blinder sorts the 817 occupations into four categories.
Occupations with an index from 76 to 100 have the highest potential for
"offshorability." n115 Fifty-nine occupations comprise this "highly
offshoreable" group and make up 8.2 million jobs. n116 The second category
includes occupations designated as "offshorable." n117 They have index values
that span from 51 to 75. n118 The category consists of 151 occupations and a
total of 20.7 million workers. n119 The third category is designated as
"non-offshorable." Its index values range from 26 to 50, and 74 occupations
comprise this category. n120 Almost nine million workers are in this category.
n121 The fourth and largest category, which Blinder labels "highly
non-offshorable," includes 533 occupations and totals almost ninety-three
million jobs. n122 Blinder does not assign these occupations unique index
values, because their odds of being offshored are extremely low. n123

   Thus, my initial approach is to match the index values of categories I, II,
and III to the three-digit occupations in the micro data of the CPS Outgoing
Rotation Group files. Ideally, we would want to use the most recent CPS data;
however, Blinder explicitly says that his index is constructed to answer the
question: "How many of the 2004 U.S. jobs are or might become potentially
offshorable within, say a decade or two?" n124

   Table 2 reports estimates of models that regress a respondent's
offshorability index on a gender dummy variable that equals 1 if the respondent
is male, and 0 if the respondent is female. n125 The unadjusted models only
include the gender dummy variable. n126 The adjusted models add a respondent's
potential experience, union membership, worker class,  [*835]  educational
attainment, and census division. n127 Although not shown, the models control for
a respondent's race and marital status. n128 Robust standard errors are in
parentheses. n129 The column labeled "OLS" includes ordinary least-squares
models. n130 These estimates are based on categories I, II, and III, which
exclude the highly non-offshorable occupations, which comprise over 66% of the
817 occupations. n131 One obvious concern with the OLS estimates will be that
they are potentially biased due to restricting or truncating the distribution to
exclude category IV, the highly non-offshorable occupations.

   To assess whether ignoring the truncation of the distribution biases the OLS
results, Table 2 presents estimates from Tobit and quantile regression models
that include Blinder's category IV, the highly non-offshorable occupations. n132
These occupations are given an index value of 25. This labeling presents the
additional problem of censoring. There is no variation in the index for
occupations that Blinder designates as highly non-offshorable. The quantile
regressions must be estimated at percentiles above the 66th percentile because
the highly non-offshorable observations comprise 66% of the sample. Estimating
the model at any quantile at or below the 66th percentile (for example, at
median) would not generate a unique gender difference. Table 2 reports the
results for the quantile regression at the 75th quantile. n133 I also estimate
the quantile regressions at the 80th and 90th quantiles and obtain qualitatively
similar estimates to those at the 75th quantile. n134 Based on these models, the
censoring of highly non-offshorable occupations does not change the following
conclusions from the OLS models.

   Table 2 contains a wealth of information. To make the discussion manageable,
I limit it to the overall gender difference in offshorability and differences
across potential experience, educational attainment, union membership, class of
worker, and census division. Women's indices of offshorability in the OLS models
are 3.8 points higher than men's indices, even after controlling for worker
characteristics, meaning that women have a higher chance of their occupation
being offshored. n135 The gap expands with potential experience, moving from
2.96 (less than ten years) to 7.28 (forty-one to fifty years). n136 Given the
ordinal nature of Blinder's index, however, caution must be exercised when
placing an interpretation on the size of the estimated gender differences.

    [*836]  There are several explanations for the finding that the occupations
of women are more offshorable. First, the estimates are from a 2006 CPS
cross-section, which comes after the 1980s and 1990s offshoring that took a
greater toll on the occupations in which men were concentrated. n137 Second, men
have greater presence in the career and technical trades, which remain harder to
offshore, while women are concentrated in clerical and office-support
occupations, which are now more susceptible to offshoring. n138 To verify these
assertions, it would be ideal if Blinder's index covered a more extended period
of time. Third, the offshoring gap between younger men and women is smaller than
the gap between older men and women. n139 Alternatively, younger cohorts of men
may have been choosing fewer career and technical occupations than older men
have chosen. Instead, the younger cohorts may have been choosing professional
business services occupations, which are likely more offshorable in absolute and
relative terms. Younger men may also have less difficulty than older men in
acquiring soft skills. They may have better access to curricula that teach soft
skills, and their parents may have included an education in such skills as a
part of their upbringing. At the other end of the experience spectrum, older men
may be more resistant to learning new skills, especially if those skills are
viewed as "feminine."

   The most startling finding is that women's higher relative offshoring indices
are found among non-college graduates. n140 Women high school dropouts and
graduates and those with some college have indices that are higher than men with
the same educational attainment, while women with college and advanced degrees
have significantly lower offshoring indices than men with college degrees. n141
Female members of unions experience a disadvantage relative to male union
members; however, this disadvantage is slightly smaller than women's
disadvantage in the private sector. n142 Women's disadvantage in the private
sector is significantly larger than that faced by women in the public sector.
n143 The institutional features of unions and public-sector employment, such as
how layoffs are decided, may dampen women's higher odds of having their
occupation offshored.

   The estimated gender differences for each census division all indicate that
women have a higher likelihood of their job being offshored than men. Women's
higher odds are largest in the West North Central, West South Central, Mountain,
and Pacific divisions. n144 The bulk of the outsourcing that  [*837]  hit
manufacturing occupations and thus hurt men may have run its course. Today, the
greatest potential for offshoring is concentrated in service occupations.

   Thus, going forward, women are most likely to find their jobs offshored. n145
If this occurs, improvements in the wage gap will continue to slow and, as shown
in Table 1, just remain unchanged. n146 Depending on the pace of offshoring, the
wage gap could even expand. If wages and employment are the metric by which to
judge Rosin's end-of-men hypothesis, then they suggest less support for the
hypothesis.

   Another way to further assess whether empirical support for the Rosin
hypothesis will weaken is to estimate which types of women and men face the
greatest risk of having their job offshored. To do this, I estimate the previous
models by gender. n147 For example, limiting the sample to women, I regress a
female respondent's offshorability index on their potential experience and dummy
variables that capture race, union membership, class of worker, marital status,
educational attainment, and census division of residence. n148 The excluded
groups are whites, non-union members, private-sector workers, married
respondents, respondents with some college, and New England respondents. n149
Panel A of Table 3 reports the estimates for women, and Panel B reports the
estimates for men. n150 Table 3 also reports estimates of the models by gender,
but restricts the samples to different educational attainments, union members,
public-sector respondents, private-sector respondents, and respondents that live
in the East North Central and West North Central Census divisions. n151 These
are the Midwestern states that experienced the most offshoring in the past.

   The first column of Panel A indicates that among women, potential experience
does not seem to be related to the odds of offshoring. n152 Minority women work
in occupations that have higher potential for offshoring. n153 Union membership
and public-sector employment are associated with lower offshorability odds. n154
Compared to women with some college education,  [*838]  women with the least and
most education have lower offshorability indices. n155 No consistent pattern
emerges for women by census division.

   For men, experience is positively related to offshorability. Men with more
experience are at greater risk. White men and non-black minority men have higher
offshorability indices. n156 Public-sector employment does not seem to be
related to reducing the chances of an occupation's offshorability. n157
Surprisingly, men with the most education (associate's, bachelor's, and advanced
degrees) are more at risk of having their occupation offshored. n158 Men in the
Midwest have higher indices of offshorability compared to men in New England.
n159

   One consistent finding that deserves discussion is that union membership is
associated with a lower offshorability index. n160 There may be several
explanations for this result. First, highly unionized occupations, particularly
in manufacturing, are at lower risk of being offshored today because those with
the greatest odds were offshored in the 1980s and 1990s, prior to the data that
Blinder used to construct his index and before the data used in this Article's
analysis. The occupations were at the front end of the workplace restructuring.
It may have been easier to implement labor-saving IT applications in these
occupations. Second, the result represents collective bargaining's ability to
reduce the chances of offshoring. How could this occur? To answer that question,
we have to remind ourselves of Blinder's approach. Blinder constructs the
indices based on an occupation's features in the O*Net database: tasks,
knowledge, skills, abilities, work activities, work context, interests, work
style, work values, and work needs. Based on this information, Blinder asks
whether the service can be provided electronically, and if so, what the quality
of the service is. n161 As part of the contract-negotiation process or a more
general management-labor conversation, the union works with management to
implement more efficient electronic-delivery processes, but in a way that
minimizes the displacement of workers.

   The remainder of this Part presents estimates for men and women by
educational attainment, union membership, public-sector status, and potential
experience, as well as for the Midwestern census regions. The goal is to develop
a full portrait of the men and women who are at the greatest risk of having
their occupations offshored. This descriptive work might help policymakers and
advocacy groups proactively target workers at greatest risk  [*839]  of
offshoring, with the goal of providing assistance that then minimizes
offshoring's negative personal, family, and community impacts.

   A. Educational Attainment

 Panel A of Table 3 indicates that minority women who do not possess a high
school diploma have higher offshorablity indices than white women who do not
possess a high school diploma. n162 Union membership helps reduce the
offshorability indices of female high school dropouts. n163 Women who do not
hold a high school diploma and reside in the Middle Atlantic, East North
Central, West North Central, South Atlantic, and West South Central census
divisions have lower offshorability indices than women high school dropouts
women in New England. n164 The key result for female high school graduates is
that union membership is associated with lower offshorability odds. n165 Middle
Atlantic and South Atlantic high school graduates have lower indices. n166 For
women with college degrees, the consistent finding is that public-sector women
have jobs that are less like to be offshored than private-sector women with the
same educational attainment. n167

   As for men, Panel B in Table 3 reveals that less-educated African American
men have lower offshoring odds than less-educated white men. n168 Union
membership is associated with lower offshoring indices for men with high school
diplomas, some college, an associate's degree, and a bachelor's degree, but
higher for men who dropped out of high school and those with advanced degrees.
n169 The impact of union membership is strongest for men with associate's
degrees and bachelor's degrees. n170 Midwestern high school-dropout men - that
is, in the East North Central and West North Central census divisions - have
much higher offshoring odds than male high school dropouts in New England. n171

   B. Union Membership

 Union membership insulates minority men more from offshoring compared to white
men. n172 I find no similar impact among female union members. n173  [*840]
Male and female union members who work in the public and non-profit sectors have
lower offshoring-index values than male and female non-union members in the
private sector. n174 Female union members who are high school dropouts or
possess an advanced degree have lower potential for offshorability than female
union members with some college. n175 Male union members across all levels of
educational attainment have higher indices of offshorablity than male union
members with some college. n176

   C. Public-Sector Workers

 Public-sector men and women who are union members have lower odds of
offshoring. n177 The benefits of union membership are stronger for men. n178
Public-sector men with college degrees have higher offshoring indices than
public-sector men with some college. n179 Table 3 suggests virtually the
opposite for public-sector women. n180 There is mild evidence that public-sector
women with advanced degrees have lower offshoring indices relative to
public-sector women with some college. n181 The opposite is the case for
public-sector, high school-graduate women. n182 They have a higher index of
offshorability relative to public-sector women with some college. n183

   D. Private-Sector Workers

 If the sample is limited to private-sector women, minority women have
significantly higher offshorability indices compared to white women. Union
members have lower odds of being offshored than non-union members. The
difference is measured with precision among women but not men. n184
Less-educated women and men in the private sector have lower offshorability
indices than private-sector workers with some college, while men with college
degrees have higher indices. n185 All women except those with associate's
degrees have lower offshoring indices than private-sector women with some
college. n186 Midwestern men in private-sector firms have higher indices than
[*841]  private-sector men in New England. n187 Midwestern women are not at
greater risk. n188

   E. Midwestern Workers

 Midwestern women and men who are union members have lower offshorability
indices than women and men who are non-union members in these regions. n189
These estimates, however, lack precision. Public-sector women and men in these
Midwestern states have lower indices than private-sector men living in these
states. n190 With respect to educational attainment, I find similar patterns as
discussed in the education sub-section. n191 Midwestern women with both the
least (high school graduates) and highest educational attainment (college
graduates) have lower odds of offshorability compared to women with some
college. n192 Men with no more than a high school degree have lower indices than
men with some college. n193 Midwestern men with college degrees have higher
indices than Midwestern men with some college. n194

   IV. Discussion and Conclusions: The Future for Men and Women

 The U.S. economy is facing several major cyclical and structural challenges.
Cyclically, the economy and labor market are recovering from the worst recession
since World War II. n195 Structurally, the link between productivity and wage
growth has been severed. n196 Labor's share of output has fallen, plummeting
8.8% since 2000. In 2011 that figure was at a historical low. But of greater
concern is that after peaking in 1982, labor's share has trended downward, even
though productivity has continued to increase. As a result, not only has the
growth in real hourly compensation slowed, income inequality has expanded.

   My major concern is that a new surge in U.S. income inequality will emerge. A
portion of inequality growth's reemergence could be due to a  [*842]  slowdown
or stagnation in the narrowing of the wage gap between men and women or even an
expansion in the gender wage gap. The source of this new surge could be either
globalization and IT adoption or the Great Recession and the subsequent weak
recovery. Long-term unemployment and underemployment caused by the Great
Recession could potentially morph into structural detachment from the labor
market.

   The question facing researchers and policymakers is not only how to re-ignite
the job creation machine of the 1990s expansion, a period when over twenty-two
million jobs were added, but also how to create broad-based prosperity that
counters the structural changes that have led to claims of the end of men. In
the context of the end-of-men hypothesis, the question is, how do we improve the
employment and earnings prospects of men? Although preliminary, this Article's
evidence indicates that as measured by wages, women's progress has stalled since
the late 1990s. Further, women, not men, are at greater risk of having their
occupations offshored. Therefore, the challenge is as follows: how do we
minimize the erosion in employment and earnings prospects of all Americans?

   First, we have to prevent today's near-record levels of long-term
unemployment and underemployment from becoming structural. As of 2011 the
percentage of men and women who are long-term unemployed (that is, unemployed
for twenty-seven weeks or more) is very similar. Forty-four and 43% of men are
long-term unemployed. Across all ages, the percentage of long-term unemployment
has risen. Except for the segment of the unemployed that is sixty-five and
older, men and women have virtually identical percentages. There is no gender
gap by race and marital status. From this evidence one might conclude that the
emergence of structural unemployment may not differ by gender. This will depend,
however, on men like Calvin, whom Rosin profiles to illustrate her end-of-men
hypothesis, n197 and the answers that emerge to the following questions:

   Will men's preferences toward jobs that are viewed as "female" change?

   Will there be increased investment in soft skills, such as social
intelligence and open communication skills?

   What will be men's relative exposure to unfavorable demand shifts created by
globalization and technology?

   Will men start to prefer higher-paying, faster-growing, and more stable
career-technical occupations?

    [*843]  The emergence of structural unemployment and underemployment will
also depend on women's labor market experiences and answers to questions such as
the following:

   Will women's higher indices of potential offshorability manifest themselves
as real job losses?

   Will younger women continue to move into trade occupations? If so, as Kongar
and others have found, n198 will those jobs' wages fall as the percentage of
women increases?

   Will further inroads in childcare (and, going forward, in eldercare) be made
such that women and men can maintain their labor force attachment and, if
needed, increase it?

   From a labor economist's perspective, with the uncertainty and increased risk
that American families are now facing, it is too early to conclude whether men's
pace of decline and women's pace of improvement will continue at their current
rates. Whatever paths emerge, they will require men and women to be flexible and
nimble and become lifelong learners, as observed by the Department of Labor.
n199

   Greater uncertainty will necessitate that all levels of government assist
individuals, families, and their communities in navigating the increased
economic risks. With the real and increasing threats to public investments in
human priority investments, n200 the role of social service nonprofits will take
on even greater importance.

    [*844]   [*845]

   Table 1: Trend Decomposition of the Gender Wage Gap, 1976 to 2012
 (Standard Errors in Parentheses)

      All               1 to 10 Years of              11 to 20 Years of 21 to
                        Potential                     Potential         30
                        Experience                    Experience        Years
                                                                        of
                                                                        Poten
                                                                        tial
                                                                        Exper
                                                                        ience
Compo 1968- 1976- 1989- 1968- 1976- 1989- 1968- 1976- 1989- 1968- 1976- 1989-
nent  12    89    12    12    89    12    12    89    12    12    89    12
Gap   -0.72 -1.48 -0.39 -0.70 -1.68 -0.28 -0.87 -1.99 -0.38 -0.93 -1.57 -0.66
      00a   00a   10a   40a   00a   10a   00a   00a   40a   60a   00a   30a
      (0.04 (0.07 (0.03 (0.05 (0.08 (0.04 (0.06 (0.10 (0.05 (0.05 (0.13 (0.06
      63)   06)   62)   94)   97)   60)   82)   34)   30)   20)   04)   68)
Quant -0.17 -0.25 -0.14 -0.35 -0.63 -0.22 -0.27 -0.43 -0.20 -0.15 0.029 -0.23
ities 90a   10a   70a   00a   90a   60a   60a   80a   60a   50a   1     40a
      (0.01 (0.03 (0.01 (0.01 (0.03 (0.01 (0.01 (0.04 (0.02 (0.01 (0.03 (0.01
      02)   14)   61)   84)   26)   67)   65)   67)   39)   39)   22)   65)
Race  0.007 -0.00 0.011 0.005 -0.01 0.012 -0.00 -0.03 0.006 -0.00 -0.01 0.006
      1a    21    0a    3a    12c   5a    67b   76a   6b    12    84a   2b
      (0.00 (0.00 (0.00 (0.00 (0.00 (0.00 (0.00 (0.00 (0.00 (0.00 (0.00 (0.00
      13)   39)   20)   19)   57)   29)   26)   66)   33)   17)   49)   25)
Educa -0.10 -0.06 -0.13 -0.26 -0.43 -0.19 -0.27 -0.40 -0.22 -0.15 0.047 -0.24
tion  90a   09a   00a   80a   80a   40a   70a   70a   00a   30a   6     00a
      (0.00 (0.01 (0.00 (0.01 (0.02 (0.01 (0.01 (0.04 (0.02 (0.01 (0.03 (0.01
      63)   91)   98)   22)   65)   36)   62)   84)   48)   44)   16)   62)
Poten -0.07 -0.18 -0.02 -0.08 -0.18 -0.04 0.007 0.006 0.007 -0.00 0.000 -0.00
tial  67a   80a   87a   83a   90a   45a   6a    9     9a    03    0     04
Exper
ience
      (0.00 (0.01 (0.00 (0.00 (0.02 (0.01 (0.00 (0.00 (0.00 (0.00 (0.00 (0.00
      78)   68)   86)   82)   02)   04)   16)   55)   28)   08)   26)   13)
Price -0.02 -0.00 -0.03 -0.06 0.026 -0.10 -0.02 0.076 -0.06 -0.02 0.004 -0.03
s     81    52    80a   21a   1     00a   06a   4a    25a   05a   2     13a
      (0.00 (0.00 (0.00 (0.00 (0.01 (0.00 (0.00 (0.01 (0.00 (0.00 (0.00 (0.00
      22)   58)   30)   71)   76)   90)   62)   11)   57)   29)   85)   44)
Race  -0.00 -0.00 0.000 -0.00 -0.00 -0.01 -0.00 0.000 -0.00 -0.00 -0.01 0.004
      08    39    6     88a   21    16a   25    8     39    05    21b   6
      (0.00 (0.00 (0.00 (0.00 (0.00 (0.00 (0.00 (0.00 (0.00 (0.00 (0.00 (0.00
      11)   35)   18)   18)   59)   30)   19)   63)   32)   19)   58)   30)
Educa -0.02 -0.01 -0.03 -0.05 0.006 -0.08 -0.01 0.079 -0.05 -0.02 0.021 -0.03
tion  97a   77a   49a   59a   5     29a   77a   2     96a   03a   0a    81a
      (0.00 (0.00 (0.00 (0.00 (0.01 (0.00 (0.00 (0.00 (0.00 (0.00 (0.00 (0.00
      11)   30)   15)   60)   64)   84)   59)   91)   47)   32)   78)   40)
Poten 0.002 0.016 -0.00 0.002 0.021 -0.00 -0.00 -0.00 0.001 0.000 -0.00 0.002
tial  4c    5a    37b   6     7c    57    04    36b   0     2     47b   3b
Exper
ience
      (0.00 (0.00 (0.00 (0.00 (0.00 (0.00 (0.00 (0.00 (0.00 (0.00 (0.00 (0.00
      12)   32)   16)   25)   77)   40)   05)   14)   07)   06)   18)   09)
Resid -0.79 -1.81 -0.35 -0.43 -1.45 0.006 -0.90 -2.33 -0.29 -1.13 -2.30 -0.62
ual   30a   00a   10a   30a   00a   4     70a   00a   00a   00 a  00a   20a
Quant
ities
      (0.06 (0.09 (0.04 (0.06 (0.09 (0.04 (0.08 (0.13 (0.07 (0.07 (0.15 (0.07
      15)   06)   65)   13)   05)   64)   78)   96)   16)   79)   07)   73)
Resid 0.279 0.587 0.146 0.142 0.380 0.038 0.334 0.703 0.175 0.369 0.701 0.225
ual   0a    0a    0a    0a    0a    7     0a    0a    0a    0a    0a    0a
Price
s
      (0.02 (0.07 (0.04 (0.02 (0.05 (0.02 (0.03 (0.11 (0.05 (0.04 (0.12 (0.06
      88)   84)   01)   03)   23)   68)   87)   05)   67)   28)   96)   64)
Notes: Author's calculations from micro data in the March Annual Demographic
files of the Current Population Survey from 1976 to 2012. To be included in
the sample the respondent must work full year (at least thirty-nine weeks)
and full time (at least thirty-five hours per week). Entries represent the
average annual growth in percent of a component. A negative sign indicates a
narrowing or convergence in the wage gap. Potential experience equals age
minus years of schooling minus six. For years after 1991, when the education
question changed to degrees attained, years of schooling are imputed using a
cross-walk developed from the February 1991 CPS. An "a" denotes significance
at the 1% level; a "b" denotes significance at the 5% level; and a "c"
denotes significance at the 10% level.

  [*846]

   Table 2: The Male-Female Difference in Offshorability
 (Dependent Variable: Offshoring Index)

                         OLS             Tobit           Quantile
                                                         Regression at
                                                         .75
Sample                   Unadj.  Adj.    Unadj.  Adj.    Unadj.  Adj.
All                      3.760a  3.861a  10.102a 10.508a 9.667a  9.724a
                         (0.102) (0.104) (0.294) (0.295) (0.564) (0.246)
Potential Experience
(in years)
Less than 10             2.955a  2.571a  8.249a  7.390a  20.000a 7.297a
                         (0.208) (0.211) (0.640) (0.636) (1.014) (0.313)
11 to 20                 3.294a  3.404a  8.660a  9.328a  7.667a  7.911a
                         (0.234) (0.238) (0.646) (0.645) (0.568) (0.468)
21 to 30                 3.657a  3.871a  9.731a  10.395a 7.667a  8.722a
                         (0.208) (0.211) (0.586) (0.590) (0.563) (0.360)
31 to 40                 4.606a  4.888a  11.871a 12.327a 8.667a  9.679a
                         (0.236) (0.239) (0.660) (0.671) (0.565) (0.509)
41 to 50                 7.279a  7.147a  20.160a 19.717a 29.667a 21.301a
                         (0.462) (0.479) (1.376) (1.418) (2.593) (0.817)
Educational Attainment
High School Dropout      3.932a  4.024a  16.113a 16.505a 6.000a  4.000a
                         (0.288) (0.295) (1.234) (1.251) (1.220) (0.0001)
High School Graduate     7.556a  7.519a  20.832a 20.761a 30.000a 27.314a
                         (0.180) (0.183) (0.529) (0.539) (0.433) (0.310)
Some College             6.880a  6.889a  17.599a 17.535a 19.667a 17.368a
                         (0.234) (0.239) (0.626) (0.635) (2.166) (0.619)
Associate's Degree       4.426a  4.765a  11.304a 12.275a 3.667a  11.455a
                         (0.334) (0.343) (0.894) (0.913) (0.562) (0.779)
Bachelor's Degree        2.418a  1.134a  6.334a  3.055a  5.000a  0.333a
                         (0.244) (0.246) (0.617) (0.615) (1.263) (0.00001)
Advanced Degree          5.504a  3.412   18.437a 11.377a 29.667a 0.000
                         (0.308) (0.305) (0.986) (0.949) (0.405) (0.0001)
Union Membership
Union                    1.363a  3.572a  3.752a  13.735a 0.000   0.000
                         (0.249) (0.272) (1.077) (1.123) (0.357) (0.0001)
Nonunion                 3.946a  4.094   10.243a 10.878a 7.667a  10.672a
                         (0.111) (0.112) (0.304) (0.307) (0.566) (0.238)
Class of Worker
Public                   2.288a  2.216a  9.448a  8.325a  21.000a 0.000
                         (0.223) (0.223) (0.919) (0.901) (1.166) (0.0001)
Private for Profit       4.807a  4.482a  12.103a 11.448a 12.667a 11.526a
                         (0.122) (0.122) (0.319) (0.319) (0.576) (0.249)
Private Not for Profit   3.735a  2.897a  12.878  9.300a  30.000a 3.667a
                         (0.381) (0.387) (1.397) (1.404) (0.559) (0.0001)
Table 2 continues on next page

  [*847]

   Table 2, continued: Male-Female Difference in Offshorability (Dependent
Variable: Offshoring Index)

                  OLS             Tobit               Quantile Regression
                                                      at .75
Census Division   Unadj.  Adj.    Unadj.    Adj.      Unadj.   Adj.
New England       2.600a  3.237a  6.353     8.216a    4.667a   5.967a
                  (0.306) (0.307) (0.861)   (0.859)   (0.564)  (0.654)
Middle Atlantic   3.120a  3.216a  8.378a    8.790a    8.667a   6.195a
                  (0.332) (0.335) (0.964)   (0.959)   (0.562)  (0.405)
East North        2.517a  3.154a  5.906a    7.598a    3.667a   4.808a
Central
                  (0.303) (0.307) (0.793)   (0.802)   (0.286)  (0.611)
West North        3.650a  4.205a  9.914a    11.508a   7.667a   10.071a
Central
                  (0.297) (0.301) (0.839)   (0.847)   (0.568)  (0.593)
South Atlantic    4.157a  3.884a  11.877a   11.279a   12.667a  10.468a
                  (0.240) (0.245) (0.701)   (0.707)   (0.847)  (0.307)
East South        3.612a  3.956a  8.705a    9.548a    7.667a   7.533a
Central
                  (0.469) (0.478) (1.312)   (1.322)   (0.572)  (1.190)
West South        3.966a  4.349a  10.455a   11.750a   16.667a  12.333a
Central
                  (0.362) (0.365) (1.076)   (1.081)   (0.851)  (0.0010)
Mountain          4.994a  4.792a  14.794a   14.146a   24.667a  14.259a
                  (0.303) (0.308) (0.936)   (0.939)   (0.839)  (0.425)
Pacific           4.612a  4.328a  12.706a   12.268a   14.667a  12.539a
                  (0.278) (0.282) (0.807)   (0.809)   (0.427)  (0.555)
Notes: Author's calculations from merging Blinder's (2007) occupation-
specific index of "potential" offshorability. The models regress the
offshorability index on a gender dummy variable that equals one if the
respondent is male and zero if the respondent is female. The unadjusted
models only include the gender dummy variable. The adjusted models
include potential experience, race, union membership, class of worker,
marital status, educational attainment, and census division. Each entry
corresponds to the coefficient on the gender dummy variable from a
regression for that sample (for example, less than ten years of potential
experience). A "-" sign indicates that males have a lower offshorability
index. Robust standard errors are in parentheses. Entries in the column
labeled OLS are gender differences from ordinary least-squares models
that have been corrected for hetereoscedasticy. The Tobit models treat
the highly nonoffshorable occupations as censored. Blinder does not
report an index value for these occupations. Since they comprise
approximately 60% of the 817 occupations, quantile regressions at higher
percentiles must be estimated to obtain a unique gender difference in the
odds of offshorability. Following Blinder, these over 60% of occupations
are given a value of 25. The quantile regression at the 0.75 quantile
includes the offshorability index (including the truncated values). An
"a" denotes significance at the 1% level; a "b" denotes significance at
the 5% level; and a "c" denotes significance at the 10% level.

  [*848]

   Table 3: Predictors of Potential Offshoring by Selected Samples


   [SEE TABLE 3 IN ORIGINAL]
  [*849]  Table 3, continued: Predictors of Potential Offshoring by Selected
Samples


   [SEE TABLE 3 CONT. IN ORIGINAL]

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  See Hanna Rosin, The End of Men: And the Rise of Women 5 (2012).





n2.  See id. at 135.





n3.  Id. at 7.





n4.  Id. at 7-8 ("Plastic Woman has during the last century performed superhuman
feats of flexibility ... . Cardboard Man, meanwhile, hardly changes at all.").





n5.  See id. at 117.





n6.  Id. at 2-4.





n7.  See id. at 4 (attributing Calvin's unemployment to the Great Recession, in
which "three-quarters of the 7.5 million jobs were lost by men" and the
industries hit hardest "were overwhelmingly male, and deeply identified with
macho: construction, manufacturing, [and] high finance").





n8.  Id. at 117.





n9.  Id.





n10.  Id. at 124.





n11.  Id. at 4.





n12.  See, e.g., David Autor, The Polarization of Job Opportunities in the U.S.
Labor Market: Implications for Employment and Earnings 7 (2010) (stating that
"since the late 1970s and early 1980s, the rise in U.S. education levels has not
kept up with the rising demand for skilled workers, and the slowdown in
educational attainment has been particularly severe for males," and examining
the change in the gender balance of the American workforce); Jesse Rothstein,
The Labor Market Four Years into the Crisis: Assessing Structural Explanations,
65 Indus. & Lab. Rel. Rev. 467, 473 (2012) ("Unemployment rates rose by somewhat
more (in percentage terms) for men than for women at each education level. This
pattern has led some commentators to refer to the Great Recession as a
man-cession."); Andrew Sum et al., No Country for Young Men: Deteriorating Labor
Market Prospects for Low-Skilled Men in the United States, 635 Annals Am. Acad.
Pol. & Soc. Sci. 24, 52 (2011) ("The findings on the labor market experiences of
many groups of young men in recent years, especially those with no to few
completed years of postsecondary schooling, are quite bleak. Substantial losses
in employment and earnings have taken place for key educational subgroups of
these young men, and widening disparities in employment and earnings outcomes
have taken hold across educational groups."); Catherine Rampell, As Layoffs
Surge, Women May Pass Men in Job Force, N.Y. Times, Feb. 5, 2009, at A1 ("The
proportion of women who are working has changed very little since the recession
started. But a full 82 percent of the job losses have befallen men, who are
heavily represented in distressed industries like manufacturing and
construction. Women tend to be employed in areas like education and health care,
which are less sensitive to economic ups and downs, and in jobs that allow more
time for child care and other domestic work.").





n13.  U.S. Dep't of Labor, Futurework: Trends and Challenges for Work in the
21st Century (1999), available at
http://digitalcommons.ilr.cornell.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?arti
cle=1066&context=key_workplace [hereinafter Futurework].





n14.  See generally id. (describing the shifts in types of work, skills,
employees, and physical workplaces that have occurred in recent years).





n15.  Id. at 60, 71.





n16.  Id. at 62.





n17.  Id. at 64-65 (explaining that with the growth in the high tech and
computer industry, individuals occupying jobs such as administrators must also
be technologically capable, and ""old school' auto mechanics can forget about
getting a job if they lack the skills to use computer-based diagnostic tools now
standard in repair shops").





n18.  Id. at 73.





n19.  Id. This phenomenon, called "creative destruction," was developed by
economic historian Joseph Schumpeter. See Herbert Hovenkamp, Competition for
Innovation, 2012 Colum. Bus. L. Rev. 799, 804-05 (describing Schumpeter's theory
of "creative destruction" as the process of "new technologies repeatedly
upending older ones in an unpredictable but dramatic fashion that produced far
more economic growth than the ordinary forces of price competition").





n20.  See Futurework, supra note 13, at 63-64.





n21.  See Rosin, supra note 1, at 4 ("Some of these jobs have come back, but the
dislocation is neither random nor temporary. The recession merely revealed - and
accelerated - a profound economic shift that has been going on for at least
thirty years, and in some respects even longer.").





n22.  Id. at 85.





n23.  Adam Hadi, Construction Employment Peaks Before the Recession and Falls
Sharply Throughout It, Monthly Lab. Rev., Apr. 2011, at 24, 26 (showing that
both residential and nonresidential construction employment experienced an
overall decline from 2001 to 2011, despite first climbing from the 2001 levels).





n24.  Futurework, supra note 13, at 3.





n25.  Id.





n26.  Id.





n27.  Id.





n28.  Id. at 9 (suggesting that for many employers, offering alternative working
arrangements for workers with families makes sense, and that "the goal is to
create a balance between the need to furnish workers with fair wages and
benefits and the ability to care for their families, while providing employers
the flexibility they need to be competitive in the global economy").





n29.  Id. at 94.





n30.  Id.





n31.  See Rampell, supra note 12 (explaining that the recession impacted men
disproportionately because male-dominated industries, such as manufacturing,
were hit particularly hard).





n32.  Alejandra Cancino, Paychecks Fall Short for Many Factory Jobs, Chi. Trib.,
Oct. 3, 2012, at 1 (comparing past and present pay rates of manufacturing
workers, thereby showing that workers earn far less than employees in similar
positions once did).





n33.  Francine D. Blau & Lawrence M. Kahn, The U.S. Gender Pay Gap in the 1990s:
Slowing Convergence, 60 Indus. & Lab. Rel. Rev. 45, 45 (2006) [hereinafter Blau
& Kahn, 1990s Gender Pay Gap].





n34.  A large literature has shown how from the 1970s through the 1980s, the
gender wage gap narrowed much faster than it narrowed during the 1980s and early
1990s. See, e.g., Blau & Kahn, 1990s Gender Pay Gap, supra note 33; Francine D.
Blau & Lawrence M. Kahn, Gender Differences in Pay, 14 J. Econ. Persp. 75, 76
(2000); Francine D. Blau & Lawrence M. Kahn, Swimming Upstream: Trends in the
Gender Wage Differential in the 1980s, 15 J. Labor Econ. 1, 1-2 (1997); Nicole
M. Fortin & Thomas Lemieux, Rank Regressions, Wage Distribution, and the Gender
Gap, 33 J. Human Resources 610, 638 (1998); Ebru Kongar, Is Deindustrialization
Good for Women? Evidence from the United States, 14 Feminist Econ. 73, 74
(2008).





n35.  For a summary of the methods, see Yana van der Meulen Rodgers, A Primer on
Wage Gap Decompositions in the Analysis of Labor Market Discrimination, in
Handbook on the Economics of Discrimination 11 (William M. Rodgers III ed.,
2006).





n36.  Blau & Kahn, 1990s Gender Pay Gap, supra note 33.





n37.  See generally id.





n38.  Id. at 65.





n39.  Id.





n40.  Id.





n41.  Alan S. Blinder, How Many U.S. Jobs Might Be Offshorable? (Princeton Univ.
Ctr. for Econ. Policy Studies, Working Paper No. 142, 2007).





n42.  Rosin, supra note 1, at 117.





n43.  Id.





n44.  Id. at 124.





n45.  Id. at 4.





n46.  The information referenced throughout this Part is heavily based on the
author's own calculations and data analysis, on file with the author, of
published statistics from Labor Force Statistics from the Current Population
Survey, U.S. Dep't Lab., Bureau Lab. Stat., http://www.bls.gov/cps/ (last
visited May 21, 2013), and Data Access Tools, U.S. Dep't Lab., Bureau Lab.
Stat., http://www.census.gov/main/www/access.html (last visited May 21, 2013).





n47.  I interpret the "most" to mean the occupations that will add the largest
number of jobs, as opposed to the largest percent, over the next ten years.





n48.  Employment Projections: Industry-Occupation Matrix Data, by Industry, U.S.
Dep't Lab., Bureau Lab. Stat., http://www.bls.gov/emp/ep_table_109.htm (last
modified Feb. 1, 2012).





n49.  Employment Projections: Occupations with the Largest Job Growth, U.S.
Dep't Lab., Bureau Lab. Stat., http://www.bls.gov/emp/ep_table_104.htm (last
modified Feb. 1, 2012).





n50.  Compare id., with Labor Force Statistics from the Current Population
Survey: Employed Persons by Detailed Occupation, Sex, Race, and Hispanic or
Latino Ethnicity, U.S. Dep't Lab., Bureau Lab. Stat.,
http://www.bls.gov/cps/cpsaat11.htm (last modified Feb. 5, 2013).





n51.  See Employment Projections: Occupations with the Largest Job Growth, supra
note 49.





n52.  Id.





n53.  See Rosin, supra note 1, at 117.





n54.  Labor Force Statistics from the Current Population Survey, U.S. Dep't
Lab., Bureau Lab. Stat., http://data.bls.gov/pdq/querytool.jsp?survey=ln (last
visited May 21, 2013) (select "Women" under Sex; select "Black or African
American" under Race; select "All Origins" under Ethnic Origin; select "16 and
over" under Age; select "All educational levels" under Education (twenty-five
years and older only); select "All marital statuses" under Marital Status;
select "Civilian noninstitutional population" under Labor Force Status; click
"Get Data"; on next page, click date dropdown menu for "From" which begins at
year 1972).





n55.  U.S. Census Bureau, S2401, Occupation by Sex and Median Earnings in the
Past 12 Months (in 2011 Inflation-Adjusted Dollars) for the Civilian Employed
Population 16 Years and Over (2011),
http://factfinder2.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/s earchresults.xhtml?refresh=t
(under Topics, select "People," then "Age & Sex," then "Sex"; beside "Refine
your search results" follow "Go" hyperlink; follow table name hyperlink).





n56.  U.S. Census Bureau, EEO-ALL02W, Detailed Census Occupation by Sex, and
Race/Ethnicity for Worksite Geography, Total Population (2006-2010),
http://factfinder2.census.gov/faces/nav/jsf/pages/searchresults.xhtml?ref resh=t
(under Topics, select "People," then "Age & Sex," then "Sex"; beside "Refine
your search results" select "occupation" and type "0136"; follow "Go" hyperlink;
follow table name hyperlink); id. (under Topics, select "People," then "Age &
Sex," then "Sex"; beside "Refine your search results" select "occupation" and
type "0120"; follow "Go" hyperlink; follow table name hyperlink).





n57.  Id. (under Topics, select "People," then "Age & Sex," then "Sex"; beside
"Refine your search results" select "occupation" and type "0010"; follow "Go"
hyperlink; follow table name hyperlink).





n58.  Id. (under Topics, select "People," then "Age & Sex," then "Sex"; beside
"Refine your search results" select "occupation" and type "0020"; follow "Go"
hyperlink; follow table name hyperlink).





n59.  Id. (under Topics, select "People," then "Age & Sex," then "Sex"; beside
"Refine your search results" select "occupation" and type "0205"; follow "Go"
hyperlink; follow table name hyperlink).





n60.  Id. (under Topics, select "People," then "Age & Sex," then "Sex"; beside
"Refine your search results" select "occupation" and type "6440"; follow "Go"
hyperlink; follow table name hyperlink).





n61.  Id. (under Topics, select "People," then "Age & Sex," then "Sex"; beside
"Refine your search results" select "occupation" and type "6230"; follow "Go"
hyperlink; follow table name hyperlink).





n62.  Id. (under Topics, select "People," then "Age & Sex," then "Sex"; beside
"Refine your search results" select "occupation" and type "7220"; follow "Go"
hyperlink; follow table name hyperlink).





n63.  Id. (under Topics, select "People," then "Age & Sex," then "Sex"; beside
"Refine your search results" select "occupation" and type "7110"; follow "Go"
hyperlink; follow table name hyperlink).





n64.  Id. (under Topics, select "People," then "Age & Sex," then "Sex"; beside
"Refine your search results" select "occupation" and type "6355"; follow "Go"
hyperlink; follow table name hyperlink).





n65.  Id. (under Topics, select "People," then "Age & Sex," then "Sex"; beside
"Refine your search results" select "occupation" and type "2310"; follow "Go"
hyperlink; follow table name hyperlink).





n66.  Id. (under Topics, select "People," then "Age & Sex," then "Sex"; beside
"Refine your search results" select "occupation" and type "3255"; follow "Go"
hyperlink; follow table name hyperlink).





n67.  For details on the process of labeling the business cycle, see The NBER's
Business Cycle Dating Procedure: Frequently Asked Questions, Nat'l Bureau Econ.
Res., http://www.nber.org/cycles/recessions_faq.html (last visited May 23,
2013).





n68.  Current-Dollar and "Real" GDP, Bureau Econ. Analysis,
http://bea.gov/national/xls/gdpchg.xls (last modified Apr. 26, 2013).





n69.  Rosin, supra note 1, at 4.





n70.  2010 SCF Chartbook, Bd. Governors Fed. Reserve Sys. (July 19, 2012),
http://www.federalreserve.gov/econresdata/scf/files/2010_SCF&u
score;Chartbook.pdf.





n71.  For details on the process of labeling the business cycle, see The NBER's
Business Cycle Dating Procedure: Frequently Asked Questions, supra note 67.





n72.  Current-Dollar and "Real" GDP, supra note 68.





n73.  Id.





n74.  Id.





n75.  Rosin, supra note 1, at 5.





n76.  Id.





n77.  Id.





n78.  Id.





n79.  The technique used in this Article is attributed to Chinhui Juhn, Kevin
Murphy, and Brooks Pierce. See Chinhui Juhn et al., Accounting for the Slowdown
in Black-White Wage Convergence, in Workers and Their Wages: Changing Patterns
in the United States 107 (Marvin H. Kosters ed., 1991). It has its origins in
the work of Ronald Oaxaca and Alan Blinder. See Alan S. Blinder, Wage
Discrimination: Reduced Form and Structural Estimates, 8 J. Hum. Resources 436
(1973); Ronald Oaxaca, Male-Female Wage Differentials in Urban Labor Markets, 14
Int'l Econ. Rev. 693 (1973).





n80.  Blau & Kahn, 1990s Gender Pay Gap, supra note 33, at 45.





n81.  Id. at 64-65.





n82.  Id.





n83.  Id.





n84.  Id. at 46-47.





n85.  Id. at 54. In a related study, Ebru Kongar shows that the expansion of the
gender wage gap in the service sector led to the slowdown in the gender wage
gap's convergence. Kongar, supra note 34, at 75. Within the service sector, two
occupational dynamics generated the expansion. First, women expanded their
presence in male-dominated occupations, which typically have higher wages. Id.
Second, the gender pay gap within these occupations expanded as women's presence
increased. Id. at 86.





n86.  Self-employed individuals are excluded. See infra Table 1.





n87.  Blau & Kahn, 1990s Gender Pay Gap, supra note 33, at 47.





n88.  Kongar, supra note 34, at 92.





n89.  The values are as follows: Fourth grade or less = 0.512; Fifth or Sixth
grade = 2.642; Seventh or Eighth grade = 6.732; Ninth grade = 8.446; Tenth grade
= 9.389; Eleventh grade = 10.369; Twelfth grade, no diploma = 11.042; High
school graduate, diploma or equivalent (GED) = 11.480; Some college but no
degree = 12.937; Associate degree, occupational/vocational = 13.599; Associate
degree, academic program = 13.861; Bachelor's degree = 15.646; Master's degree =
17.164; Professional school degree = 17.203; Doctorate degree = 17.288.





n90.  See infra Table 1.





n91.  See infra Table 1.





n92.  See, e.g., decreasetion of school graduate to the he response.?] what to
call this.]'gside each other... Rodgers, supra note 35.





n93.  See infra Table 1.





n94.  See infra Table 1.





n95.  See infra Table 1.





n96.  The decompositions for men and women with thirty-one to forty and
forty-one to fifty years of potential experience were constructed. They generate
results similar to the group with twenty-one to thirty years of potential
experience.





n97.  See infra Table 1.





n98.  Rosin, supra note 1, at 124 ("Of the thirty professions projected to add
the most jobs over the next decade, women dominate twenty, including nursing,
accounting, home health assistance, child care, and food preparation.").





n99.  The information in this Part is heavily based on the author's own
calculations and data analysis, on file with the author, of published statistics
from Employment Projections, U.S. Dep't Lab., Bureau Lab. Stat.,
http://www.bls.gov/emp/ (last visited May 21, 2013).





n100.  See Employment Projections: Occupations with the Largest Job Growth,
supra note 49.





n101.  Occupational Outlook Handbook: Physicians and Surgeons, U.S. Dep't Lab.,
Bureau Lab. Stat. (Mar. 29, 2012),
http://www.bls.gov/ooh/healthcare/physicians-and-surgeons.htm.





n102.  Occupational Outlook Handbook: Software Developers, U.S. Dep't Lab.,
Bureau Lab. Stat. (July 18, 2012),
http://www.bls.gov/ooh/Computer-and-Information-Technology/Software-developers.h
tm#tab-5.





n103.  Id.





n104.  See Bureau of Labor Statistics, Report 1040, Women in the Labor Force: A
Databook 32, 34 (2013), available at
http://www.bls.gov/cps/wlf-databook-2012.pdf.





n105.  See Occupational Outlook Handbook: Fastest Growing Occupations, U.S.
Dep't Lab., Bureau Lab. Stat. (Mar. 29, 2012),
http://www.bls.gov/ooh/fastest-growing.htm (listing personal care aide, physical
therapist assistant, and occupational therapy assistant as being among the
fastest growing occupations).





n106.  Compare Employment Projections: Fastest Growing Occupations, U.S. Dep't
Lab., Bureau Lab. Stat., http://www.bls.gov/emp/ep_table_103.htm (last modified
Feb. 1, 2012), with Employment Projections: Occupations with the Largest Job
Growth, supra note 49.





n107.  See Occupational Outlook Handbook: Fastest Growing Occupations, supra
note 105; see also Bureau of Labor Statistics, supra note 104, at 38 (reporting
that women constitute 1.9% of carpenters and 0.9% of brick masons).





n108.  See Employment Projections: Fastest Growing Occupations, supra note 106.





n109.  Id.





n110.  See Rosin, supra note 1, at 5-6.





n111.  Blinder, supra note 41, at 19-26.





n112.  Data, on file with author, from Current Population Survey (CPS), U.S.
Census Bureau, http://www.census.gov/cps/ (last visited May 23, 2013).





n113.  Blinder, supra note 41, at 9 ("This paper creates and presents a
two-digit "offshoreability" index number for each of 817 occupations. But the
scale is ordinal, not cardinal.").





n114.  Id. at 26.





n115.  Id. at 19.





n116.  Id.





n117.  Id.





n118.  Id.





n119.  Id.





n120.  Id.





n121.  Id.





n122.  Id.





n123.  See id.





n124.  Id.





n125.  See infra Table 2.





n126.  See infra Table 2.





n127.  See infra Table 2.





n128.  These estimates are on file with author.





n129.  See infra Table 2.





n130.  See infra Table 2.





n131.  See infra Table 2.





n132.  See infra Table 2.





n133.  See infra Table 2.





n134.  These estimates are on file with author.





n135.  See infra Table 2.





n136.  See infra Table 2.





n137.  Data, on file with author, from Current Population Survey (CPS), supra
note 112.





n138.  In 2001 most women working in the service sector remained employed in
clerical jobs that are low paying. Kongar, supra note 34, at 86.





n139.  See infra Table 2.





n140.  See infra Table 2.





n141.  See infra Table 2.





n142.  See infra Table 2.





n143.  See infra Table 2.





n144.  See infra Table 2.





n145.  See infra Table 2.





n146.  See infra Table 1.





n147.  See infra Table 3.





n148.  See infra Table 3.





n149.  The exclusion of one group in each category is required for the
regression to function. I chose to exclude these groups because if interested in
the relationships captured in the coefficients, it is easier to interpret the
estimated differences between groups.





n150.  See infra Table 3.





n151.  See infra Table 3.





n152.  See infra Table 3.





n153.  See infra Table 3.





n154.  See infra Table 3.





n155.  See infra Table 3.





n156.  See infra Table 3.





n157.  See infra Table 3.





n158.  See infra Table 3.





n159.  See infra Table 3.





n160.  See infra Table 3.





n161.  Blinder, supra note 41, at 1-2 (discussing the fact that the key factor
for determining offshoreability is whether the services can be rendered
electronically without a decrease in quality).





n162.  See infra Table 3.





n163.  See infra Table 3.





n164.  See infra Table 3.





n165.  See infra Table 3.





n166.  See infra Table 3.





n167.  See infra Table 3.





n168.  See infra Table 3.





n169.  See infra Table 3.





n170.  See infra Table 3.





n171.  See infra Table 3.





n172.  See infra Table 3.





n173.  See infra Table 3.





n174.  See infra Table 3.





n175.  See infra Table 3.





n176.  See infra Table 3.





n177.  See infra Table 3.





n178.  See infra Table 3.





n179.  See infra Table 3.





n180.  See infra Table 3.





n181.  See infra Table 3.





n182.  See infra Table 3.





n183.  See infra Table 3.





n184.  See infra Table 3.





n185.  See infra Table 3.





n186.  See infra Table 3.





n187.  See infra Table 3.





n188.  See infra Table 3.





n189.  See infra Table 3.





n190.  See infra Table 3.





n191.  See infra Table 3; supra Part III.A.





n192.  See infra Table 3.





n193.  See infra Table 3.





n194.  See infra Table 3.





n195.  Analysts believed that sharp economic downturns were in the past.
Recessions were characterized as having shallow downturns followed by jobless
recoveries. Instead, the Great Recession and recovery brought a major economic
contraction followed by a jobless recovery and slow job growth.





n196.  See, e.g., Susan Fleck et al., The Compensation-Productivity Gap: A
Visual Essay, Monthly Lab. Rev., Jan. 2011, at 57, 59 (illustrating how hourly
compensation has grown more slowly than productivity).





n197.  See Rosin, supra note 1, at 1-4 (discussing how Calvin does not serve as
a breadwinner and is removed from the lives of his daughter and her mother).





n198.  See supra note 85.





n199.  Futurework, supra note 13, at 39 (observing that flexibility is needed to
help workers meet family and other obligations); see also Rosin, supra note 1,
at 263 ("Over this century, women have proven themselves adept at shifting and
remaking and sometimes contorting themselves to fit the times, and that very
flexibility and responsiveness has come to define success in our era.").





n200.  Examples include government social benefits to persons, social insurance
funds, housing and community services, health recreation and culture, education,
libraries, and income security.


                               46 of 90 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           October 23, 2008 Thursday
                                Regional Edition

USDA Action On Bias Complaints Is Criticized

BYLINE: Darryl Fears; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A06

LENGTH: 504 words


The Government Accountability Office yesterday condemned the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's approach to resolving hundreds of discrimination complaints
brought by minority employees and black farmers, and urged Congress to consider
appointing an oversight board to review civil rights concerns at the agency.

The report said the credibility of USDA efforts to resolve discrimination
complaints "has and continues to be undermined by faulty reporting of data" and
that "even such basic information as the number of discrimination complaints is
subject to wide variation in . . . reports to the public and Congress."

The USDA's reports about minority participation in farm programs are equally
unreliable, the GAO report said. The agency produced three reports to Congress
on minority participation between 2003 and 2005, yet the agency did not know
precisely the race, ethnicity or gender of the participants because workers
relied solely on visual observation to determine ethnic origin.

The USDA's office of civil rights, which has 129 employees and a budget of $24
million, is responsible for handling complaints. But it has limited strategic
planning and "does not address key steps needed to achieve its mission," the
report said.

Margo M. McKay, assistant secretary for civil rights at the USDA, said the GAO
report failed to acknowledge changes that were implemented in 2005. McKay said a
new Internet-based system was installed to track and efficiently handle employee
complaints.

"It's going to take a while for us to be able to generate . . . analyses, but
it's light-years ahead of where we were," McKay said.

Black USDA employees have long complained of discrimination in hiring and
promotions, and have deluged the agency with complaints. When Vernon Parker was
assistant secretary for civil rights in 2005, the USDA submitted several
assessments of its discrimination complaint backlog to Congress. The total
number of complaints varied.

After McKay arrived in 2006, the agency submitted a 2007 report to Congress
asserting that a backlog of 700 complaints had been reduced. According to the
GAO report, McKay knew that was not the case.

"In fact, before the [USDA] made its report to the public in 2007, . . .
officials were planning to hire additional attorneys to deal with the backlog of
complaints," GAO said.

As the USDA struggled with complaints from inside its offices, minority and
women farmers complained of being denied access to loans that were granted to
white male farmers, and of being cut off from other farm programs.

In 1999, black farmers won a landmark discrimination suit against the USDA and
applied for restitution under a consent decree. The USDA is fighting similar
class actions  filed by women, Hispanic and Native American farmers.

The USDA approved 15,400 claims filed before an October 1999 deadline, paying
nearly $1 billion. But the agency declined more than 70,000 claims filed after
the deadline, saying they were tardy. Farmers complained they were given no
notice of the cutoff date.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                               47 of 90 DOCUMENTS



                        Courier (Freeman, South Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 22, 2011

County Committee nominations due Aug. 1

BYLINE: Freeman Courier staff

LENGTH: 298  words


County Committee election nominations begin June 15. Farmers, ranchers and
landowners are encouraged to nominate candidates to serve on their local FSA
county committee by the Aug. 1, 2011 deadline.

Elected county committee members serve a three-year term and are responsible for
making decisions on FSA disaster, conservation, commodity and price support
programs, as well as other important federal farm program issues.

County committee members are a valuable asset because they are local producers
who participate in FSA programs themselves and have a direct connection to
farmers and ranchers in the local area.

This year the Local Administrative Area (LAA-1) producers have an opportunity to
participate. This consists of Dolton, Monroe, Rosefield, Marion, Childstown and
Norway Townships.

Producers may nominate themselves or others as candidates. Organizations that
represent minority an women farmers and ranchers may also nominate candidates.
Nominees must participate in a program administered by FSA, be eligible to vote
in a county committee election and reside in the local administrative area (LAA)
in which the person is a candidate. To become a nominee, eligible individuals
must sign form FSA-669A.

County Committees are comprised of three to five members elected by local
producers. All newly elected county committee members and alternates will take
office Jan. 2, 2012.

Nomination forms must be postmarked or received in the local USDA Service Center
by close of business on Aug. 1, 2011.

For more information about county committees, please contact your local FSA
office or go online at www.fsa.usda.gov.

Reminder: If you are through planting, call the office 605 297 5564 ext. 2 for
an appointment to certify your acres.

FSA Notes

Turner County Farm Service Agency Parker-297-5564

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Politics

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FRE

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                  Copyright 2011 Freeman, South Dakota Courier


                               48 of 90 DOCUMENTS



                       The New Era (Parker, South Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 23, 2011

FSA County Committee nominations start June 15;
FSA News

BYLINE: The New Era staff

LENGTH: 295  words


County Committee election nominations begin Wednesday, June 15. Farmers,
ranchers and landowners are encouraged to nominate candidates to serve on their
local FSA county committee by the Monday, Aug. 1 deadline.

Elected county committee members serve a three year term and are responsible for
making decisions on FSA disaster, conservation, commodity, and price support
programs, as well as other important federal farm program issues.

County committee members area a valuable asset because they are local producers
who participate in FSA programs themselves and have a direct connection to
farmers and ranchers in the local area.

This year the Local Administrative Area (L AA-1) producers have an opportunity
to participate. This consists of Dolton, Monroe, Rosefield, Marion, Childstown,
and Norway Townships.

Producers may nominate themselves or others as candidates. Organizations that
represent minority and women farmers and ranchers may also nominate candidates.
Nominees must participate in a program administered by FSA, be eligible to vote
in a county committee election, and reside in the local administrative area
(LAAO in which the person is a candidate. To become a nominee, eligible
individuals must sign form FSA-669A.

The County Committees are comprised of three to five members elected by local
producers. All newly elected county committee members and alternates will take
office Monday, Jan. 2, 2012.

Nomination forms must be postmarked or received in the local USDA Service Center
by close of business on Monday, Aug. 1.

For more information about county committees, please contact your local FSA
office or go online at www.fsa.Usda.gOV.

Reminder: If you are through planting, please call the office 605-297-5564 Ex. 2
for an appointment to certify your acres.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Politics

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NER

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                           Copyright 2011 The New Era


                               49 of 90 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            July 4, 2007, Wednesday

FSA county committee nominations start

SECTION: METRO NORTH; Pg. P3

LENGTH: 281 words


Farmer candidate nominations have begun for local Farm Service Agency county
committees. The nomination period continues through Aug. 1, with elections
taking place this fall.

To be eligible to serve on an FSA county committee, a person must participate or
cooperate in a program administered by FSA, be eligible to vote in a county
committee election and reside in the local administrative area in which the
person is a candidate.

Producers may also nominate themselves, and organizations representing minority
and women may also nominate candidates.

To become a nominee, eligible individuals must sign Form FSA-669A. The form and
other valuable information about FSA county committee elections are available
online at www.fsa.usda.gov; click on News & Events, then County Committee
Elections.

Nomination forms for the 2007 election must be postmarked or received in the
local USDA Service Center by close of business on Aug. 1.

FSA county committee members make decisions on disaster and conservation
programs, emergency programs, commodity price support loan programs and other
important agricultural issues.

Members serve three-year terms. Nationwide, there are more than 7,800 farmers
and ranchers serving on FSA county committees. Committees consist of three to
five members who are elected by eligible local producers.

This year's elections take place Nov. 2-Dec. 3. Newly elected committee members
and alternates take office Jan. 1.

Between 2003 and 2006, the number of minority and women farmers nominated as
candidates to FSA county committees nationwide increased 35 percent.
Additionally, the number of African American producers nominated as candidates
tripled during the same period.

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Charleston Newspapers


                               50 of 90 DOCUMENTS

                  Copyright (c) 1999 North Carolina Law Review
                           North Carolina Law Review

                                 January, 1999

                               77 N.C.L. Rev. 637

LENGTH: 39188 words

ARTICLE: Squaw Drudges, Farm Wives, and Dann sisters' Last Stand: American
Indian Women's Resistance to Domestication and the Denial of Their Property
Rights

NAME: Allison M. Dussias *

BIO:



   * Professor of Law, New England School of Law. A.B., Georgetown University,
1984; J.D., University of Michigan, 1987.I am grateful to Govind P. Sreenivasan
for his comments and suggestions and to the Board of Trustees and Dean of New
England School of Law for the summer research stipend that made this Article
possible.

 TEXT:
 [*637]

   This article discusses the Dann sisters' struggle against the federal
government for legal recognition of their right to graze livestock on Western
Shoshone ancestral land. It places this struggle within the context of U.S.
policy towards the Indians, policy which historically has denied the property
rights of Indian women and attempted to transform Indian women's social roles so
that they mirror those of white American women. Viewed in this context, the Dann
sisters' battle is symbolic of Indian women's continuing resistance towards the
U.S. government's attempts to impose upon them a Euro-American vision of
property rights, proper land use, and correct gender roles for women.

[*638]



    It is very clear to those most closely studying the "Indian problem' that
the elevation of the women is ... the key to the situation... The children start
from the plane of the mother rather than from that of the father. Therefore the
great work of the present is to reach and lift the women and the home.  n1



 [The women] ... are now relieved of much drudgery and toil once imposed upon
them by the male members of the tribe, the burden of the heaviest work being
borne, as it should be, by the stronger sex.  n2



 "The earth is our mother... Only a woman can give birth, nourish life. We can't
own the earth because we are from the earth. Can you own your mother when she
brought life to you?"  n3


   I. Introduction

 Since the early 1970s, two Western Shoshone sisters named Carrie and Mary Dann
have fought for legal recognition of their right to graze livestock on Western
Shoshone ancestral land in Nevada  [*639]  that is claimed by the federal
government as public domain land.  n4 When the United States brought trespass
actions against the Dann sisters for failing to obtain a grazing permit, the
Danns claimed that the government could not require them to obtain a permit
because the Western Shoshones held aboriginal title to the land.  n5 In 1985,
the U.S. Supreme Court held that the United States had already made "payment" to
the Western Shoshone Tribe for extinguishment of the tribe's aboriginal title to
the land by placing funds in a U.S. Treasury trust account for the tribe,  n6
even though the tribe had not yet received any of the money.  n7 This holding
precluded the Danns from raising Western Shoshone aboriginal title as a defense
to the trespass action.  n8 In 1989, the Ninth Circuit held that the Danns might
have limited individual aboriginal title and aboriginal grazing rights, but any
such grazing rights would be subject to federal regulation.  n9 The Danns have
continued to resist government efforts to restrict grazing of their livestock on
land they consider their tribe's  n10 and have also opposed government-approved
mining activities and the testing of nuclear weapons near their ranch.  n11

    [*640]  Viewed against the backdrop of the history of U.S. government policy
toward American Indian tribes and their land, the Dann sisters' defiance appears
as more than simply the struggle of two individuals to defend what they believe
to be theirs; rather, the Danns' struggle can be understood as a striking
example of continuing resistance by Indians, and by Indian women in particular,
to the federal government's efforts to impose, both explicitly and implicitly, a
Euro-American vision of the nature of land, property rights, proper land use,
and acceptable gender roles in the family, in society, and in the economy.
Placed in an even broader context, the Danns' struggle can be viewed as an
example of the resistance of indigenous peoples around the world to the
continuing effects of colonization.

   The legal principles underlying the federal courts' approach to the Dann
sisters' claimed defense were established by the Supreme Court in the 1823 case
Johnson v. McIntosh.  n12 Chief Justice John Marshall's opinion for the Court
laid the foundation of U.S. law regarding Indian property rights by denying
Indian tribes full legal title to their land.  n13 The Johnson opinion was
predicated on a particular conception of Indian land-use patterns and property
rights. Chief Justice Marshall depicted Indians as savages who lived an
unsettled life of hunting and fighting, who recognized only communal rights with
respect to land, and who could not survive in the vicinity of farmers.  n14
Indian women and their relationship with the land were wholly absent from this
picture. Chief Justice Marshall ignored the fact that for centuries, many tribes
had indeed engaged in settled agriculture, and that in many of these tribes,
women were largely responsible for farming and were the holders of important
property rights in the land.  n15

    [*641]  Later in the nineteenth century, federal government officials
acknowledged Indian women's traditional role in tribal agriculture, but viewed
this role as evidence of Indians' "uncivilized" way of life, in which, the
officials imagined, men were idle and women were downtrodden and overburdened
"squaw drudges."  n16 Officials sought to transform this imagined way of life
through assimilation into the Euro-American way of life, in which men were
farmers and women were dependent and submissive farm wives. Tribal land was
allotted to individual Indians, with a preference for Indian men, to foster
Indian farming. Indian women were to be, in effect, domesticated - rescued from
a wild and savage life in order to take their proper place in the domestic
sphere. In the twentieth century, in United States v. Dann,  n17 the Supreme
Court, and lower federal courts, dealt directly with the often ignored property
rights of Indian women but did not elaborate on the nature of these rights,
either currently or historically, or discuss the impact of federal government
policy, both past or present, on the property rights and way of life of Indian
women.

   This Article explores how federal law and government policy have denied the
property rights of Indian women and have been aimed, both implicitly and
explicitly, at transforming Indian women, their relationship with the land, and
their role within the family, in society, and in the economy, by changing them
into model American farm wives, who left farming and other labor outside the
home, the responsibilities of land ownership, and involvement in the economy to
their husbands. The Article also analyzes how the Dann sisters' struggle
reflects continuing resistance to this denial of property rights and
transformation by Indian women, who have emerged as important contemporary
tribal leaders.  n18

    [*642]  Part II analyzes Johnson v. McIntosh and the distorted view of the
Indian way of life on which the Supreme Court based its decision and compares
this view to the historical reality of the agricultural practices of the tribes
east of the Mississippi River. In the Six Nations of the Iroquois Confederacy of
New York State, the Algonquian tribes of the Virginia tidewater, and the tribes
of what is today the State of Illinois, for example, women were traditionally
given primary responsibility for agriculture and were recognized as having
strong ties to, and property rights in, the land they farmed. The Johnson Court
ignored Indian women's role in tribal agriculture and imposed limitations on
Indian tribes' property rights that were similar to those imposed on the
property rights of nineteenth-century American women. Because in many tribes,
Indian women held the most important individual property rights associated with
land, the Johnson Court's restrictions on Indian property rights can be
understood as having the most profound impact on Indian women.

   Part III discusses government policy toward Indians and their property rights
later in the nineteenth century, when the General Allotment Act (or "Dawes Act")
n19 and related government programs sought to impose the U.S. legal system's
conception of land ownership and use on Indians and to transform Indian women
into farm wives, in keeping with Euro-American society's understanding of proper
gender roles. Together with the Christianization of the Indians,  n20 the
imposition of the U.S. legal system's real property  [*643]  concepts and the
transformation of Indian gender roles were integral components of the
government's policy to assimilate the Indians.  n21 Part III pays particular
attention to the "field matron" program, under which white women were appointed
to provide training in cooking, cleaning, sewing, home decorating, and other
homemaking skills to Indian women, while other government employees focused on
teaching Indian men to be farmers. The decision to teach men what many tribes
considered "women's work," rather than teaching Euro-American farming techniques
to Indian women who were the traditional tribal agriculturalists, may well have
contributed to the allotment program's failure to transform Indians into
successful farmers.

   Part IV examines the Dann sisters' struggle and their dealings with the
federal government in light of the analysis in Parts II and III. This Part also
discusses how the Dann sisters' way of life and legal claims reflect continuing
resistance to the gender roles, the attenuated relationship with the land, and
the restricted property rights that the federal government has long sought to
impose on Indians in general, and on Indian women in particular. The Article
concludes with some final thoughts on the historical and continuing effects of
the government's efforts to transform and assimilate Indians and to destroy
their traditional relationship with the land.

   II. Indian Farming and Property Rights: Marshall's Story vs. "The Actual
State of Things"



However extravagant the pretension of converting the discovery of an inhabited
country into conquest may appear; if the principle has been asserted in the
first instance, and afterwards sustained; if a country has been acquired and
held under it; if the property of the great mass of the community originates in
it, it becomes the law of the land, and cannot be questioned.  n22

  [*644]  In Johnson v. McIntosh, the Supreme Court denied Indian tribes full
title to their land. In his opinion for the Court, Chief Justice Marshall
presented a particular view of Indian land-use patterns as an excuse for the
limitations that the Court was imposing on Indian property rights.  n23 Chief
Justice Marshall's depiction of the Indian way of life bore little resemblance,
however, to the reality of Indian agriculture east of the Mississippi River.
Despite its inaccuracy, Chief Justice Marshall's view of Indian agriculture
played an important role in the Court's evisceration of tribal property rights.

   Part II.A analyzes Chief Justice Marshall's opinion in Johnson, the
inaccurate view of Indian society that it presented, and the effect of denying
the existence of Indian agriculture on tribal property rights. Focusing on three
groups with ties to the Johnson case - the Six Nations of the Iroquois
Confederacy of New York State, the Algonquian tribes of the Virginia tidewater,
and the tribes of what is today Illinois - Part II.B examines the historical
reality of Indian agriculture and Indian women's involvement in it in the
eastern half of the United States, and the property rights recognized in Indian
women because of their relationship with the land. This analysis demonstrates
that women's agricultural production was very important to these tribes and, in
some tribes, served as the basis for individual property rights for Indian
women. Moreover, this analysis also shows that even if the Justices of the
Supreme Court were unaware of, or unwilling to admit the existence of, Indian
agriculture, Indian agriculture and women's role in it had been reported by
white observers for over two hundred years prior to the Johnson decision.

   A. Johnson v. McIntosh: Ignoring Indian Women



The tribes of Indians inhabiting this country were fierce savages, whose
occupation was war, and whose subsistence was drawn chiefly from the forest.
n24


   1. The Johnson Decision: The Effects of "Discovery"

 In Johnson, the Supreme Court addressed a dispute between white litigants over
the ownership of land in Illinois.  n25 The plaintiffs'  [*645]  claim to the
land was based on grants made in 1773 and 1775 by the Illinois and Piankeshaw
Nations,  n26 who were acknowledged by all parties in the case to have been in
rightful possession of the land in question at the time of the grants  n27 and
to have inhabited it "from time immemorial."  n28 The defendants' claim was
based on a later conveyance in 1818 by the United States,  n29 which had
extracted land cessions from the tribes in the 1795 Treaty of Greenville.  n30
Thus, there were no Indian litigants in the case, and the Court did not consider
the relevant tribes' understanding of the grants at issue. As a result, no
Indian voices were heard in a case which had, and continues to have, profound
effects on Indian property rights.

   In his opinion for the Court, Chief Justice Marshall relied on a principle
adopted by European nations to avoid conflicting claims when lands became known
to Europeans for the first time. This principle held that "discovery [of land
unknown to Christian European peoples] gave title to the government by whose
subjects ... it was made, against all other European governments"  n31 and gave
the  [*646]  discovering nation "an exclusive right to extinguish the Indian
title of occupancy, either by purchase or by conquest."  n32 Under this
"Discovery Doctrine," Indians "were admitted to be the rightful occupants of the
soil ... but ... their power to dispose of the soil at their own will, to
whomever they pleased, was denied by the original fundamental principle, that
discovery gave exclusive title to those who made it."  n33 Because the
discovering nation had title to the land, it had the power to grant land still
occupied by Indians.  n34 The United States, which had succeeded to the rights
of Great Britain at the end of the Revolutionary War,  n35 had, Chief Justice
Marshall explained, accepted this principle.  n36 On the basis of the Discovery
Doctrine, the Court declined to recognize the validity of the plaintiffs'
earlier grants from the tribes.  n37

   Chief Justice Marshall's application of the Discovery Doctrine to Indian
tribes denied the tribes full legal title to their lands. The application of the
Doctrine, however, affected more than just tribal property rights; it also
eviscerated the tribes' ability to enter into foreign relations with other
nations. Under the Discovery Doctrine, in addition to gaining exclusive title to
land discovered by its citizens,  n38 the discovering nation also gained the
exclusive right to deal with the natives: "Those relations which were to exist
between the discoverer and the natives, were to be regulated by themselves. The
rights thus acquired being exclusive, no other power could interpose between
them."  n39 Thus, the Discovery Doctrine adversely  [*647]  affected both tribal
property rights and, by imposing limitations on the ability of tribes to enter
into relations with foreign nations, tribal sovereignty.  n40

   Chief Justice Marshall declined to discuss the justice of the Discovery
Doctrine and its application to Indian tribes, noting that "conquest gives a
title which the Courts of the conqueror cannot deny."  n41 Moreover, he
explained that treating the tribes as unable to transfer legal title was
indispensable to the system under which the country had been settled, and thus
could not be rejected by the courts  n42 no matter how much "this restriction
may be opposed to natural right, and to the usages of civilized nations."  n43
In addition to acknowledging the pragmatic nature of the Court's decision,
however, Chief Justice Marshall also maintained that the principles the Court
was applying "may ... find some excuse, if not justification, in the character
and habits of the people whose rights have been wrested from them."  n44 Chief
Justice Marshall described the Indians encountered by European settlers as
hunters and contrasted them with the "agriculturists, merchants, and
manufacturers" who sought to expel the Indians from the territory they
possessed.  n45 The Indians were "fierce savages, whose occupation was war, and
whose subsistence was drawn chiefly from the forest."  n46 Leaving them in
possession of their land "was to leave the country a wilderness,"  n47 a
proposition that Chief Justice Marshall apparently deemed unacceptable. As a
result, the "general rule" that the rights of "the conquered shall not be
wantonly oppressed" and thus "the rights of the conquered to property should
remain unimpaired" was not  [*648]  applicable to the Indians.  n48 According to
Chief Justice Marshall's rendition of Indian-white encounters, the Indians
obligingly "receded" as the white population advanced because "the country in
the immediate neighborhood of agriculturists became unfit for them."  n49 The
"ancient inhabitants of the soil" followed the fleeing game "into thicker and
more unbroken forests," leaving the soil vacant, and thus conveniently
available, for the Europeans who coveted it.  n50

   Chief Justice Marshall seemed to accept without reservation the defendants'
characterization of Indian land use and corresponding property rights: "The
North American Indians could have acquired no proprietary interest in the vast
tracts of territory which they wandered over; and their right to the land on
which they hunted, could not be considered as superior to that which is acquired
to the sea by fishing in it."  n51 Thus, Chief Justice Marshall used the
Indians' alleged divergence from European norms as a basis for denying their
property rights and sanctioning the United States's assertion of power over
them.  n52

   2.The Court's Ignorance (or Ignoring) of Indian Agriculture Chief Justice
Marshall maintained that the principle adopted by the Court in Johnson was
adapted to "the actual state of things,"  n53 yet  [*649]  his characterization
of the Indian way of life in fact misrepresented the actual state of Indian
agriculture. As depicted by Chief Justice Marshall, the Indians were warlike
hunters who relied on the forest for their subsistence.  n54 By deeming their
way of life incompatible with the activities of agriculturists,  n55 Chief
Justice Marshall implied that the Indians themselves did not farm, an
implication that he strengthened by contrasting the Indians with agriculturists,
merchants, and manufacturers.  n56

   In actuality, agriculture - in simple terms, "raising things on purpose"  n57
- has an extensive history in the Americas, where women may well have been the
first agriculturalists.  n58 At least seven thousand years before English
colonists founded Jamestown in Virginia,  n59 Indians in Central America and
Mexico tilled the soil and planted and harvested crops.  n60 Although it is not
certain when agriculture began in what is today the United States, Indians in
the Midwest and Northeast engaged in agriculture at least five thousand years
before the birth of Christ.  n61 Moreover, by 5000 B.C., Indians in present day
Illinois were cultivating squash, which was later combined with corn and beans
to form the basis of a complex system  [*650]  of agriculture.  n62 Apparently,
no representatives of the Illinois Indians, or of any other tribe, were present
when Johnson was decided to enlighten the Court on the reality of Indian
agriculture.

   Moreover, by emphasizing hunting and ignoring agriculture, Chief Justice
Marshall focused on work that, in many tribes, was traditionally done by men and
ignored Indian women and their work. As one scholar has noted, "At the time the
Europeans first arrived in North America, and for centuries after, Native
American women dominated agricultural production in the tribes of the eastern
half of the United States."  n63 For example, in the Six Nations of the Iroquois
Confederacy,  n64 the Algonquians of the Virginia tidewater,  n65 and the tribes
of Illinois,  n66 women were primarily responsible for tribal farming, and their
use of the land led to their holding important property rights in the land.  n67
Although Indian men provided some  [*651]  assistance to women in farming, their
principal contribution to many tribal economies resulted from hunting.  n68 By
emphasizing Indian men's work and ignoring Indian women's work, Chief Justice
Marshall depicted Indians as people whose property rights could be restricted
justifiably by the Europeans and their American successors on the grounds that
the Indians did not establish title to the land through settled agriculture but
instead left it a "wilderness."  n69

   Chief Justice Marshall's inaccurate description of the "actual state of
things" with respect to Indian agriculture raises the question of how much Chief
Justice Marshall and his fellow Justices really knew about Indian agriculture
and Indian women's agricultural activities at the time of the Europeans' arrival
in the New World. Chief Justice Marshall himself was raised in Virginia, whose
aboriginal inhabitants had farmed extensively.  n70 Early English observers,
such as Captain John Smith, commented on the agricultural practices of
Virginia's native people in published works.  n71 In fact, not long before Chief
Justice Marshall was born, books that accurately depicted at least some aspects
of the Indians' way of life had already been published in the United States. For
example, by the time of Chief Justice Marshall's birth in 1755,  n72 Cadwallader
Colden had published The History of the Five Indian Nations,  n73 which  [*652]
described the growing of corn by the tribes of the Iroquois Confederacy in New
York.  n74 Colden's book was even cited in the facts set out in Johnson; rather
than serving as evidence of Indian agriculture, Colden's book was cited by the
defendants in support of the proposition that the Indians remained in a state of
nature and lacked permanent property rights.  n75 Chief Justice Marshall, who
had little formal education,  n76 may not have been familiar with these sources.
As a young man, however, Chief Justice Marshall must have been familiar with the
continued existence of the Indians and with their conflicts with white men, both
from hearing about his father's experiences as a surveyor and tax collector in
the territory of Kentucky,  n77 whose settlers planned nearly annual raids to
destroy Shawnee cornfields along the Wabash River,  n78 and from his own
experiences as a Virginia state legislator. As a delegate to the Virginia
General Assembly, Chief Justice Marshall joined Patrick Henry in support of an
unsuccessful bill to encourage marriages between Virginians and Indians as a
means of resolving racial difficulties between them.  n79 Prominent
acquaintances of Chief Justice Marshall, including George Washington, under
whose command Chief Justice Marshall served during the Revolutionary War,  n80
certainly knew of the continuing existence of Indian agriculture.  n81

   Even if Chief Justice Marshall and his fellow Justices had been aware, at the
time Johnson was decided, that Indian women in many eastern tribes had engaged
in extensive agriculture for generations, this information might not have
altered their conclusion that the Indians' character and lifestyle excused the
application of the Discovery Doctrine and its restrictions on property rights.
The fact that farming was women's work might simply have been regarded as
evidence that farming did not make a significant contribution to the  [*653]
Indians' livelihood. In other words, the Court might have concluded that if such
work were important to the tribes, they would not have entrusted it primarily to
women.  n82 Thus, even tribes that farmed extensively could have been described
as hunters "whose subsistence was drawn chiefly from the forest,"  n83 as long
as the farming was chiefly women's work. Regardless of whether Chief Justice
Marshall and his colleagues failed to mention Indian farming because they were
ignorant of its existence, or discounted it because it was considered largely
women's work by many tribes and therefore had to be unimportant, the
characterization of the Indian way of life that Chief Justice Marshall used to
excuse the Court's newly created restrictions on Indian property rights was
inaccurate with respect to most eastern tribes.  n84

   3. The Emasculation of Indian Property Rights Although the Johnson Court
ignored Indian women and the property rights they derived from agricultural
activity, the principles that the Court applied to restrict Indian property
rights echoed the U.S. legal system's treatment of married women and their
property rights generally at the time. The common law marital property system in
force in most of the United States at the time  n85 provided that married women
had very limited rights with respect to the control and alienation of property.
Under the doctrine of coverture, adopted from English common law, a married
woman was (in the  [*654]  English legal system's garbled version of French)
considered a feme covert, that is, with no legal existence separate from her
husband.  n86 Although a married woman could still hold title to real property,
she generally could not exercise the powers associated with its ownership and
was considered dependent on her husband for support, maintenance, and
protection.  n87 A husband had the right to control his wife's real property, a
right that was alienable by the husband.  n88 It was not until the end of the
nineteenth century that all common law property states adopted statutes that
removed the disabilities imposed by the coverture doctrine and gave married
women legal control over all of their property.  n89

   Under the theory of Indian property rights adopted in Johnson, Indian tribes
were also subject to significant restrictions on their property rights. Like
femes coverts, they were recognized as holding title to their land, although it
was a special kind of title that Chief Justice Marshall referred to as "title of
occupancy"  n90 and which the Court has subsequently referred to as "aboriginal
title"  n91 or "original Indian title."  n92 The Indians' ownership rights were
restricted, and  [*655]  they were deemed legally incompetent to alienate their
land to whomever they pleased.  n93 In the 1830s, Chief Justice Marshall
indicated in his opinions for the Court in Cherokee Nation v. Georgia  n94 and
Worcester v. Georgia  n95 that the federal government assumed a paternalistic,
guardianship role with respect to the Indians and their land.  n96 Like married
women, who were treated as under the ""wing, protection, and cover'" of their
husbands,  n97 the Indians were under the protection of the United States.  n98
Unlike the restrictions on married women's property rights, however, the
restrictions on Indian property rights have not been removed, and federal law
continues to provide that tribes generally cannot alienate their lands without
federal government approval.  n99 Furthermore, the federal government continues
to have extensive involvement in the use and management of tribal lands through
a number of statutory provisions, such as statutes requiring federal approval
for leasing tribal lands for mining  n100 or for other purposes.  n101

    [*656]  Thus, in Johnson v. McIntosh, the Supreme Court, while ignoring the
agricultural activities and property rights of Indian women, subjected Indian
tribes and Indian property rights to a system of paternalistic restrictions
resembling the restrictions that American law had placed on married women and
their property rights. Although the restrictions on married women's property
rights have been abandoned, the restrictions imposed on Indian property rights
in Johnson continue to affect Indian tribes and their land.

   B. The Actual State of Things: Indian Women as Farmers and Holders of
Property Rights



 "You ought to hear & listen to what we women shall speak ... for we are the
owners of this land & it is ours."  n102

 On the land east of the Mississippi River - where the vast majority of
Americans lived in 1823 - Indians had engaged in settled agricultural activity
for many generations, and Indian women played the primary role in this activity.
Numerous tribes recognized women as holding important rights with respect to
tribal land and as owning their family's home. The nature of Indian agriculture,
women's agricultural activity, and the property rights of Indian women in the
Six Nations of the Iroquois Confederacy, the Algonquians of the Virginia
tidewater, and the tribes of Illinois are examined in turn below.

   1. The Iroquois Confederacy



Nothing, is more real, however, than the women's superiority. It is they who
really maintain the tribe, the  [*657]  nobility of the blood, the genealogical
tree, the order of generations and conservation of the families. In them resides
all the real authority: the lands, fields and all their harvest belong to them
...  n103

 The Iroquois Confederacy of central and western New York originally consisted
of five tribes (the "Five Nations")  n104 who united politically and socially in
the fifteenth century.  n105 These tribes were later joined by the Tuscaroras,
who sought refuge with the Five Nations after being driven out of North Carolina
by white colonists.  n106 The Five Nations formally adopted the Tuscaroras in
the early eighteenth century, thus expanding the Confederacy to encompass the
"Six Nations."  n107

   The Iroquois occupied villages and cleared the land around them to plant
crops.  n108 The size of the Iroquois fields varied from ten acres to several
hundred acres, depending on the size of the community.  n109 Although Iroquois
men cleared the land for planting,  n110 the bulk of  [*658]  the work involved
in agriculture - planting, cultivating, and harvesting - was done by women,
n111 who were also in charge of processing and storing agricultural products.
n112 Men contributed to the Iroquois diet by hunting and fishing.  n113 Women
planted many varieties of corn, beans, and squash, which were referred to as the
"Three Sisters" and were accorded spiritual significance.  n114 These staples
were supplemented by other crops grown by women, such as melons, and by other
foods gathered by women, such as berries, nuts, mushrooms, and sap for maple
syrup.  n115 Women's labor provided the major portion of Iroquois subsistence
n116 and ensured that the Iroquois had a varied, nutritious, and dependable diet
that was far superior to the diet typical of Europeans before their initial
contact with Indians.  n117

   Iroquois women developed organic agricultural methods that were efficient and
provided high yields.  n118 Corn, beans, and squash were planted together in
mounds. The corn stalks provided support for the growing beans, which in turn
sheltered lower plants, collected rain,  n119 and slowed nitrogen exhaustion in
the soil.  n120 The women  [*659]  reduced erosion and soil leaching by planting
in the hollows left by the previous year's cornstalks.  n121

   Early European observers took note of the Iroquois's extensive agricultural
activities and of Iroquois women's role in tribal agriculture. For example,
French soldiers, engaged in a 1666 campaign against the Onondagas, described
cornfields extending for two miles on either side of the Iroquois town, and
soldiers engaged in a 1687 campaign against the Senecas reported finding and
destroying 1,200,000 bushels of standing and stored corn in four Seneca
villages.  n122 In his four-volume study of Indians, the early
eighteenth-century Jesuit missionary Father Joseph-Francois Lafitau included an
illustration of Iroquois agricultural activities that showed women working in
the fields and collecting sap from trees.  n123 Lafitau's work was published in
1724,  n124 almost a century before Johnson v. McIntosh was decided. Mary
Jemison, a white woman who was adopted into the Seneca Nation in the eighteenth
century, directly experienced the agricultural activities of Iroquois women by
working with her adoptive Seneca relatives in their fields.  n125 Cadwallader
Colden, who published the first English account of the Iroquois political system
in 1727,  n126 observed that Iroquois women "perform all the Drudgery about
their Houses, [and] they plant their Corn, and labour it, in every Respect."
n127 Even closer to the time of the Johnson decision, General George Washington
timed a 1779 attack on the Iroquois on the basis of their agricultural
activities, noting the importance of destroying Iroquois crops at a time when it
would be too late in the season to replant them.  n128 Evidently not all whites
were as blind to the existence of Indian agriculture as Chief Justice Marshall
and his colleagues appear to have been.

    [*660]  The Iroquois regarded land as belonging to the community  n129 and
to both present and future generations.  n130 Individual property rights with
respect to particular land were based on continuous use, rather than on the idea
of transferable title that is central to land ownership in the Western legal
tradition.  n131 In other words, "the [individual property] right was a right to
use, not to transfer in the market place."  n132 Because of the focus on use as
the basis of individual property rights, Iroquois men did not have individual
property rights in the fields that they had cleared because they did not use
them.  n133 Instead, Iroquois society recognized the women - who, as members of
a clan or as individuals,  n134 used the land by planting, tending, and
harvesting crops - as having property rights in the land.  n135 The right to use
the land could be passed on to the next generation.  n136 Because property
rights are developed by each society to suit its own particular needs,  n137 the
Iroquois did not recognize  [*661]  individuals as holding the same property
rights with respect to the land that the Western legal system recognizes as
accompanying land "ownership,"  n138 such as the right of alienation.  n139 For
the Iroquois, land ownership, in the sense of absolute title to land, was not a
meaningful concept until whites sought to buy Iroquois land.  n140 Those
individual property rights with respect to land that Iroquois society did
recognize, such as the right to control its use and the disposition of the crops
produced from it,  n141 however, were held by women. Thus, in the Iroquois
Confederacy, the land on which the Iroquois depended for sustenance in effect
"belonged" to women, leading some observers to report that Iroquois women were
the "owners" of the land.  n142

   Although the Iroquois presumably developed their theory of individual
property rights in land to suit their own particular needs and attitudes toward
the land, their theory appears strikingly similar to some of the key elements of
the labor theory of private property rights developed by John Locke. In his
Second Treatise of Government,  n143 first published in 1689, Locke emphasized
labor on the land as the basis for private property rights in it. Each man (to
use Locke's terminology) "has property in his own person" and the "labour of his
body, and the work of his hands,... are properly his."  n144 When a man mixes
his labor with the land by changing it from its natural state, he has "joined to
... [the land] something that is his own, and thereby makes it his property."
n145 In other words, "as much land as a man tills, plants, improves, cultivates,
and can use the product of, so much is his property. He by his labour does, as
it were, inclose it from the common."  n146

    [*662]  The acts Locke identified as forming the basis for property rights
were the very acts that Iroquois women had performed for generations and that
Iroquois society recognized as creating certain property rights in a particular
plot of land. Locke's Second Treatise was even cited by the defendants in the
Johnson opinion,  n147 but because the Court did not acknowledge that Indians
engaged in such activities,  n148 these activities could not provide a basis for
recognition of Indians' absolute title to their lands.

   Locke in fact shared the Johnson Court's misunderstanding of the Indian way
of life, viewing all Indians as roving hunters rather than farmers. In his
discussion of property rights in the Second Treatise, he referred to "the wild
Indian, who knows no inclosure, and is still a tenant in common."  n149 Locke
also described Indians' supposed failure to improve the land by labor:



   [There are] several nations of Americans ... who are rich in land, and poor
in all the comforts of life; whom nature having furnished as liberally as any
other people, with the materials of plenty, i.e., a fruitful soil, apt to
produce in abundance, what might serve for food, raiment, and delight; yet for
want of improving it by labour, have not one hundredth part of the conveniencies
we enjoy: and a king of a large and fruitful territory, there feeds, lodges, and
is clad worse than a day-labourer in England.  n150

 Locke's reliance on this erroneous view of Indians allowed him to refer to
"in-land, vacant places of America";  n151 such places were "vacant" because of
the presumed failure of the inhabitants to cultivate the land. Thus Locke, like
the Johnson Court, relied on a mischaracterization of Indian land use to deny
that Indians held the full property rights in land ordinarily enjoyed by
non-Indians under  [*663]  the labor theory of property rights.

   Iroquois women's land-use patterns also bring to mind the possession or
occupancy theory, another theory developed by the common law to justify private
property rights in land.  n152 Under this theory, possession or occupancy is the
basis for title.  n153 In order to gain title, a possessor must engage in acts
that demonstrate appropriation of the land for individual use.  n154 Through
their extensive farming activities, Iroquois women demonstrated their physical
possession of the land prior to the arrival of Europeans. By ignoring Indian
women's farming and treating all Indians as roving hunters, the Johnson Court
ignored this possession as a basis for recognizing absolute tribal title to the
land.  n155

   In the Iroquois Confederacy, women's property rights were not limited to
rights in agricultural lands; they also enjoyed property rights in their homes.
The traditional home of the Iroquois was the longhouse, a multifamily dwelling
formed by covering a framework of poles with sheets of bark.  n156 Because the
Iroquois followed a matrilineal kinship system and a matrilocal residence
pattern,  n157 the Iroquois household was composed of a number of related women
with their husbands and children.  n158 Within each longhouse, the women of the
lineage's eldest living generation, the "matrons," were dominant figures.  n159
Although Iroquois men constructed the longhouses, they performed this work on
behalf of the women who  [*664]  owned the houses.  n160 The longhouse was
conceived of as both the physical and the figurative dwelling place of the
Iroquois, who referred to themselves as the "people of the longhouse" and
envisioned the Iroquois Confederacy as a longhouse divided into geographical
compartments, each occupied by one of the Iroquois tribes.  n161 The Iroquois
saw their ties of kinship, traced through women, as binding them together both
in the longhouses in which they dwelled and in the longhouse that symbolized the
Confederacy.  n162 As was the case with cultivated land, because the longhouses
were used more by women, they were regarded as the property of women,  n163 who
controlled access to them.  n164

   In sum, agriculture, which was primarily the work of women, played a crucial
role in the Iroquois tribal economy. Because of their intensive use of the land,
Iroquois women held important property rights, including the right to control
the land and the crops produced upon it. Women also held property rights in the
longhouses, the traditional Iroquois dwelling places. Thus, where both land and
houses were concerned, Iroquois society regarded women as the holders of the
most important individual property rights. The Johnson Court's approach to
Indian property rights ignored the extensive property rights to which Iroquois
women were entitled, both under the Iroquois theory of property rights and under
the labor and possession theories developed under the English legal system
inherited by the United States.

   2.The Virginia Algonquians

 "The men bestowe their times in fishing, hunting, wars and such manlike
exercises ... [while the] women and children do the rest of the worke."  n165

  [*665]  The Virginia Algonquians lived in the tidewater region of what is
today the State of Virginia.  n166 Although Spanish explorers may have been the
first Europeans to have contact with them,  n167 the first detailed accounts of
the people of the tidewater region were written by Captain John Smith and other
Englishmen from the colony of Jamestown.  n168 When the Jamestown colonists
arrived in 1607,  n169 most of the tribes of the area  n170 were part of a
larger chiefdom governed by Powhatan as the paramount chief.  n171

   In the seventeenth century, the Virginia Algonquians resided in villages of
varying sizes,  n172 which were generally located near rivers and marshlands and
in close proximity to land suitable for agriculture.  n173 The houses resembled
the longhouses of the  [*666]  Iroquois  n174 and, in many villages, were
located some distance from each other, surrounded by their agricultural fields.
n175

   Early English accounts of Virginia are filled with references to Indian
fields along the rivers.  n176 John Smith described the preparation of the
fields for planting corn, referring to it as "the greatest labor they take."
n177 New fields were prepared for planting by first girdling and burning trees,
and then cutting down some trees while leaving others standing.  n178 Smith
described how the remaining trees protected the corn from the wind and the heat
of the sun.  n179

   Smith also reported the role women played in agriculture, describing how they
planted corn together with beans  n180 or pumpkins.  n181 The women hoed the
crops regularly during the growing season to retard weed growth.  n182 Women's
farming played a crucial role in sustaining the life of the Virginia Algonquians
because of the importance of agricultural products in their diet. Corn alone
contributed at least fifty percent to their yearly subsistence, and they
consumed it in various forms during most of the year.  n183

    [*667]  The Jamestown colonists demonstrated their appreciation of the
Algonquian women's agricultural methods and products in a number of ways. The
colonists traded copper and other items for the corn the women produced.  n184
After the Algonquians raised corn prices, perhaps in response to the devaluation
of copper, the colonists began to take corn by force.  n185 The colonists also
adopted the Algonquian women's agricultural methods after finding that the
shortage of draft animals and farm laborers made English farming methods
impractical.  n186 The colonists were also eager to appropriate the fields
worked by Algonquian women and welcomed Indian rebellions as an excuse to seize
land.  n187 Demand for Indian land grew as the colonists switched the focus of
their farming from the food products grown by Indian women to tobacco.  n188 As
the colonists increased in numbers, disputes over property ownership, hunting
rights, and destruction of Indian crops by the colonists' livestock increased as
well.  n189 Increasing numbers of Algonquians were forced to move to make way
for the colonists' tobacco farming.  n190 As the Algonquians did so, they left
the colonists to enjoy the cleared land that Algonquian women had worked for
generations.  n191

    [*668]  In sum, the Virginia Algonquian women, like the women of the
Iroquois Confederacy, were the chief agriculturalists of their tribe, and the
products of their labor played a crucial role in the tribal economy. Thus, in
Chief Justice Marshall's native State of Virginia, agriculture carried out by
Indian women and reported by white observers existed long before the decision in
Johnson v. McIntosh.

   3.The Illinois Indians

"[They are] naturally industrious, and devote themselves to the cultivation of
the soil... Indian corn ... [is] to them what bread is to Frenchmen."  n192

 The Illinois Indians were a group of tribes, numbering as many as twelve, who
shared a language and a tradition of common origin.  n193 The tribes that
persisted the longest were the Cahokia, Kaskaskia, and Peoria,  n194 as well as
the Michigamea and Tamaroa tribes, which were later absorbed into the Kaskaskia.
n195 When Europeans first visited their territory in 1673, the Illinois Indians
were concentrated along the Mississippi River between modern day Arkansas and
Iowa.  n196

   Agriculture has a long history in the aboriginal territory of the Illinois
tribes. By 5000 B.C., Indians there were cultivating squash, which was later
combined with corn and beans to form the basis of a complex system of
agriculture.  n197 Like the Iroquois, the Illinois  [*669]  combined agriculture
with hunting and fishing.  n198 Hunting and fishing were primarily the work of
men, while agriculture was primarily the work of women.  n199 Corn was the main
crop  n200 and provided sustenance on a year-round basis.  n201
Seventeenth-century European observers provided accounts of how the women
gathered the corn crop, husked and dried the ears, threshed the ears by beating
them with sticks,  n202 and then stored the corn in large storage pits.  n203
Although the cultivated lands were seen as belonging to the tribe as a whole and
as inalienable, women were regarded as having property rights in the crops they
grew and controlling the game that men brought back from hunting expeditions;
men's property rights were limited to their own weapons and clothing.  n204

   Women were also in charge of the construction and care of the dwelling
houses, which were oblong cabins constructed by covering frameworks of bent
saplings with mats woven from rushes.  n205 These structures, which were large
enough to house from six to twelve  [*670]  families,  n206 resembled the
longhouses of the Iroquois.  n207

   In sum, the Illinois tribes, like the tribes of the Iroquois Confederacy and
the Virginia Algonquians, traditionally practiced settled agriculture that was
largely carried on by women. Thus, the depiction of the Indian way of life in
Johnson v. McIntosh  n208 was inaccurate with respect to the very tribes whose
land conveyances were at issue and whose power to transfer rights in the land
farmed by them for generations was denied by the Court. Moreover, this denial
had its greatest impact on Indian women, who were recognized by their tribes,
and logically should have been recognized under the labor and possession
theories of property rights, as holders of individual property rights by virtue
of their agricultural activities.

   III. From Farmers to Farm Wives: The Allotment Program and the Domestication
of Indian Women



The American people deeply sympathize with the landless agriculturists of
Ireland ... If these people, with the advantages of a thousand years of
enlightened culture, are unable to live and prosper without an ownership in the
soil, how can we expect that a race, many of whom are just emerging from
barbarism, degraded by centuries of gross ignorance and superstition, unaided by
the humane influences of civilization, can prosper under like disadvantages.
n209

 In Johnson v. McIntosh, the Supreme Court ignored centuries of Indian
agriculture, carried on in many tribes by women, and deprived Indian tribes of
full legal title to their lands. The Court imposed on Indians, without their
participation or consent, a legal doctrine that Europeans had developed to usurp
title to land from non-Christian peoples who occupied it.  n210 In effect, the
Court absorbed Indian lands into the United States's system of land ownership by
recognizing individual ownership of the lands and by granting the United States
legal title to Indian lands. The right to occupy the land, however, remained
with the tribes under Johnson, until  [*671]  extinguished by the United States
by purchase or conquest.  n211 The Court left the manner in which the tribes
used the land they occupied, either communally or individually, to their
discretion.  n212

   Once the Johnson Court had recognized the United States's authority to end
the Indian right of occupancy, by purchase or by conquest,  n213 the government
grew more eager to exercise this authority. Later in the nineteenth century, the
government became increasingly interested in controlling how Indians held and
used the land they occupied and in reducing the quantity of this land in order
to free up more land for white settlement.  n214 Moreover, the government became
increasingly interested in destroying Indian culture and assimilating Indians
into the Euro-American way of life, including the Euro-American way of owning
and using land.  n215 As one Commissioner of Indian Affairs (the "Commissioner")
put it, the "final achievement" would be "the complete extinguishment of the
Indian race by its absorption into the body politic of the country."  n216

   In keeping with these goals, the federal government began a concerted effort
to assimilate the Indians by, among other actions, providing them with
individual title to land. The key piece of federal legislation, the General
Allotment Act of 1887 (or "Dawes Act"),  n217 and accompanying government
programs, sought to transform Indian men into farmers and Indian women into
model farm wives. The government regarded the replacement of tribal land holding
with individual ownership of land as essential to assimilation.  n218 Land on
many reservations was divided up and allotted to individual Indians, initially
with preferential treatment for Indian men as presumed heads of households. The
preference for men as landowners reflected contemporary Euro-American attitudes
towards women  [*672]  and property, but ignored the fact that women
traditionally held the most important individual property rights regarding land
in many tribes. In addition, government agents provided farming supplies and
training to Indian men, despite the fact that in many tribes' traditional
divisions of labor, agriculture was women's work. Government officials and
others viewed agricultural labor as inappropriate work for women and believed
that women's prominent roles in tribal agriculture demonstrated Indian men's
idleness and Indian women's virtual enslavement. White women were hired as
"field matrons" to teach Indian women to perform the role that Euro-American
society deemed appropriate for their gender. The goal of government policy
makers was the transformation of Indian families into self-sufficient farm
families, based on a gendered division of labor that policy makers
unquestioningly accepted as essential to civilization.

   This Part of the Article examines the government's efforts to transform
Indians in general, and Indian women in particular, through the allotment of
Indian lands and accompanying government programs. Part III.A discusses the
enactment and implementation of the Dawes Act, Indian reactions to the Act, and
the treatment of Indian men under the allotment program. Part III.B discusses
how the allotment program treated Indian women and their property rights. Part
III.C discusses the field matron program and the role it was intended to play in
the effort to transform Indian women into model farm wives.

   A. The Dawes Act and the Launching of the Allotment Program



"They have got as far as they can go, because they own their land in common...
There is no enterprise to make your home any better than that of your neighbors.
There is no selfishness, which is at the bottom of civilization. Till this
people will consent to give up their lands, and divide them among their citizens
so that each can own the land he cultivates, they will not make much more
progress."  n219

  [*673]  Although the government had made some allotments of land to individual
Indians prior to 1887,  n220 the Dawes Act established the first general
government program for the division of reservation land into individual
allotments. Rather than providing an equal allotment to each inhabitant of a
reservation and determining the allotments' size by dividing up the
reservation's total acreage among all allottees, the Act limited both the
identity of the allotments' recipients and the size of the allotments. After the
President determined that a particular reservation should be allotted, the Act
provided an allotment of 160 acres for each head of a family, 80 acres for each
single person over age eighteen and each orphan under age eighteen, and 40 acres
for each other single person under age eighteen.  n221 A patent would be issued
in the name of each allottee, declaring that the allottee's land was being held
in trust by the government for 25 years, during which time any conveyances or
contracts with respect to the land would be null and void.  n222 Citizenship
would be conferred upon the allottees  [*674]  when the trust period expired and
they had received patents in fee.  n223 After lands were allotted to all
eligible members of a tribe, the government could negotiate with the tribe for
the purchase of unallotted lands, for the purpose of conveying such "surplus"
lands to settlers.  n224 Indian tribes thus lost, without their consent, the
right to make use of these lands or simply to retain them for future use by the
tribe and its members.  n225 In practice, specific reservations were selected
for allotment in response to white pressure for Indian lands in particular
areas.  n226

   A number of different motivations led to the enactment of the Dawes Act. Most
government officials and self-proclaimed "friends of the Indian" viewed
allotment as an important step in the civilization of the Indians and their
assimilation into Euro-American society.  n227 They believed that individual
ownership of land was one of the most effective mechanisms of the civilization
process.  n228 The  [*675]  Commissioner of Indian Affairs (the "Commissioner")
expressed this sentiment in his 1887 annual report, noting that the "homestead
to-day is the greatest bulwark of American progress and liberty."  n229
Reservation agents voiced similar views; one of them, for example, explained in
his 1889 report to the Commissioner that an Indian's "perfect and secure title"
to his possessions would "alone imbue his mind with ideas of true civilization,"
n230 while another described accumulation of property as "the chief fundamental
foundation of the structure of our civilization."  n231 For allotment
proponents, tribal land holding was fundamentally inconsistent with civilization
n232 and led to laziness. The Commissioner explained in 1888 that "the degrading
communism of the tribal-reservation system gives to the individual no incentive
to labor, but puts a premium upon idleness and makes it fashionable. Under this
system, the laziest man owns as much as the most industrious man."  n233
Allotment was to replace the Indian's "communism" with selfishness: "He must be
imbued with the exalting egotism of American civilization, so that he will say
"I' instead of "We,' and "This is mine,' instead of "This is ours.'"  n234
[*676]  Allotment was also intended to alter the nature of the Indian family
n235 and was linked to the conversion of the Indians to Christianity.  n236

   The supporters of allotment also argued that individual ownership would
provide the Indians with greater security in their land,  n237 particularly as
against whites who were interested in settling on tribal land that they
considered unused.  n238 Of course, this security would not extend to the land
that was taken from the tribes for conveyance to settlers, but many allotment
supporters believed that it was better to provide "security" for some land
through allotment rather than run the risk of the Indians losing even more as a
result of white demands for land.  n239 As one prominent group, the Indian
Rights Association, noted, ""The friends of the new law think half a loaf better
than no bread, even for Indians.'"  n240

   While many "friends of the Indian" supported the Dawes Act because of its
supposed benefits for Indians, other supporters had less philanthropic
motivations. Demand for Indian lands by railroads, mining and lumber interests,
and would-be settlers - both native-born Americans and an ever-increasing number
of European immigrants - provided perhaps the most powerful motivation for
supporting the Act.  n241 Some allotment opponents identified taking [*677]
Indian lands as the real aim of the allotment program and viewed any claimed
benefits as mere pretexts.  n242 This interpretation seems particularly
perceptive in light of the large-scale loss of Indian land that ultimately
resulted from the allotment program.  n243 Many allotment supporters, however,
would have considered this land loss entirely appropriate where, in their view,
Indians were not making use of the land or its natural resources, "which should
be developed in the interests of civilization."  n244

   Government officials and other observers reported varying Indian reactions to
allotment. The Commissioner's official policy was to regard the Indians as eager
for allotment,  n245 and some reservation agents reported Indian demands for
allotment, both before and after the enactment of the Dawes Act.  n246 Although
some of the claimed Indian enthusiasm for, or at least acceptance of, allotment
might have been attributable to reservation agents' wishful thinking  n247 or
high pressure tactics,  n248 some Indians may have had a genuine desire for
allotment, hoping that patents in fee would finally protect them from white
incursions.  n249 As one Omaha Tribe member who reportedly asked for an
allotment explained, """The road our fathers walked is gone, the game is gone,
the white people are all about us... We want titles to our lands that the land
may be secure  [*678]  to our children."'"  n250

   Other Indians expressed opposition to allotment, often on the basis of
allotment's interference with their existing tribal land-use system.  n251 For
most Indians, individual ownership of land was fundamentally inconsistent with
their sense of community and contrary to important religious principles related
to land.  n252 For example, in explaining the Nez Perces' opposition to
allotment, one chief remarked, """They asked us to divide the land, to divide
our mother ... upon whose lap we had been reared."'"  n253 From this
perspective, attaching property concepts to the earth was sacrilegious.  n254

   After the allotment program was launched, some agents reported success,  n255
while others reported vigorous Indian resistance that continued into the
twentieth century.  n256 Some Indian opponents  [*679]  of allotment were
concerned that allotment would eventually result in the loss of their land  n257
and expressed fear of white economic and cultural penetration, which would
undermine tribal solidarity and traditional ways of life.  n258 Reservation
agents tried to discount the opponents of the allotment program by labeling them
"conservatives" and blaming some opposition on old chiefs who feared losing
their authority; agents also referred to supporters of allotment as
"progressives."  n259 The Commissioner expected that on some reservations a
majority of the Indians would oppose allotment because the Indians "were loath
to give up their savage customs, and view with suspicion any innovation upon
their nomadic mode of life."  n260 The "more advanced and better-informed
Indians," the Commissioner claimed, "hailed the act as the dawn of their
emancipation from the bonds of barbarism."  n261 The Commissioner attributed
continuing tribal opposition to "personal and selfish motives" and blamed
influential "squaw men and half-breeds, whose chief interest in the Indian is to
drive sharp bargains with him and to make money out of his ignorance,
unsuspecting confidence, and characteristic liberality and hospitality" for some
of the opposition.  n262 The Commissioner also blamed some Indian opposition on
white citizens who were opposed to the Act; their criticism tended "only to
disquiet the more ignorant class of Indians."  n263

   Ultimately, Indian attitudes toward allotment were irrelevant because the
government was determined to proceed with the allotment program despite Indian
opposition. In 1888, one reservation agent succinctly described the government's
attitude: ""There must be no yielding to Indian whims nor compromise to gratify
Indian caprice, at the sacrifice of law and good  [*680]  government.'"  n264
The "red man" was expected to give up his "whims" and ultimately appreciate the
benefits of allotment:



   When once he is located on his homestead and is brought to realize the
dignity as well as the responsibility of his new position and relations, all
opposition to this benign measure will disappear, and his heart will swell with
gratitude to the Government for the blessings and opportunities thereby
conferred upon him.  n265

 The government's enthusiasm for allotment is evidenced by the speed with which
allotments were approved. From 1887 through 1900, the government approved over
53,000 allotments covering nearly 5,000,000 acres.  n266 In 1900, the government
claimed that 10,835 Indian families were living on and cultivating allotted
lands and that Indians cultivated 343,351 acres during that year.  n267 At the
same time, the program resulted in a considerable decline in the total acreage
of Indian land. For example, Indian land totaling 155,632,312 acres in 1881
dropped to 104,314,349 acres by 1890, and by 1900 only 77,865,373 acres
remained, reflecting losses of land that were so substantial that the Dawes Act
was eventually recognized as a failure and, in 1934, further allotments were
prohibited.  n268

   In addition to imposing individual land ownership on Indians, the government
also sought to impose particular land uses on Indian men. Indian men were
expected to become independent, self-sufficient farmers,  n269 despite the fact
that most American farmers had already abandoned this model of farming as
outdated.  n270 Moreover, the government was determined to make Indian men crop
farmers, even on land that reservation agents indicated was unsuitable for
raising crops and was, in some cases, better suited to livestock raising.  n271
Although government officials were aware of Indian women's traditional role in
agriculture, they believed that this role was evidence of Indian men's idleness
and Indian women's degraded status as "squaw drudges" - the downtrodden and
overburdened victims of the men of their tribes.  n272 For example, in his 1888
report, the Commissioner wrote that the Indian male must be taught "how to
work;" the report also provided the government's view of a typical Indian man's
attitude toward his wife and agricultural work:



    "His squaw was his slave. With no more affection than a coyote feels for its
mate, he brought her to his wigwam that she might gratify the basest of his
passions and minister to his wants. It was Starlight or Cooing Dove that brought
the wood for his fire and the water for his drink, that plowed the field and
sowed the maize."  n273

  [*682]  This alleged attitude on the part of Indian men was to be replaced
with an understanding of the proper division of labor between men and women.
Indian men were induced to become farmers, regardless of whether they saw this
as "women's work."  n274

   Government officials had to have known that providing comprehensive,
widespread training in agriculture to adult male Indians would better enable
them to succeed in their new role as farmers. Rather than establishing a
comprehensive plan for agricultural education, however, the government took a
more piecemeal approach. Appropriations were made from time to time for whites
to be employed on reservations as "farmers in residence" to superintend and
direct Indian farming.  n275 Whites who lived on or near reservations were also
expected to serve as examples of successful farmers whom Indian men could
emulate,  n276 although it is difficult to imagine that these white farmers, at
least some of whom presumably coveted Indian land, would have been enthusiastic
about providing free farming advice to Indians.

   The appropriations for hiring farmers in residence were never adequate to
provide widespread or effective agricultural training.  n277 Moreover, because
of the political appointment system that was used to select the farmers, some
were appointed on the basis of their political connections despite their
possible lack of farming ability.  n278 Indian farming was also hampered by the
government's failure to  [*683]  provide adequate amounts of seeds, farming
implements, and other equipment needed for farming.  n279 Moreover, the Indians'
inability to borrow from white lenders left them unable to obtain their own
capital to purchase needed supplies.  n280 In short, the assistance that the
government provided to Indians was woefully inadequate in light of the goal of
turning them into independent, self-sufficient farmers. The limited assistance
that did exist was provided to Indian men, rather than to the women who
traditionally had played the role of farmers in many tribes and who thus might
have been in the best position to benefit from such assistance.

   B. The Allotment Program and Indian Women



Under the rule upon which a family is constructed among civilized nations ...
the father is the head of the family. When a man marries, his wife separates
herself from her family and kindred and takes up her abode with her husband,
assumes his name, and becomes subordinate, in a sense, to him.  n281

 For Indian women, the Dawes Act meant that control of land - the most valuable
asset of their tribe and the primary resource for earning a livelihood - was to
be concentrated in the hands of men. Although female minors and single women
were entitled to allotments under the Dawes Act, married women were not entitled
to their own allotments.  n282 Their husbands alone were given allotments as
presumed "heads of families" and in this capacity received the largest
allotments available under the Act.  n283 Thus, married women's  [*684]
relationship with and access to the land were henceforth to be indirect, with
women made dependent on their husbands' labor on the land for their survival and
that of their children.

   The fact that married women were not given their own allotments is not
surprising, given the transformation of the structure of the Indian family that
was intended to accompany the allotment program. The extended family structure,
with its elaborate kinship networks,  n284 and the communal family life enjoyed
by the members of most tribes  n285 were to be replaced by nuclear families,
each consisting of a man, his wife, and their minor children.  n286 The man, as
head of the family, was expected to support the family economically, own the
bulk of the family property, and make major economic decisions for the family.
n287 In 1892, the Commissioner reported that in many Indian tribes, the wife was
recognized as the head of the family and inheritance was through the female
line, while "among civilized nations" families were headed by men, inheritance
passed through the male line, and women assumed their husbands' names and became
subordinate to them.  n288 Former Supreme Court Justice William Strong, who
opposed allotments for married women, expressed similar sentiments in an 1885
speech: "I want the Indians brought together in families. There can never be any
civilization without families. I would have the head of the family have the
land, and have it descend to his wife and children."  n289 The government also
sought to stamp out polygamy, encourage legal marriages between Indians, and
curb the rate of divorce among Indians, whose marriages were seen as deplorably
"loose."  n290

    [*685]  Government officials eventually acknowledged that the Dawes Act's
failure to give married women their own allotments was a mistake, although their
concern was based on problems that arose when divorces occurred,  n291 rather
than on the general unfairness of the Act to married women. In his 1889 annual
report, the Commissioner described Indian demands for allotments to all
individuals, including married women, as "just and equitable."  n292 He
explained:



    The looseness of the marriage relation among many of the tribes often
renders it difficult to determine the exact status of the women, and there is
danger that many who are living as wives at the time allotments are made will be
discarded and thus be landless, while their husbands, having the maximum
quantity of land, will take as wives other women who have land.  n293

 The Commissioner reasoned that because the reservation was the common property
of the tribe, each member of the tribe should receive an equal share of the land
when it was divided.  n294

   In response to these concerns, Congress amended the Dawes Act in 1891 to
provide for an equalized distribution of land among all tribal members on
reservations being allotted.  n295 By this time, however, substantial amounts of
tribal land had already been  [*686]  allotted.  n296 Although the 1891
amendment allowed married women to receive their own allotments, this allowance
was no guarantee that these women would in fact be treated equally. For example,
when the Round Valley Reservation was allotted and the number of allottees
exceeded the number of available allotments, married women were given allotments
that were half the size of the allotments given to other allottees.  n297

   Moreover, it became clear that even if married women did receive their own
allotments, the government assumed that women were not competent to make use of
the allotments themselves. The 1891 amendment allowed for the leasing, at the
discretion of the Secretary of the Interior, of allotments of Indians who "by
reason of age or other disability" could not utilize their land.  n298 When the
Commissioner issued leasing rules, the term "other disability" was interpreted
to include all unmarried women, married women whose husbands or sons were unable
to farm, and widows who lacked able-bodied sons.  n299 Thus, women were
considered inherently "disabled" by their sex, unless they had husbands or sons
to do the farming work that women were presumed incapable of performing
themselves. Some agents even identified the fact that the leasing program "took
care of ... women" as one of the benefits of the program.  n300 Moreover, if
lands allotted to married women were leased, reservation agents could credit the
lease payments to the women's husbands.  n301 Thus, married Indian women could
be deprived of both access to their land and access to the income from it.

   Some observers criticized the leasing program because it could lead to Indian
dispossession by whites.  n302 Indeed, the leasing  [*687]  program proved very
popular with white settlers, who recognized leasing as a new method for gaining
access to and exploiting Indian lands.  n303 Given the fact that Indian women's
land was automatically more eligible for inclusion in the leasing program than
Indian men's land, women's land may well have been especially vulnerable to the
adverse effects of the leasing program.

   In addition to leasing, the government had to address a number of other
issues involving Indian women and their property rights under the allotment
program. For example, the government was concerned about so-called "squaw men" -
white men who married Indian women. These men were suspected of marrying Indian
women solely to gain access to their property and were generally seen as having
a corrupting influence on the Indians.  n304 Government officials apparently had
difficulty imagining any reason why a white man would marry an Indian woman,
aside from the access marriage could afford to her property. In keeping with
these concerns, an 1888 federal statute provided that no white man who married
an Indian woman could, by virtue of the marriage, acquire "any right to any
[*688]  tribal property, privilege, or interest whatever to which any member of
such tribe is entitled."  n305 The statute further provided that an Indian woman
who married a U.S. citizen (who would most commonly be a white man) became a
citizen by virtue of such marriage, but the marriage would not affect her rights
in tribal property.  n306 A later amendment to the Dawes Act provided that the
children of a marriage between a white man and an Indian woman that was
recognized by her tribe would have the same rights and privileges to the
property of the tribe as any other member.  n307

   In sum, the allotment program initially concentrated allotted tribal land in
the hands of Indian men by giving heads of households, who were presumed to be
men, the largest allotments and by making married women ineligible to own
allotments. Although married women eventually were entitled to receive
allotments, they were not always treated equally, and the actual control and use
of the land were expected to be in men's hands. If married Indian women were
widowed or separated from their husbands, they were in danger of losing both
possession of their land, potentially at below-market rents, and the income
derived from their land through the leasing program. Thus, although the property
rights of Indians in general suffered from the dispossession occasioned by
Johnson and the allotment program, the property rights and ties to the land of
Indian women may well have suffered most severely.

   C. The Field Matron Program



 Everywhere this field matron work modifies outward forms and touches the
mainsprings of life and character, and slowly develops a finer womanhood,
childhood, and manhood. It is a subtle force which enlightens, strengthens,
[*689]  removes prejudice, and breaks down barriers.  n308

 In order to accomplish their goal of transforming Indian women into model farm
wives, government officials thought it best to rely on other women, who were
hired to serve on particular reservations as so-called "field matrons;" women
were considered natural civilizers and thus the most logical candidates to
foster this transformation.  n309 Indian women were to undergo what might be
termed "domestication." First, they were to give up their supposedly wild and
savage lifestyle for a tame and civilized one. Second, their activities, and in
particular their labor, were to be confined to the domestic sphere, so that only
Indian men would be active in work outside the home, in the tribal economy, and
in tribal politics.  n310

   In describing the field matron program in his 1893 annual report,
Commissioner Thomas J. Morgan noted that treaties had frequently included
provisions for farmers, blacksmiths, carpenters, and other  [*690]  craftsmen to
instruct Indian men in the lines of work that they were expected to pursue, in
recognition of the fact that Indian men could not be expected to assume wholly
new tasks "without continued and careful instruction."  n311 Treaties generally
had not, however, included similar provisions for the instruction of Indian
women in the domestic work that they were expected to perform.  n312
Commissioner Morgan believed that Indian women might be in even greater need of
instruction than men, because "even without a teacher the Indian man could learn
much of farming, for instance, by watching his white neighbor; but the Indian
woman had little chance to observe the methods of the housekeeper near her."
n313 This lack of instruction allegedly resulted in the Indians taking into
their new reservation homes "the habits of out-of-door life - irregular meals,
rarely washed cooking utensils and clothes, an assortment of dogs, a general
distribution among corners and on the floors of bedding and personal belongings,
and a readiness to consider the floor a not inconvenient substitute for
bedsteads, tables, and chairs."  n314 The resulting "dirt, disease, and
degradation" were deemed "the natural consequences" of Indian women's inadequate
domestic skills.  n315 Although Commissioner Morgan believed that the Indian
woman intended to act in her children's best interests, she possessed, he
lamented, "the conservatism and the subservience to custom of her sex," and was
"bound and thwarted by ignorance, poverty, and long-established tribal custom."
n316 The field matrons were expected to give Indian women the outside help they
needed to overcome the obstacles to becoming model farm wives. By influencing
Indian women "in their home life and duties," the field matrons would do for
Indian women  [*691]  "in their sphere what farmers and mechanics are supposed
to do for Indian men in their sphere."  n317 In the words of one reservation
agent, the field matrons were to act as "guardian angels" to the "daughters of
the wilderness," and to reveal to them "the mysteries of a new life."  n318

   According to the instructions issued to Indian agents, field matrons were to
counsel and help Indian women as to the following:



    1.Care of a house ...

   2.Cleanliness and hygienic conditions ...

   3.Preparation and serving of food and regularity in meals ...

   4.Sewing ...

   5.Laundry work ...

   6.Adorning the home, both inside and out, with pictures, curtains, home-made
rugs, [and] flowers ...

   7.Keeping and care of domestic animals ... care and use of milk, making of
butter, cheese and curds and keeping of bees ...

   8.Care of the sick ...

   9.Care of little children, and introducing among them the games and sports of
white children ...

   10.Proper observance of the [Christian] Sabbath; organization of societies
for promoting literary, religious, moral, and social improvement ...  n319



    The list of areas of instruction was not intended to be exclusive, however,
in the belief that the field matrons' "tact, skill, and interest [would] suggest
manifold ways of instructing [Indian women] in civilized home life, stimulating
their intelligence, rousing ambition,  [*692]  and cultivating refinement."
n320 The field matrons' efforts could encompass "anything which women of good
judgment, quick sympathies, fertility of resource, large practical experience,
abundant energy and sound health can find to do among an ignorant,
superstitious, poor, and confiding people."  n321 The field matrons were to
visit Indian women in their homes and to set aside certain times during which
Indian women could come to the field matron's home.  n322 To ensure that Indian
women performed only the tasks deemed appropriate for their sex, the matrons
were "to give to the male members of the family kindly admonitions as to the
"chores' and heavier kinds of work about the house which in civilized
communities is generally done by men."  n323

   Given the significance attached to the field matrons' work, the Commissioner
considered it important that the right women be selected to fill the positions.
The field matrons were to be "women of judgment, character, industry, [and]
sound health."  n324 Because they were expected to "devote their entire time and
strength to the work," they had to be "free from family and other cares."  n325
Moreover, they needed to be women of fortitude, "ready to subject themselves to
the privations which must be borne, if any tangible results are to be secured."
n326 Presumably, the field matrons also had to be resourceful because their
salary was not adequate to provide both for their own support and for food,
medicine, and other items for Indians who were in need.  n327 The matrons were
expected to be able to meet some of  [*693]  these needs through donations from
charities interested in assisting in "this practical method of elevating the
condition of Indian women."  n328 At least initially, the ideal field matron was
also white, although a small number of Indian women were eventually deemed to
have sufficient understanding of "white women's ways" to serve as field matrons
or assistant field matrons.  n329

   Congress made the first appropriation for field matrons, in the amount of $
2500, in 1891.  n330 This amount allowed for the hiring of three to four matrons
for one year.  n331 The appropriation was increased in 1892 to $ 5000, an amount
that the Commissioner complained was still "entirely inadequate if the work is
to be prosecuted on any large scale."  n332 The $ 5000 appropriation could
support only seven field matrons.  n333 The Commissioner believed that the field
matrons could be most effective among the tribes whose land had been, or was
about to be, allotted.  n334 In this setting, the field  [*694]  matrons could
"come in at the transition period and save from failure and hopeless
discouragement the Indian woman who begins to see that there is a better way but
does not know how to reach for it."  n335 During the first three years, field
matrons were assigned to the Yakamas, Cheyennes, Arapahoes, Mission Indians,
Poncas, Mexican Kickapoos, Sioux, Navajoes, and Moquis.  n336 After several
years of funding at the $ 5000 level, the Commissioner asked that the
appropriation be increased to $ 19,680, but Congress refused the request.  n337

   The field matrons were required to provide annual reports of their work,
which were forwarded by the reservation agents to the Commissioner.  n338 Some
of these reports were published in the Commissioner's annual reports and provide
interesting insights into the field matrons' view of their work, the
relationships they believed they developed with Indian women, and their opinion
(or at least the  [*695]  one they were willing to convey to officials in
Washington) as to the success or failure of their efforts to transform Indian
women.

   The published reports indicate that field matrons approached their work with
a strong sense of determination and purpose. They were confident that what they
were doing was "right for ... the Indian"  n339 and were eager to play their
role in what one field matron termed "uplifting humanity."  n340 One likened the
task to that of a missionary, who must rely on her powers of persuasion to lead
potential converts to the right way of thinking and acting.  n341

   Despite the importance of the information they were expected to communicate
to Indian women, field matrons were not required to be able to speak Indian
languages. Several field matrons commented on the language barrier in their
annual reports,  n342 and a few tried to overcome the barrier by learning the
resident tribe's language.  n343  [*696]  Some field matrons also believed that
careful observation of the tribe's manners and customs was important.  n344
Whether they were learning a tribe's language or familiarizing themselves with
its customs, these matrons presumably did so not out of intellectual curiosity,
but rather because they believed such actions would assist them in carrying out
their work.

   Like women of other Western nations who labored to uplift their sisters of
color in "uncivilized" foreign lands,  n345 the field matrons viewed "elevation"
of the Indian woman as an important part of the civilization process. For
example, Eliza Lambe, who served as a field matron at the Cheyenne and Arapaho
Agency, commented in 1894 that she would do all she could "to lift Indian woman
to the higher position given her, and the sooner she reaches it the faster will
civilization grow."  n346 Once Indian women performed the largely indoor tasks
deemed appropriate for their gender, Indian men, it was believed, would be
encouraged to act in conformity with their proper gender roles.  n347 In some
instances, field matrons noted that getting Indian women to perform tasks deemed
appropriate for their gender required persuading them to undertake tasks that
were generally  [*697]  performed by men in their tribes.  n348 Elevation of the
Indian woman was particularly important to those field matrons who shared the
belief of government officials that Indian women occupied a lowly status within
their tribe. For example, Frances S. Calfee, who served as a field matron for
the Hualapais, wrote in 1896 that "the Hualapai women occupy an unenviable
position, being counted little, if any, better than the dogs, and certainly not
so valuable as the horses."  n349

   One major concern of the field matrons was the nature of the Indian home.
Field matrons stressed the importance of the civilized home and the central role
of the wife within it.  n350 They compiled statistics on how many Indians were
living in houses as opposed to traditional dwellings.  n351 Field matrons
generally viewed traditional Indian homes and the nomadic lifestyle of some
tribes as impediments to becoming civilized;  n352 they lamented the poor
condition of Indian homes and the shortage of houses on the reservations,
complaining that it was difficult to teach Indian women proper housekeeping
without actual houses in which to practice what they learned.  n353 Field
matrons sought paint and other resources  [*698]  needed to improve the
condition of Indian homes.  n354 Some took the need for houses so seriously that
they, as well as some Indian women,  n355 contributed their own labor to the
building of reservation houses.  n356 The matrons were enthusiastic about
transforming Indian homes in spite of the recognition by at least some matrons
that the transition to houses also posed dangers, because past experience had
shown that closer quarters often caused an increase in disease.  n357 Some
Indian women apparently learned enough about white housekeeping methods, despite
the lack of resources available to the field matrons, to be hired to do
housekeeping for white women,  n358  [*699]  and thus provided white families
with a convenient pool of presumably low-paid domestic laborers.

   Although one of the designated areas of training for Indian women was care of
the sick,  n359 some field matrons went beyond simple instruction in nursing to
play an active role in this area,  n360 at times filling in for agency
physicians who were absent from the reservation  n361 or who lived a great
distance away.  n362 Field matrons reported that some Indians supplemented the
matrons' efforts with visits from medicine men;  n363 however, the matrons hoped
that experience would teach the Indians that the matrons' remedies were  [*700]
more effective.  n364 The field matrons' concern for improving Indian health
also led them to encourage Indian mothers to give more cow's milk to their
children.  n365 Although the matrons may have intended this measure to improve
the children's health, it could have had the opposite effect because of the
difficulty that many individuals of non-European ancestry have in digesting
dairy products.  n366 Field matrons also cited health and hygiene concerns as
the basis for promoting the wearing of Euro-American clothing by Indian women.
n367

   In addition to the treatment of the ill, some field matrons added teaching at
reservation schools to their regular duties.  n368 Through  [*701]  their
various activities on the reservations, some field matrons seem to have
developed feelings of kinship and friendship with tribal members, which in a few
reported instances prompted them to act as advocates for Indians against local
whites and other government employees.  n369

   Besides embracing a missionary approach to their work, some field matrons
worked closely with and received support from Christian missionaries living on
the reservations.  n370 Some matrons took this alliance of church and state
further by engaging in proselytizing themselves, encouraging Indians to observe
the Christian Sabbath, and holding Sunday school for adults and children.  n371
As one explained, it was believed that Indian women who  [*702]  had become
Christians "were willing to take up the white woman's way of living."  n372 On
some reservations, the roles of missionary and field matron were interchanged
when a woman who had resided on the reservation as a missionary was subsequently
appointed a field matron.  n373 In other instances, the wives of reservation
missionaries received appointments, thus receiving salaries that were helpful to
their husbands' proselytization efforts.  n374

   Although the field matrons' efforts were intended to focus primarily on
women's domestic pursuits, some matrons promoted farming on the reservations by
distributing seeds and lending tools to Indian men.  n375 Moreover, field
matrons sometimes included in their annual reports advice on what needed to be
done to promote Indian farming. Mary E. Whyte, for example, who served as a
field matron  [*703]  on the Navajo Reservation, emphasized in her 1893 report
the need for irrigation in order for the Navajos to become successful farmers.
n376 Mary Eldridge noted in her 1895 report that the drought-stricken Navajos
were badly in need of seed and tools for farming and had asked to be taught how
to "make water run up hill like the white men."  n377

   The field matrons' efforts were intended to complement the allotment program,
and their reports generally showed enthusiasm for allotment. Some commented, for
example, on the importance of allotment in promoting civilization and
discouraging dependency.  n378 As for Indian reactions to allotment, some
reported that Indian sentiment toward allotment was favorable,  n379 while
others reported opposition.  n380 Elizabeth Test, who served as a field matron
on the Mexican Kickapoo Reservation, reported in 1894 that allotment had
"troubled" the Mexican Kickapoos, causing them to be in "an unsettled condition"
that led to many of their fields being untilled.  n381 In fact, some Kickapoos
refused to take allotments.  n382 Test noted that although the Kickapoos
appeared stubborn, they acted out of religious conviction: "They believe the
Great Spirit will be displeased if they consent to have the land divided, and
rather than to cause that they will suffer a great deal."  n383

    [*704]  Field matrons regularly complained about the inadequacy of resources
that the government made available to support their work.  n384 Some noted the
discrepancy between the resources allocated to Indian men and women. For
example, Kate Morris, who served as a field matron at the Rosebud Agency,
commented in 1893 that greater results could be obtained if "the Indian women
could be furnished with material to accomplish their work in proportion to the
material and machinery furnished the Indian men to do what is required of them
by the Department."  n385 On some reservations, field matrons scrambled to find
the resources necessary to feed the sick and hungry  n386 and to prevent
starvation. Mary Eldridge, who served on the Navajo Reservation, reported in
1895 that "the constant need of the hungry people - those who were absolutely
suffering from hunger - was very hard to encounter day by day, and our resources
were taxed to the utmost."  n387 Some matrons relied on support from missionary
and other groups to make up for the inadequacy of the resources provided by the
government.  n388 The lack  [*705]  of resources made the field matrons' work
seem at times like "an almost hopeless task."  n389 The absence of any means of
transportation was particularly difficult for field matrons serving reservations
on which the Indians were spread widely apart.  n390

   Field matrons reported that Indian women were willing to make changes once
shown the "proper" way to do things.  n391 Indian women on some reservations
were even reported to be enthusiastic about adopting "the manners and customs of
civilization."  n392 Some field matrons reported that the younger women provided
the most fertile ground for the field matrons' efforts;  n393 on the other hand,
Nellie Lindsay, who served as field matron on the Santee Reservation, expressed
surprise in her 1895 report that so many of the middle-aged and older women of
the tribe also wanted to improve their homes.  n394

    [*706]  Some reports by reservation agents, however, indicated that the
field matrons and their efforts were not always as well received as the matrons'
own reports may have indicated.  n395 Indian women's view of the field matrons
and their work, and the extent to which Indian women resisted the transformation
that the field matrons sought to impose, are difficult to uncover; although some
of the field matrons' reports discuss Indian women's reactions to the matrons'
work, these reports may not be entirely accurate. The field matrons' impressions
might themselves have been erroneous because they misinterpreted Indian women's
reactions, or the field matrons may have accurately judged Indian women's
reactions but deemed it expedient to give a somewhat different account to the
Commissioner to give the appearance that their efforts were succeeding.  n396

   The field matrons' reports illustrate the central role that their authors
sought to play in domesticating Indian women and in bolstering the allotment
program and its focus on Indian men as farmers and landowners. The field
matrons' efforts weakened Indian women's ties to the land and shifted the focus
of women's work from the land to the interior of the home. While some of the
matrons may have believed that they were rescuing Indian women from the
degradation allegedly imposed by Indian men, the matrons seemingly failed to
appreciate the role that they themselves were playing in subjugating Indian
women to the ways of Euro-American society. In other words, they did not
understand that while it may have been  [*707]  accurate to describe Indian
women as the victims of oppression, the oppression arose not from their being
women oppressed by the men of their tribe, but rather from being Indians, whose
beliefs about the land, property rights, and gender roles had been targeted for
destruction by the federal government.  n397

   Despite the concerted efforts of the field matrons and other government
employees, and regardless of the matrons' own estimations of the success or
failure of their efforts in "bearing the white woman's burden,"  n398 Indians
did not meekly assimilate and disappear into American society, and Indian women
did not wholeheartedly embrace the dependence on men advocated by the allotment
and field matron programs. Twentieth-century Indian women, and Indians in
general, continue to envision themselves differently from the identity that
nineteenth-century government programs sought to impose on them. Moreover,
Indians continue to hold views of the land, and to assert claims to it, that are
contrary to the federal government's understanding of land ownership and land
cessions. Their continuing struggle to define themselves and live according to
their own vision is the subject of Part IV.

   IV. The Struggle Continues: The Dann Sisters' Resistance to the Taking of
Their Property Rights and to Domestication



 "It's the only way I can protect myself. I gotta protect my  [*708]
livelihood. They talk about the Constitution. There's no Constitution as far as
I can see. It doesn't protect me, it doesn't protect people of my color."  n399

 Carrie and Mary Dann have been ranchers in northeastern Nevada since the 1940s,
raising livestock on land on which their tribe, the Western Shoshones, have
resided and made a living from time immemorial. Since the 1970s, the Danns have
resisted federal government efforts to limit their grazing of livestock, and to
treat them as trespassers, on land that the government claims as public domain
land.

   The treatment that the Dann sisters have received at the hands of federal
government officials and the federal court system illustrates the United
States's continuing denial of Indian property rights in aboriginal tribal land,
including Indian women's property rights in such land. The Danns' struggle also
demonstrates the persistence of Indian women's claims to ancestral lands and
Indians' continued questioning of, and struggle against, the property rights
regime imposed by the Supreme Court's decision in Johnson v. McIntosh  n400 and
by the allotment program.  n401 By asserting the right to graze their livestock
on land that the government claims no longer belongs to the Western Shoshones,
the Danns have shown their refusal to accept the legitimacy of government claims
to Indian land. By denying that land can ever be owned by individuals, the Danns
have rejected a basic premise underlying both Johnson and the allotment program.
Moreover, by making a living as ranchers, the Danns have demonstrated their
refusal to be relegated to the economic and societal roles that the government
deemed proper for Indian women, roles which the government sought to inculcate
through the field matron program in the nineteenth and early twentieth
centuries.  n402 Finally, by taking their case to the international community,
the Danns have shown their refusal to accept the Johnson Court's limitation on
Indians' right to deal directly with other nations. In short, over 100 years
after the enactment of the Dawes Act  n403 and the establishment of programs
[*709]  designed to domesticate Indian women, destroy tribal culture, and
assimilate Indians into Euro-American society, the Danns continue to struggle
for legal recognition of their right to lead their lives and to enjoy their
people's ancestral land in keeping with their own vision.

   Part IV.A discusses a damages claim brought before the Indian Claims
Commission by a small group of Shoshones for the alleged taking of tribal lands.
Part IV.B examines the trespass suit against the Danns and the purported effect
of the decision in the damages claim case on the rights of the Danns and other
Western Shoshones to aboriginal land. Part IV.C discusses the Danns' perspective
- their view on the land and the trespass suit and their insistence on the right
to live as they see fit on their tribe's aboriginal lands.

   A. The "Taking" of Western Shoshone Lands



 The commissioners were instructed specifically ... that they were not expected
to negotiate for the extinction of the Indian title...

   ...The commissioners carefully followed their instructions.  n404

 The underlying issue in the Danns' dispute with the federal government is the
ownership of the aboriginal lands of the Western Shoshones. The federal
government argues that the Western Shoshones' aboriginal lands were incorporated
into the United States in 1848 under the Treaty of Guadalupe-Hidalgo,  n405 a
treaty to which the Western Shoshones were not a party.  n406 At the time this
treaty was signed, the lands used and occupied by the Shoshones covered about
eighty million acres in what are today the states of Colorado, Idaho, Nevada,
Utah, and Wyoming.  n407 The Western Shoshones occupied about twenty-two million
acres in northern and central Nevada.  n408

   In 1862, President Lincoln sent a special commission to negotiate  [*710]  a
treaty with the Shoshones, with instructions that the commission was not to
negotiate for the extinguishment of Shoshone title but rather for the security
of roads through Shoshone lands.  n409 Five treaties were negotiated with
different Shoshone groups, including the Treaty of Ruby Valley with the Western
Shoshones (the "Treaty"),  n410 by which the Western Shoshones allowed settlers
safe passage and permitted prospecting, mining, farming, and ranching on their
lands.  n411 Furthermore, the Treaty "defined the boundaries of the Western
Shoshone land" and provided that whenever the President deemed it expedient to
provide the Western Shoshones with reservations within the land described in the
Treaty, they would remove themselves to such reservations.  n412 After
increasing numbers of non-Indians displaced some of the Western Shoshones,
President Hayes established a reservation for them at Duck Valley in Nevada.
n413 The reservation was located outside the territory described in the Treaty,
and only a minority of the Western Shoshones moved there.  n414 When the Danns'
dispute with the federal government began in 1973, most of the Western Shoshones
still lived [*711]  within the territory described in the Treaty.  n415 Thus,
the Western Shoshones' land had not been "taken," in the usual sense of the
word, from them by the United States.

   In 1951, several Shoshone groups - including the Temoak Band, a small band
who claimed to represent the Western Shoshones - brought an action before the
Indian Claims Commission (the "Commission") seeking "damages for the deprivation
of their former tribal lands."  n416 The complaint alleged that the United
States had violated the Western Shoshones' rights and the Treaty of Ruby Valley
by conveying a large part of the land described in the Treaty to settlers, or by
converting the land to its own use, without compensation.  n417 In 1962, the
Commission concluded that the Western Shoshones had enjoyed exclusive use and
occupation of, and hence had aboriginal title to, twenty-two million acres of
land in Nevada and that the United States, without paying compensation, had
treated the lands as public lands.  n418 In 1972, the Commission set the value
of the land as of July 1, 1872, the date that the parties stipulated as the date
of taking.  n419

   In 1974, the Danns (who did not belong to the Temoak Band)  n420 and other
Western Shoshones tried to intervene in the claims proceeding to remove certain
lands from the complaint "on the grounds that the Western Shoshones still had
unextinguished aboriginal title" to them;  n421 the Commission, however,
rejected their petition.  n422 In 1977, the Commission, continuing to ignore
evidence  [*712]  of strong Western Shoshone opposition to the Temoak Band's
claim,  n423 issued its final damages award,  n424 which the Court of Claims
affirmed in 1979.  n425 Thus, the federal courts recognized the United States's
power to take the Western Shoshones' lands from them without their consent, as
the Court in Johnson had allowed,  n426 while ignoring continued Western
Shoshone occupation of the lands.

   B. The Government's Perspective: The Danns as Trespassers



Thus two decades of legal battle came to their culmination. The federal
government versus the Western Shoshone boiled down to [a U.S. Bureau of Land
Management agent] twisting Carrie Dann's arm.  n427

 In 1974, the federal government filed a trespass action against Carrie and Mary
Dann, alleging that they had violated the Taylor Grazing Act  n428 by grazing
their livestock without a federal permit on land the government claimed was
public land.  n429 Prior to 1974, the Danns' possession of the land was
unchallenged.  n430 In their defense,  [*713]  the Danns argued that they and
the other Western Shoshones retained aboriginal title to the land in question,
n431 and thus they could not be guilty of trespass. The federal district court
in Nevada granted the government's motion for summary judgment, holding that the
Danns were collaterally estopped from asserting title to the land because of the
Commission's ruling in the Temoak Band's claim proceeding that the United States
had acquired the land.  n432 The Danns were thus saddled with a decision reached
in a case brought by one small Western Shoshone group, a case in which they were
denied participation and thus were denied the right to have their interests
represented.  n433 Moreover, the lands at issue were not even under the
geographical jurisdiction of the Temoak Band.  n434

   In 1978, the Ninth Circuit reversed the district court's decision,  n435
holding that the Commission's decision did not foreclose the Danns from
litigating the issue of the Western Shoshones' title to the land  n436 because
the title issue was neither litigated nor decided in the Commission proceedings,
which only examined whether the Western Shoshones ever had title to the land and
not whether the United States had later gained title.  n437 The court remanded
the case for a determination of whether the Western Shoshones still had title.
n438

   In 1979, before the district court hearing the Danns' case on remand reached
a decision, the Court of Claims affirmed the Commission's award in the Temoak
Band's damages claim.  n439 The award was then certified to the General
Accounting Office.  n440 The decision in the Dann case apparently was delayed,
at the government's behest, to await the expected preclusive effect of the
[*714]  claims award.  n441 Following the certification, the district court held
that upon certification, the award had been automatically "paid," and its effect
was to extinguish aboriginal title to the Western Shoshone lands.  n442

   On appeal, the Ninth Circuit reversed,  n443 holding once again that the
Danns were not barred from asserting aboriginal title as a defense to the
trespass suit because the issue of extinguishment of title was never litigated
in the Temoak Band's claims proceeding.  n444 Moreover, the court held that the
Danns were not precluded from asserting aboriginal title by the bar provision of
the Indian Claims Commission Act  n445 because the government had not yet made
payment on the damage award.  n446 Although funds allegedly had been credited to
a Treasury account in the Western Shoshones' name, no money had actually passed
into the hands of the Western Shoshones or been used for their benefit.  n447
Finally, the court held that aboriginal title had not been extinguished as a
matter of law,  n448 reasoning that although extinguishment could be
accomplished in a number of ways, the government's intent to extinguish must be
clear  n449 and no government action demonstrated such intent.  n450

    [*715]  In 1985, the U.S. Supreme Court addressed the question of whether
"payment" of the Temoak Band's damages award had occurred when funds were
appropriated for the Western Shoshones' benefit.  n451 In an opinion that Dean
Nell Newton has aptly described as "dry-as-dust,"  n452 the Court concluded that
payment had been made to the Western Shoshones once money was deposited into a
trust account for the tribe's benefit,  n453 even though the tribe did not have
access to the money and could not have access to it in the absence of
congressional action.  n454 The Court declined to focus on the Western
Shoshones' lack of access or on the fact that the government had simply
transferred money within its own accounts; instead, the Court blamed the tribe
itself for the Secretary of the Interior's failure to submit a plan for
distribution of the award.  n455

   Although the Court cited Johnson v. McIntosh as a source of the  [*716]
aboriginal title doctrine,  n456 the Court did not base its decision on property
law principles. Rather, the Court focused on its interpretation of the
legislative intent of the Indian Claims Commission Act, which it identified as
disposing of ""the Indian claims problem with finality,'"  n457 and transferring
the responsibility for deciding the merits of Indian claims from Congress to the
Commission.  n458 The Court reasoned that to hold that payment had not occurred
until Congress had approved a distribution plan would frustrate both of these
purposes by postponing the effects of the statutory provision discharging the
United States from further liability  n459 and by failing to relieve Congress of
the "burden" of having to resolve Indian claims.  n460 By focusing on the
inconvenience which the claim created for the United States and Congress, the
Court ignored the fundamental role that the Act was meant to play in providing
redress to tribes who had been deprived of their rights to land.  n461

   The Court's holding on the payment issue effectively barred the Danns from
raising tribal aboriginal title as a defense to the trespass action. The Court
suggested, however, that the Danns might be able to offer a defense of
individual aboriginal title, an issue that had not been before the Commission in
the Temoak Band's proceeding, and remanded the case for consideration of this
issue.  n462

    [*717]  On remand, the district court found that the Danns had individual
aboriginal title to one section of grazing land prior to 1979,  n463 the year in
which the claims award became final.  n464 Moreover, the court found that both
the Danns and their father, Dewey Dann, had individual aboriginal rights to
graze certain types and numbers of livestock, free of regulation by the Bureau
of Land Management.  n465

   On appeal, the Ninth Circuit explored the concept of individual aboriginal
title, which it noted "is by no means a well-defined concept," and acknowledged
that "the common view of aboriginal title is that it is held by tribes."  n466
Nonetheless, the court reasoned that an individual could in theory establish
aboriginal title by showing "that his or her lineal ancestors held and occupied,
as individuals, a particular tract of land, to the exclusion of all others, from
time immemorial, and that this title had never been extinguished."  n467 The
court did not address the issue further, however, because the Danns had not made
an individual claim to the lands from time immemorial, but rather had asserted
only tribal interests.  n468

   The court also discussed another possible meaning of aboriginal title
stemming from a 1923 case, Cramer v. United States,  n469 in which the Supreme
Court held that three Indians who had settled on public  [*718]  land that was
subsequently granted to a railroad were entitled to the land that they had
actually enclosed and occupied.  n470 The Cramer Court based its decision on the
government policy of respecting Indian occupancy rights, whether tribal or
individual, that complemented the civilization policy.  n471 Applying the Cramer
doctrine, the Ninth Circuit held that the Danns acquired individual aboriginal
title to the land to which they or their lineal ancestors had actual possession
prior to November 26, 1934,  n472 when the President withdrew public lands in
Nevada from settlement pursuant to the Taylor Grazing Act.  n473 The court also
held that the Danns had limited individual aboriginal grazing rights to graze
horses and cattle in common with others on certain public lands.  n474 Finally,
the court held that the Danns' individual aboriginal grazing rights were subject
[*719]  to Bureau of Land Management regulation "that is shown to be essential
to the conservation of the common resources."  n475

   Thus, after a sixteen-year odyssey through the federal court system, the
Danns' claim of continued Western Shoshone aboriginal title as a defense to the
trespass action was rejected on the basis of a proceeding brought by a group to
which they did not belong, in which they were denied the right to participate,
and which resulted in a monetary award that their tribe had never actually
received. Their perspective on the nature of land and land ownership was deemed
not worthy of consideration by federal court judges whose understanding of land
use and Indian land ownership was shaped by the attitudes and legal principles
underlying Johnson and the Dawes Act.  n476 The federal courts thus imposed on
the Danns as individuals a property rights regime that included the principles
of individual, as opposed to communal, ownership of land and of government power
to take Indian land by purchase or by conquest - the same regime that the
federal government had sought to impose on Indian tribes since Johnson was
decided. Once again, Indian women's property rights were subordinated to the
federal government's claims and interests. The Danns were left with legal
recognition of limited individual aboriginal rights, subject in part to federal
regulation. The Danns petitioned the Supreme Court for writ of certiorari, which
the Court denied in October 1989,  n477 thus ending the Danns' quest for
recognition by the U.S. legal system of their rights with respect to Western
Shoshone aboriginal land. As far as the land at issue and the Danns' rights in
it were concerned, the conquest anticipated by Johnson was complete.

   C. The Danns' Perspective: Defending Their Mother



 "We will not stop fighting... This land is our mother."  n478

 Much of the federal courts' analyses in the trespass suit against  [*720]  the
Danns focused on procedure. By focusing on procedural issues like the collateral
estoppel effect of the Temoak Band's Indian Claims Commission proceeding, the
Supreme Court avoided focusing directly on what mattered most to the Danns - the
land itself and the way that the Danns, like their ancestors, shaped their lives
on that land. Indeed, for the Danns, what was at stake was their life: As Carrie
Dann has said, ""Land is the root of all things we need in life. Land is life.'"
n479 Also at stake was the health and well-being of the Danns' family - not only
the Danns' extended human family living on the land,  n480 but also their
"four-legged brothers and sisters"  n481 and the earth itself, which they regard
as their mother.  n482

   The life that the Danns lead is clearly at odds with what nineteenth- and
early twentieth-century federal government officials intended for Indians, and
for Indian women in particular. Moreover, the Danns' attitudes toward the land
on which they live imply a rejection of the major tenets of the property rights
regime that the federal government attempted to impose on the Shoshones and
other tribes in Johnson v. McIntosh and in the allotment program. In short, the
Danns stand as defiant living examples of continuing Indian resistance to loss
of property rights and assimilation and of Indian women's refusal to conform
silently to the gender role that the Dawes Act and the field matron program
intended for them.

   If any of the field matrons were able to observe the Danns today, undoubtedly
they would view the Danns as evidence of the failure of their efforts to
domesticate Indian women. Neither of the Dann sisters is the field matrons'
model farm wife, who confines her labor to indoor domestic pursuits while
leaving the arduous outdoor work to her farmer husband.  n483 Nor are the Danns
"squaw drudges," the downtrodden victims of the indolence of Indian men that
existed in government officials' imaginations.  n484 Rather, they make their own
living off the land, as they have done for decades and as their parents  [*721]
and other ancestors did before them. In doing so, they carry on the tradition of
Indian women's involvement in agricultural activities and their direct
relationship with the land that the Supreme Court ignored in Johnson  n485 and
that nineteenth-century government officials sought to destroy.  n486

   More importantly, the Danns' use of the land does not fit the model laid out
by the federal government officials who endeavored to turn the Indians into
farmers.  n487 Instead of growing crops in large, neatly fenced fields, the
Danns and their family raise livestock. They also gather firewood, pine-nuts,
and plants and herbs for food and medicinal purposes.  n488 They fish, hunt, and
garden.  n489 It is not an easy way of life, but it is so fundamental to their
existence that they continue to struggle, against seemingly overwhelming odds,
to preserve it.

   The Danns' family structure is also contrary to the goals of the
assimilationists. The architects of the allotment and field matron programs
viewed the establishment of the nuclear family as a key component in the
civilization of the Indians. Extended families, and the sense of obligation to
others that they created, were viewed as an impediment to Indian social and
economic development.  n490 The Danns do not fit the field matrons' model of a
husband and wife living together with their minor children. Instead, about a
dozen members of the Dann family, including the Dann sisters themselves, their
brother, and the three Dann siblings' children and grandchildren, live and work
together on the Dann ranch.  n491

   The Dann sisters' divergence from the familial role that the government
sought to impose on Indian women accompanies their rejection of the passive role
within the tribe that the government intended for Indian women. Historically,
the federal government  [*722]  preferred dealing with the men of each tribe.
Treaties generally were negotiated with and signed by men.  n492 The Treaty of
Ruby Valley, for example, provided that the Western Shoshones were represented
by their chiefs and "Principal Men."  n493 Men also received preferential
treatment in the allotment program.  n494 Agricultural tools, supplies, and
training, to the extent that the government made them available, were given to
men.  n495 In short, the government expected that Indian men would enjoy the
same status as political and economic leaders within their communities that
white men enjoyed within Euro-American society. The Danns, however, have
defended their right to do "men's work" and have refused to depend on male
tribal leaders to represent their interests in dealings with the federal
government. Carrie Dann has commented that ""unlike Christians, we [Shoshones]
see women in a strong role... It is wrong to put women down. We can think and
work, and we can fight the stupidity of men.'"  n496 The Danns have insisted on
the right to tell their own story and fight their own fight in a manner that has
earned them international recognition.  n497

   The Danns' attitude toward, and basic understanding of, the land on which
they make their living also shows their continued resistance to assimilation
into Euro-American society and their rejection of its view of land and land
ownership. Their understanding of the land and rights in the land is
fundamentally at odds with the view that the federal government has sought to
instill in Indians and that underlay Johnson, the allotment program, and the
federal courts' decisions in the trespass case against the Danns. They refuse to
view the land as just a commodity to sell to the highest bidder. Thus, while
they might agree with the Johnson Court's holding that Indians cannot freely
sell absolute rights to land, they presumably would extend this principle to all
people: As Carrie Dann has commented, ""You can't sell the earth and that's my
background.'"  n498 For the Danns, the land does  [*723]  not have a price tag.
To believe that it did would be to deny their own identity. As Carrie Dann has
explained: ""I wouldn't take a million dollars per acre [for Western Shoshone
land]... If I did, I would be selling my pride, my honor, my dignity, my
birthright, everything that says I'm a Western Shoshone.'"  n499

   The Danns implicitly reject the idea, which was fundamental to the allotment
program, that land can be cut into pieces and parceled out to individuals. The
concept of individual land ownership is wholly incompatible with their
understanding of the land. The Danns' fundamental objection to individual land
ownership was manifested in their decision not to assert aboriginal title to a
portion of the Western Shoshones' aboriginal lands as individuals, despite the
federal courts' recognition that such individual title might exist.  n500 The
Danns' Supreme Court brief explained that they have always considered the land
they occupy to be the property of the Western Shoshones as a whole.  n501

   The Danns' rejection of the possibility of selling or dividing Western
Shoshone land is intimately tied up with the role that the earth plays in their
world-view. For the Danns, the earth is most properly understood as their
mother. As Carrie Dann has put it, ""The earth is our mother... Only a woman can
give birth, nourish life. We can't own the earth because we are from the earth.
Can you own your mother when she brought life to you?'"  n502 As mother, the
earth can be depended upon to nurture her children: ""Our human mother can only
take care of us for so long, then as we get older we must turn to our earth
mother, who will take care of us  [*724]  for the rest of our lives.'"  n503 The
preservation of the earth mother is essential not only to the physical but also
the spiritual survival of the Danns; as Carrie Dann has explained: ""If we lose
our land, we have lost our mother. We're spiritually dead. To us, it is to be
reduced down to nothingness.'"  n504

   Moreover, the Danns have claimed the right to use aboriginal Western Shoshone
land not just to support their human family, but also for the benefit of the
animals whom they also regard as family.  n505 In describing the sisters' desire
to decide how the land will be used, Carrie Dann said, ""We'd like to see that
our four-legged brothers and sisters will always have a place to live, for they
are the children of the earth.'"  n506 The Danns have already suffered the loss
of many of their four-legged siblings through government seizures of their
livestock.  n507

   By reaching out to the international community for relief, the Danns have
rejected the principle that only the United States, as heir to the rights of the
discovering nations, can have dealings with the Western Shoshones. This avenue
of relief is at odds with an aspect of the Discovery Doctrine adopted in
Johnson. Under that Doctrine, the discovering nation gained the exclusive right
to deal with the natives, free of interference by other nations.  n508 However,
in the  [*725]  Spring of 1997, the Western Shoshone Nation, with the Danns'
support, filed a grievance against the United States based on violations of the
Treaty of Ruby Valley with the United Nations Commission on Human Rights.  n509
The grievance claim relates to the federal government's treatment of the Western
Shoshones as a conquered people, whose land was ceded to the United States.
n510 The claim asserts that the tribe's land was taken illegally under both
United States and international law.  n511 The appeal to the international
community relates to the matter that is central to the Discovery Doctrine, that
is, native rights in land; because of its importance, this matter, perhaps more
than any other, is meant to be settled by the United States without foreign
intervention.  n512

   The Danns have also brought their grievance to a regional international
organization, the Organization of American States ("OAS"). In June 1997, the
Danns filed a complaint with the OAS's Inter-American Commission on Human
Rights.  n513 In response to the OAS complaint, the United States has argued
that ""this case is about disputed land ownership and grazing rights, and not
about human-rights violations.'"  n514 This statement implicitly rejects a
connection between the denial of land rights and the denial of human rights and
of the intimate ties between the land and human beings that the Danns recognize.
n515 Yet, the United Nations has acknowledged this connection. The United
Nations Commission on Human Rights, prompted by the efforts of the Danns and
other indigenous peoples' activists, has agreed to begin a worldwide study of
indigenous peoples' land rights.  n516 In March 1998, the Inter-American
Commission on Human Rights asked the United States to stay its actions against
the Danns pending the Commission's investigation of the case, but the United
States has refused.  n517

    [*726]  This was not the first time that the Danns' struggle received
recognition at the international level. In 1993, the Danns received the Right
Livelihood Award, dubbed the "alternative Nobel Prize," for ""their courage and
perseverance in asserting the right of indigenous people to their land.'"  n518
The Danns also have received support in the past from the Parliament of the
European Union and the German parliament.  n519

   Thus, the Dann sisters, in the face of seemingly overwhelming odds, continue
to struggle to preserve their independent way of life and to defend their right
to use what they regard as the land of their tribe. They continue to reject the
property rights regime and gender roles that federal courts and federal
government policy-makers sought to impose on Indians under the Johnson decision
and the allotment and field matron programs. Undaunted by their lack of success
in the U.S. legal system, the Danns have carried their resistance to, and sought
assistance in, the international arena, in defiance of the Discovery Doctrine
adopted in Johnson v. McIntosh.

   V. Conclusion: The Need to Respect Our Sisters' Vision



"My people were Americans for thousands of years before your people were. The
question is not how you can Americanize us but how we can Americanize you... The
first thing we want to teach you is that, in the American way of life, each man
has respect for his brother's vision... Freedom is built on my respect for my
brother's vision and his respect for mine."  n520

  [*727]  In 1823, in Johnson v. McIntosh, the U.S. Supreme Court denied Indian
tribes full legal title to their land. The Court held that the United States had
title to Indian land, subject to the Indians' right of occupancy, and could take
the land from its Indian occupants by purchase or by conquest.  n521 Chief
Justice Marshall's opinion for the Court depicted Indians as savages who lived
an unsettled life of hunting and fighting, who recognized only communal rights
with respect to land, and who could not survive in the vicinity of farmers.
n522 The Court ignored Indian women and their relationship with the land and
failed to recognize that for centuries, many tribes had engaged in agriculture,
for which women were largely responsible and which provided the basis for their
enjoyment of certain individual property rights in land. Later in the nineteenth
century, federal government officials acknowledged Indian women's traditional
agricultural role but interpreted it as evidence of Indians' uncivilized way of
life. The government sought to assimilate Indians into the Euro-American way of
life, including acceptance of the concept of individual ownership of land.
Tribal land was allotted to individual Indians, with a preference for Indian
men, who were to become farmers. Indian women's traditional role in tribal
agriculture was to be suppressed, and, under the guidance of field matrons,
Indian women were to be domesticated - rescued from a savage life in order to
take their proper place in the domestic sphere, where they would be dependent on
men for their livelihood.

   For over two decades, Western Shoshone ranchers Carrie and Mary Dann have
resisted the twentieth-century legacy of Johnson v. McIntosh, the allotment
program, and government efforts to assimilate and domesticate Indian women. They
have fought for legal recognition of their right to graze livestock on land on
which the Western Shoshones have lived from time immemorial, but which the
federal government claims as public domain land. Federal courts have rejected
their claim that the land in question, which was never formally taken by the
federal government and which continues to be inhabited by Western Shoshones,
still belongs to the tribe. Despite  [*728]  the federal courts' decisions, the
Danns continue to deny that land is just a commodity that can be owned by the
government or individuals, thus rejecting a fundamental premise of Johnson and
the allotment program. They have persisted in their resistance to government
efforts to restrict grazing of their livestock and have also opposed
government-approved mining and nuclear weapons testing near their ranch. Their
avenues of relief in the federal courts seemingly exhausted, the Danns have
recently turned to the international community for assistance in vindicating
their own rights and those of the rest of their tribe. They also continue to
reject the role of submissive, dependent women and the nuclear-family-dominated
lifestyle that the field matron program sought to impose on Indian women in the
nineteenth and early twentieth centuries and insist on the right to live with
their extended family and make their living as they see fit.

   At its core, the federal government's prosecution of the Danns for trespass
on Western Shoshone aboriginal lands can be understood as a late
twentieth-century manifestation of the federal government's longstanding efforts
to impose upon Indians, both explicitly and implicitly, a Euro-American vision
of land, property rights, and gender roles. The Danns' resistance illustrates
their insistence on the right to follow a competing vision. The federal court
system's ultimate rejection of their claimed defense exemplifies the continuing
refusal of federal Indian law jurisprudence to respect and accommodate the
vision of the aboriginal peoples of the United States.

   At the same time, federal government policy purports to support tribal
self-governance, self-determination, and economic development.  n523 Unless
federal government policy-makers and federal court judges come to grips with the
oppressive history of federal government policy toward Indian lands and Indian
people, it is difficult to imagine, however, that concepts like self-governance
and self-determination can have any real meaning for Indians today  [*729]  when
such important issues as land use and property rights are at stake. Those who
create, interpret, and apply U.S. law on Indian rights seemingly have yet to
learn that true freedom for all peoples is ultimately built on "my respect for
my brother's vision and his respect for mine."  n524


Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
GovernmentsCourtsCourt PersonnelGovernmentsNative AmericansGeneral OverviewReal
Property LawTitle QualityAboriginal & Recognized Title

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Merial A. Dorchester, Suggestions from the Field, in 1891 Report of
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H. R. Exec. Doc. No.1, pt. 5, 52d Cong., 1st
Sess. 552, 552. Dorchester was a special agent for the Indian School Service in
1891. See id.




n2.  1897 Board of Indian Commissioners Ann. Rep. 18.




n3.  Jan Stevens, Whose Home?, Sacramento Bee, Feb. 14, 1993, at A1, available
in 1993 WL 7424861 (quoting Carrie Dann).




n4.  See United States v. Dann, 470 U.S. 39, 43 (1985), rev'g 706 F.2d 919 (9th
Cir. 1983).




n5.  See id.




n6.  See id. at 44.




n7.  See id. ("Congress had not yet approved a plan for the distribution of the
money to the tribe.").




n8.  The Court's denial of aboriginal title as a defense to the trespass action
ultimately led to the seizure of some of the Danns' livestock. See infra note
497 and accompanying text.




n9.  See United States v. Dann, 873 F.2d 1189, 1200 (9th Cir. 1989).




n10.  See, e.g., The Invisible People - Fighting for Land in Nevada (CNN
television broadcast, Nov. 15, 1994), available in LEXIS, News Library, CNN File
[hereinafter The Invisible People] (reporting that the Danns "continue to defy
the federal government, grazing their livestock on land they insist belongs to
Western Shoshone"); see also Western Shoshone, BLM at Odds, Indian Country
Today, Mar. 9-16, 1998, at B8 (noting that the Danns had been served notice from
the Bureau of Land Management for unauthorized grazing on public lands and
trespass). In August 1998, the Interior Board of Land Appeals stayed action on
the trespass order against the Danns. See Sisters Win Round in BLM Fight, Las
Vegas Rev.-J., Aug. 26, 1998, at B6, available in 1998 WL 7223531.




n11.  See Scott Robert Ladd, Oro Nevada Mining Company Begins Drilling for Gold
Near Dann Family Home, (Dec. 10, 1996)
<http://www.alphadc.com/wsdp/oro-dann.html>; Scott Robert Ladd, NATIVE-L mailing
list: Western Shoshone Alert: Oro Nevada Begins Drilling near Dann Ranch, (Nov.
21, 1996) <http://bioc02.uthscsa.edu/natnet/archive/nl/9611/0101.html>; Human
Rights: Native American Campaigner Honored, Inter Press Service, Dec. 8, 1993,
available in 1993 WL 2531988 (noting that more than 1000 atomic tests had been
carried out on Western Shoshone land since 1951) [hereinafter Human Rights].
More than 60% of the gold produced in the United States comes from Nevada, and
25% of that total comes from the area referred to by the Bureau of Land
Management as the Elko district, which encompasses the Danns' lands. See Rebecca
Solnit, Savage Dreams: A Journey into the Hidden Wars of the American West 169
(1994). Carrie Dann has described the gold mining on Shoshone aboriginal lands
as follows:



   "To dig under the earth to get to that gold, to pump out that water to get to
that gold, is a crime. It's a crime against humanity, a crime against life ...
we have other things out there-the deer, the eagle, the rabbits. The gold mining
today is going to destroy the life for the future generations."

 Pratap Chatterjee, Sold Down the River, The Guardian (London), Jan. 28, 1998,
Society Section, at 4 (quoting Carrie Dann) (alteration in original).




n12.  21 U.S. (8 Wheat.) 543 (1823).




n13.  See id. at 574; infra Part II.A (discussing Johnson).




n14.  See Johnson, 21 U.S. (8 Wheat.) at 549-50, 590-91; infra notes 45-52 and
accompanying text (discussing Chief Justice Marshall's characterization of
Indians and their way of life).




n15.  See infra Part II.B (discussing the history of Indian agriculture and
women's role in it).




n16.  See infra notes 272-74 and accompanying text (discussing government
officials' attitudes toward Indian women's role in tribal agriculture).




n17.  470 U.S. 39 (1985). Indian women's property rights were also implicated in
another important twentieth-century Supreme Court case, Santa Clara Pueblo v.
Martinez, 436 U.S. 49 (1978). In Martinez, tribal member Julia Martinez argued
that a tribal ordinance denying tribal membership to the children of female
members, but not of male members, who married outside the tribe, violated the
equal protection provision of the Indian Civil Rights Act. See id. at 51-52.
Without tribal membership, the plaintiff's children would have no right to
inherit their mother's home or her possessory rights in tribal communal lands.
See id. at 52-53. The Court reversed the Ninth Circuit's decision in favor of
the plaintiff, holding that the Indian Civil Rights Act did not authorize
actions against the tribe or its leaders in federal court. See id. at 72.




n18.  For example, Wilma Mankiller served as Principal Chief of the Cherokee
Nation from 1985 to 1995. See Marcia Froelke Coburn, Cherokee Chieftain: Wilma
Mankiller Tells of Building Pride in the Tribe and a Vision for the Future, Chi.
Trib., Apr. 17, 1994, 6, at 8; Stacy D. Johnson, Mankiller Won't Seek
Re-Election as Chief, Daily Oklahoman, Apr. 5, 1994, News, at 1, available in
LEXIS, News Library, Papers File; Geoffrey Norman, The Cherokee: Two Nations,
One People, Nat'l Geographic, May 1995, at 72. See generally Wilma Mankiller,
Mankiller: A Chief and Her People (1993) (describing Mankiller's life and the
Cherokee Nation's history). Another prominent Indian woman is environmental
activist and 1996 Green Party vice-presidential candidate Winona LaDuke. See
Winona LaDuke, Like Tributaries to a River, Sierra, Nov.-Dec. 1996, at 38, 45.
She has founded the White Earth Land Recovery Project and the Indigenous Women's
Network. See id. The White Earth Land Recovery Project, on Minnesota-based White
Earth Reservation, has restored over 1000 acres of land. See id. at 40. LaDuke
is a member of the Mississippi Band Anishinabe. See Winona LaDuke, Traditional
Ecological Knowledge and Environmental Futures, 5 Colo. J. Int'l Envtl. L. &
Pol'y 127, 127 (1994). See generally Jon Bowermaster, Earth of a Nation,
Harper's Bazaar, Apr. 1993, at 99, 99 (describing LaDuke's work and life).
LaDuke has recently turned her attention to government efforts to store nuclear
waste on Indian land, including Western Shoshone ancestral land. See David
Rooks, LaDuke Makes Big Bang with Nuclear Message, Indian Country Today, July
13-20, 1998, at A7.




n19.  Dawes Act of 1887, ch. 119, 24 Stat. 388 (codified as amended at 25 U.S.C.
331-334, 339, 341-342, 348-349, 354, 381 (1994)).




n20.  See generally Allison M. Dussias, Ghost Dance and Holy Ghost: The Echoes
of Nineteenth-Century Christianization Policy in Twentieth-Century Native
American Free Exercise Cases, 49 Stan. L. Rev. 773 (1997) (examining the role of
the U.S. government's Christianization policy in modern Indian free exercise
cases).




n21.  For a general analysis of the assimilation policy, see John W. Ragsdale,
Jr., The Movement to Assimilate the American Indians: A Jurisprudential Study,
57 UMKC L. Rev. 399 (1989). See also Christine Bolt, American Indian Policy and
American Reform 71-102 (1987) (discussing assimilationist pressures and
government responses to them from the 1860s to 1920).




n22.  Johnson v. McIntosh, 21 U.S. (8 Wheat.) 543, 591 (1823). In Johnson, Chief
Justice Marshall used the phrase "the actual state of things," referred to in
the heading in a discussion of the proper rule to be applied to the relations
between Indians and whites with respect to land. Id.




n23.  See id. at 589-90.




n24.  Id. at 590.




n25.  See id. at 543. Johnson has been the focus of considerable commentary by
Indian law scholars. See, e.g., Robert A. Williams, Jr., The American Indian in
Western Legal Thought: The Discourses of Conquest 308-17 (1990); Philip P.
Frickey, Marshalling Past and Present: Colonialism, Constitutionalism, and
Interpretation in Federal Indian Law, 107 Harv. L. Rev. 381, 385-90 (1993);
Steven T. Newcomb, The Evidence of Christian Nationalism in Federal Indian Law:
The Doctrine of Discovery, Johnson v. McIntosh, and Plenary Power, 20 Rev. L. &
Soc. Change 303 (1993).




n26.  See Johnson, 21 U.S. (8 Wheat.) at 571-72; see also id. at 550-58
(describing in detail the conveyances to the plaintiffs'
predecessors-in-interest). The Illinois Nation consisted of three united tribes:
the Kaskaskias, the Pewarias, and the Cahoquias. See id. at 548; see also infra
Part II.B.3 (discussing the Illinois Indians). The demand for and speculation in
western lands that led to disputed land claims like the one in Johnson is
discussed in Williams, supra note 23, at 233-307.




n27.  See Johnson, 21 U.S. (8 Wheat.) at 572.




n28.  Id. at 554 (Illinois Indians); id. at 558 (Piankeshaw Indians). The
argument of the plaintiffs, who were represented by Daniel Webster, is
summarized in Williams, supra note 23, at 309-10. See also Johnson, 21 U.S. (8
Wheat.) at 562-67 (describing the plaintiffs' arguments).




n29.  See Johnson, 21 U.S. (8 Wheat.) at 560. The defendants' argument is
summarized in Williams, supra note 23, at 310-11; see also Johnson, 21 U.S. (8
Wheat.) at 567-71 (describing the argument of the defendants).




n30.  Treaty of Peace Between the United States of America and the Tribes of
Indians, called the Wyandots, Delawares, Shawanoes, Ottawas, Chipewas,
Potawatimes, Miamis, Eelriver, Weea's, Kickapoos, Piankashaws, and Kaskaskias,
Aug. 3, 1795, U.S.-Tribes of Indians, 7 Stat. 49; see David H. Getches et al.,
Cases and Materials on Federal Indian Law 63 (4th ed. 1998); see also Reginald
Horsman, Expansion and American Indian Policy, 1783-1812, at 101-03 (1967)
(describing the treaty and its aftermath).




n31.  Johnson, 21 U.S. (8 Wheat.) at 573. Chief Justice Marshall argued that
"the character and religion" of the Indians "afforded an apology for considering
them as a people over whom the superior genius of Europe might claim an
ascendancy," thus using the Indians' status as heathens to explain the
imposition of the Discovery Doctrine on them and their lands. Id. He also noted
that commissions given by the English government authorized the taking
possession of and settlement of lands unknown to and not possessed by Christian
people. See id. at 576-77. See generally Newcomb, supra note 24 (examining the
role that the distinction between Christian and heathen peoples played in the
Discovery Doctrine and in Johnson).




n32.  Johnson, 21 U.S. (8 Wheat.) at 587; see also id. at 585 ("The exclusive
right to purchase from the Indians resided in the government.").




n33.  Id. at 574.




n34.  See id. at 579-80.




n35.  See id. at 584, 588; see also id. at 587 (discussing the United States's
land purchases from France and Spain).




n36.  See id. at 587.




n37.  See id. at 604-05.




n38.  See id. at 573.




n39.  Id. Chief Justice Marshall reiterated this point in two important later
cases, Cherokee Nation v. Georgia, 30 U.S. (5 Pet.) 1 (1831), and Worcester v.
Georgia, 31 U.S. (6 Pet.) 515 (1832). In Cherokee Nation, he explained:



   [The Indians] and their country are considered by foreign nations, as well as
by ourselves, as being so completely under the sovereignty and dominion of the
United States, that any attempt to acquire their lands, or to form a political
connexion with them, would be considered by all as an invasion of our territory,
and an act of hostility.

 Cherokee Nation, 30 U.S. (5 Pet.) at 17-18. In Worcester, he commented that the
Indian nations were excluded "from intercourse with any other European potentate
than the first discoverer of the coast of the particular region claimed and this
was a restriction which those European potentates imposed on themselves, as well
as on the Indians." Worcester, 31 U.S. (6 Pet.) at 559.




n40.  Later Supreme Court cases have used tribes' reduced property rights as the
basis for decreasing their governmental authority over their reservations. See,
e.g., Brendale v. Confederated Tribes and Bands of the Yakima Indian Nation, 492
U.S. 408, 422-25 (1989) (holding that the Yakima Tribe did not have authority to
zone fee lands owned by nonmembers of the tribe in an area of the reservation
that contained almost 50% fee land); Montana v. United States, 450 U.S. 544,
564-65 (1981) (holding that the Crow Tribe did not have authority to regulate
hunting and fishing by non-Indians on land that had been transferred to
non-Indians under allotment acts). The relationship between property rights and
sovereignty in Indian law is explored in Joseph William Singer, Sovereignty and
Property, 86 Nw. U. L. Rev. 1 (1991).




n41.  Johnson, 21 U.S. (8 Wheat.) at 588.




n42.  See id. at 591-92.




n43.  Id. at 591.




n44.  Id. at 589.




n45.  Id. at 588.




n46.  Id. at 590.




n47.  Id.




n48.  Id. at 589-90.




N49.  Id. at 590. In some areas, the "receding" of the Indians may be
explainable by the fact that whites were burning their crops. See, e.g., Thomas
R. Wessel, Agriculture, Indians, and American History, 50 Agric. Hist. 14 (1976)
(describing the destruction of Iroquois crops).




n50.  Johnson, 21 U.S. (8 Wheat.) at 590-91.




n51.  Id. at 569-70; see also id. at 570 ("The lands occupied by each tribe were
not used by them in such a manner as to prevent their being appropriated by a
people of cultivators.").




n52.  See G. Edward White, The Marshall Court & Cultural Change 1815-1835, at
710 (Oxford Univ. Press abridged ed. 1991) (1988); Williams, supra note 25, at
317. White writes about Johnson:



   The message of Johnson v. McIntosh ... was that the natural rights of human
beings to dispose of property that they held by virtue of possession did not
apply to Indians in America... The special principles of Indian-white property
rights were a function of the "character and habits" of the Indians.

 White, supra, at 710. As Professor Williams has explained, "the Doctrine of
Discovery's underlying medievally derived ideology - that normatively divergent
"savage' peoples could be denied rights and status equal to those accorded to
the civilized nations of Europe - had become an integral part of the fabric of
United States federal Indian law." Williams, supra note 25, at 317. In his work,
Professor Williams discusses the medieval origins of the Discovery Doctrine,
which originated during the period of the Crusades. See id. at 13-58.




n53.  Johnson, 21 U.S. (8 Wheat.) at 591.




n54.  See id. at 590.




n55.  See id.




n56.  See id. at 588. This statement also ignored Indians' economic activity as
traders and makers of goods, that is, as merchants and manufacturers. See, e.g.,
Matthew Dennis, Cultivating a Landscape of Peace: Iroquois-European Encounters
in Seventeenth-century America 154-79 (1993) (discussing the extensive trade
between the Iroquois and the Dutch); Daniel K. Richter, The Ordeal of the
Longhouse: The Peoples of the Iroquois League in the Era of European
Colonization 75-104 (1992) (same).




n57.  R. Douglas Hurt, Indian Agriculture in America: Prehistory to the Present
1 (1987).




n58.  See id. at 11. Hurt surmised that if women were the food gatherers in
tribes of the prehistoric period, as ethnological studies have indicated was the
case in the historic period, then because "women ... had a better understanding
of and more interest in the plant world than did men" and "their domestic duties
kept them closer to home on a daily basis, women had a better opportunity to
learn to raise and cultivate certain plants." Id. For a comprehensive history of
Indian agriculture from prehistoric times to the present see generally id. See
also Wessel, supra note 49, at 9 (discussing Indian agriculture in the United
States from the first contact between Indians and Europeans until the early
twentieth century and how the historical significance of Indian agriculture has
been downplayed).




n59.  Jamestown, the first permanent English settlement in the future United
States, was founded in 1607. See Angie Debo, A History of the Indians of the
United States 39 (University of Okla. Press 1985) (1970). Virginia's original
charter included the land at issue in Johnson, land which is now part of the
state of Illinois. See Johnson, 21 U.S. (8 Wheat.) at 547-49.




n60.  See Hurt, supra note 57, at 1.




n61.  See id. at 11.




n62.  See id.; see also infra note 197 (describing the benefits derived from
growing corn, beans, and squash together).




n63.  Joan M. Jensen, Native American Women and Agriculture: A Seneca Case
Study, 3 Sex Roles 423, 423 (1977); see also Linda J. Lacey, The White Man's Law
and the Indian Family in the Assimilation Era, 40 Ark. L. Rev. 327, 335 (1986)
("In most tribes, the women plowed fields ... and grew vegetables ...."); David
D. Smits, The "Squaw Drudge": A Prime Index of Savagism, 29 Ethnohistory 281,
295 (1982) ("Women played the dominant role in most native farming."). For
additional information about the role of Indian women in farming in specific
tribes both east and west of the Mississippi, see Charles Hudson, The
Southeastern Indians 264, 268, 289-313 (1976) (southeastern tribes, including
the Natchez, Cherokee, and Creek); Priscilla Buffalohead, Farmers Warriors
Traders: A Fresh Look at Ojibway Women, 48 Minn. Hist. 236, 239 (1983)
(Ojibways); Martha Harroun Foster, Of Baggage and Bondage: Gender and Status
Among Hidatsa and Crow Women, Am. Indian Culture & Res. J., No. 2, 1993, at 121,
129-31, 133 (Crows and Hidatsas); Harry A. Kersey, Jr. & Helen M. Bannan,
Patchwork and Politics: The Evolving Roles of Florida Seminole Women in the 20th
Century, in Negotiators of Change: Historical Perspectives on Native American
Women 193, 195-97 (Nancy Shoemaker ed., 1995) [hereinafter Negotiators of
Change] (Creeks); Clara Sue Kidwell, Choctaw Women and Cultural Persistence in
Mississippi, in Negotiators of Change, supra, at 115, 118 (Choctaws); Lucy
Eldersveld Murphy, Autonomy and the Economic Roles of Indian Women of the
Fox-Wisconsin River Region, 1763-1832, in Negotiators of Change, supra, at 63,
76-78 (Mesquakies (also called Fox), Sauks, and Winnebagos); Ann Thrift Nelson,
Women in Groups: Women's Ritual Sodalities in Native America, W. Canadian J. of
Anthropology, No. 3, 1976, at 29, 36, 38, 48-49 (Pawnees and Mandans); Theda
Perdue, Cherokee Women and the Trail of Tears, 1 J. Women's Hist. 14, 16 (1989)
[hereinafter Perdue, Trail of Tears] (Cherokees); Theda Perdue, Women, Men and
American Indian Policy: The Cherokee Response to "Civilization", in Negotiators
of Change, supra, at 90, 92-96 [hereinafter Perdue, The Cherokee Response]
(Cherokees); infra Part II.B (Iroquois, Virginia Algonquians, and Illinois
tribes).




n64.  See infra Part II.B.1.




n65.  See infra Part II.B.2.




n66.  See infra Part II.B.3.




n67.  These tribes are fitting subjects for discussion because of their ties to
the Johnson case. The land at issue in Johnson was conveyed to the plaintiffs by
Illinois Indian tribes and lay within the original chartered territory of
Virginia, the aboriginal home of a number of Algonquian tribes that were first
encountered by English settlers in the sixteenth century. The Six Nations of the
Iroquois Confederacy are also considered because they had a long tradition of
agricultural activity, primarily carried on by women, and because they were the
subject of Cadwallader Colden's book, The History of the Five Indian Nations,
which was cited in the facts in Johnson. See Johnson v. McIntosh, 21 U.S. (8
Wheat.) 543, 567 n.a (1823).




n68.  See, e.g., infra notes 111, 113, 199 and accompanying text.




n69.  Johnson v. McIntosh, 21 U.S. (8 Wheat.) 543, 590 (1823); see also Smits,
supra note 63, at 287 (noting how Euro-Americans defended their dispossession of
Indians by disregarding Indian agriculture).




n70.  See infra Part II.B.2 (discussing farming by the Virginia Algonquians). By
Chief Justice Marshall's time, the Virginia Indians no longer existed as a
separate people. See Leonard Baker, John Marshall: A Life in Law 27 (1974).
Chief Justice Marshall grew up in western Virginia, which was considered the
frontier in comparison to the plantations of eastern Virginia. See id. at 11. In
eastern Virginia, the remnants of the area's original inhabitants were
concentrated on small reservations, and the landscape had been altered by the
activities of white settlers by the early eighteenth century. See Stephen R.
Potter, Commoners, Tribute, and Chiefs: The Development of Algonquian Culture in
the Potomac Valley 221, 223 (1993).




n71.  See, e.g., John Smith, Captain John Smith's America: Selections from His
Writings 15-17 (John Lankford ed., 1967) (describing the clearing of land,
planting, weeding, and harvesting, and the role of women in farming).




n72.  See Baker, supra note 70, at 7.




n73.  Cadwallader Colden, The History of the Five Indian Nations of Canada
(Allerton Book Co., Williams-Barker Co. 1904) (Part I 1727, Part II 1747). The
book was published in 1727 and was enlarged in later editions. See 4 Dictionary
of American Biography 286 (Allen Johnson & Dumas Malone eds., 1930).




n74.  See Colden, supra note 73, at xxii, 2. Colden noted that the Indians even
distinguished the seasons of the year in terms of such events as the planting
and ripening of corn. See id. at 132, note.




n75.  See Johnson v. McIntosh, 21 U.S. (8 Wheat.) 543, 567 n.a (1823).




n76.  See Baker, supra note 70, at 13.




n77.  See id. at 83-86.




n78.  See Wessel, supra note 49, at 14.




n79.  See Baker, supra note 70, at 94.




n80.  See id. at 51-55.




n81.  See Wessel, supra note 49, at 14 (discussing Washington's destruction of
Iroquois crops); cf. infra note 273 (noting that Thomas Jefferson wrote about
the labor performed by Indian women).




n82.  David Smits has described this attitude on the part of Captain John Smith
and other Englishmen with respect to the agricultural activities of the Virginia
Algonquians: These observers "simply would not classify a society as
agricultural if its men, who ought to be the main providers as husbandmen, were
not the farmers." Smits, supra note 63, at 285-86. Theda Perdue has described
the same phenomenon with respect to white attitudes toward Cherokee farming,
which was carried on by women: "Virtually all observers discounted cultivation
by women: if only women farmed, then agriculture could not be very important in
the Cherokee economy." Perdue, The Cherokee Response, supra note 63, at 92.




n83.  Johnson v. McIntosh, 21 U.S. (8 Wheat.) 543, 590 (1823).




n84.  See supra note 58 and accompanying text (noting the importance of farming
to the Indian way of life).




n85.  Louisiana, and later states such as Arizona, California, Idaho, Nevada,
New Mexico, Texas, and Washington, which were influenced by French and Spanish
law, adopted the continental system of community property rather than the common
law system. See Roger A. Cunningham et al., The Law of Property 232 (2d ed.
1993). The community property concept relies on the notion that the husband and
wife are equals and form a marital partnership, or community. See id. Each
spouse can own property, whether acquired before or during the marriage, as a
separate individual, and has the power to manage and dispose of his or her
separate property. See id. at 233, 240. Other property is owned together equally
as community property. See id. at 233. For a brief description of the community
property system, see id. at 232-44.




n86.  See Kermit L. Hall et al., American Legal History Cases and Materials 30,
268 (2d ed. 1996).




n87.  See Jesse Dukeminier & James E. Krier, Property 361-62 (4th ed. 1998).




n88.  See id. at 368; see also Hall et al., supra note 86, at 31-32 (discussing
women's property rights in the early United States). These restrictions on
married women's property rights arose early in the United States. In describing
the position of married women and the legal unity of husbands and wives in the
first half-century of English settlement, historian Mary Beth Norton has
explained that "[a] wife's real estate became her husband's to manage; they
could no longer contract with each other; [and] she could not make a will." Mary
Beth Norton, Founding Mothers and Fathers: Gendered Power and the Forming of
American Society 73 (1996). Moreover, married women could not pursue their own
legal interests in court without their husbands' cooperation, and "the only
legal procedure requiring a wife to act independently of her husband was the
obligation that she consent formally and separately to any sale of family-owned
real estate." Id.




n89.  See Dukeminier & Krier, supra note 87, at 363. The first such statutes
were adopted in the territories of Arkansas and Florida in the mid-1830s. See
Hall et al., supra note 86, at 267. The first state to enact such a statute was
Mississippi in 1839. See Dukeminier & Krier, supra note 87, at 363. The New York
statute, adopted in 1848, became the national model. See Hall et al., supra note
86, at 267.




n90.  Johnson v. McIntosh, 21 U.S. (8 Wheat.) 543, 587 (1823).




n91.  Tee-Hit-Ton Indians v. United States, 348 U.S. 272, 284 (1955). In an
opinion that minimized the significance of tribal property rights, the Supreme
Court held in Tee-Hit-Ton that the United States can take lands held by
aboriginal title without any obligation to pay compensation. See id. at 279,
288-89. If, on the other hand, a tribe has "recognized" title, compensation must
be paid. See id. at 277-78 ("Where the Congress by treaty or other agreement has
declared that thereafter Indians were to hold the lands permanently,
compensation must be paid for subsequent taking.").




n92.  Id. at 279.




n93.  See Johnson, 21 U.S. (8 Wheat.) at 574 ("Their power to dispose of the
soil at their own will, to whomsoever they pleased, was denied ...."); id. at
591 (holding that Indians are "incapable of transferring the absolute title [of
their land] to others").




n94.  30 U.S. (5 Pet.) 1 (1831).




n95.  31 U.S. (6 Pet.) 515 (1832).




n96.  See, e.g., Cherokee Nation, 30 U.S. (5 Pet.) at 17 ("They may ... be
denominated domestic dependent nations... They are in a state of pupilage. Their
relation to the United States resembles that of a ward to his guardian. They ...
address the President as their great father."). In Worcester, Chief Justice
Marshall took note of the treaty provisions under which the United States
assumed the role of protector of the Cherokee Nation. See Worcester, 31 U.S. (6
Pet.) at 552, 555.




n97.  Hall et al., supra note 86, at 30 (quoting 1 William Blackstone,
Commentaries *442).




n98.  In Worcester, for example, Chief Justice Marshall explained that treaties
entered into by the United States with Indian tribes provided that the tribes
were under the protection of the United States; this practice, he observed, was
introduced into Indian treaties by Great Britain. See Worcester, 31 U.S. (6
Pet.) at 551-52. In Chief Justice Marshall's view, the Indians still maintained
a right of self-governance, despite receiving the protection of the United
States. See id. at 556.




n99.  Congress has provided by statute that "no purchase, grant, lease, or other
conveyance of lands, or of any title or claim thereto, from any Indian nation or
tribe of Indians, shall be of any validity in law or equity, unless the same be
made by treaty or convention entered into pursuant to the Constitution." 25
U.S.C. 177 (1994). Related Interior Department regulations provide:



   Lands held in trust by the United States for an Indian tribe, lands owned by
a tribe with Federal restrictions against alienation and any other land owned by
an Indian tribe may only be conveyed where specific statutory authority exists
and then only with the approval of the Secretary unless the Act of Congress
authorizing sale provides that approval is unnecessary.

 25 C.F.R. 152.22(b) (1998).




n100.  See, e.g., 25 U.S.C. 396a (1994) (allowing leasing of tribal lands for
mining purposes with the approval of the Secretary of the Interior). The Indian
Mineral Development Act of 1982, Pub. L. No. 97-382, 96 Stat. 1982 (codified at
25 U.S.C. 2101-2108 (1994)), was enacted to increase tribal self-determination
with respect to tribal mineral resources. See Judith V. Royster, Mineral
Development in Indian Country: The Evolution of Tribal Control over Mineral
Resources, 29 Tulsa L.J. 541, 584 (1994). The Act, however, still requires
federal approval of agreements entered into under its provisions. See 25 U.S.C.
2102. For an analysis of the history and current status of the development of
Indian mineral resources, see generally Royster, supra (tracing the roles tribes
have historically played in the mineral development of Indian lands).




n101.  See, e.g., 25 U.S.C. 415 (1994) (providing for the leasing of Indian
lands for public, religious, educational, recreational, residential, business,
grazing purposes, and certain farming purposes, with the approval of the
Secretary of the Interior).




n102.  George S. Snyderman, Concepts of Land Ownership Among the Iroquois and
Their Neighbors, in 149 Smithsonian Institution Bureau Am. Ethnology Bull. 15,
20 (1951) (quoting statement made by Iroquois woman); see Jensen, supra note 63,
at 427 (quoting William L. Stone, The Life and Times of Red Jacket, or
Sa-Go-Ye-Wat-Ha 56 (Scholarly Press 1970) (1841) (quoting same Iroquois woman)).




n103.  1 Joseph Francois Lafitau, Customs of the American Indians Compared with
the Customs of Primitive Times 69 (William N. Fenton & Elizabeth L. Moore eds. &
trans., Champlain Society 1974) (1724) [hereinafter Lafitau, American Indian
Customs]; see also Judith K. Brown, Economic Organization and the Position of
Women Among the Iroquois, 17 Ethnohistory 151, 153 (1970) (quoting 1 Joseph
Francois Lafitau, Moeurs des Sauvages Ameriquains, Comparees aux Moeurs des
Premiers Temps [Customs of the American Indians Compared with the Customs of
Primitive Times] 66-67 (1724)); Renee Jacobs, Note, Iroquois Great Law of Peace
and the United States Constitution: How the Founding Fathers Ignored the Clan
Mothers, 16 Am. Indian L. Rev. 497, 506 (1991) (quoting Lafitau). Professor
Brown notes that it is not clear whether Lafitau was referring to the Iroquois,
or the Huron, or both. See Brown, supra, at 153. The Hurons, like the nations of
the Iroquois Confederacy, are members of the Iroquoian language group. See Debo,
supra note 59, at 9. Speakers of related languages generally had many cultural
traits in common. See Kathleen J. Bragdon, The Northeast Culture Area, in Native
North Americans: An Ethnohistorical Approach 91, 94 (Daniel L. Boxberger ed.,
1990).




n104.  See Debo, supra note 59, at 9 (noting that the Cayugas, Mohawks, Oneidas,
Onondagas, and Senecas were known as the Five Nations).




n105.  See Dennis, supra note 56, at 6-7.




n106.  See id. at 108.




n107.  See id.




n108.  See id. at 26. Archaeologists have not yet determined when Iroquois
agriculture began. Although some archaeologists believe that agricultural
activities on Iroquois lands by the Owasco people, the ancestors of the
Iroquois, may have begun as early as 200 A.D., archaeologists have only been
able to find certain evidence of agricultural life in the so-called Owasco
period of 1000-1300 A.D. See id. at 44-45; see also Richter, supra note 56, at
14-15 (discussing agriculture during the Owasco period).




n109.  See Dennis, supra note 56, at 27.




n110.  See Brown, supra note 103, at 157. Land was cleared by girdling trees and
allowing them to die, and then burning the remaining brush. See Dennis, supra
note 56, at 26; Brown, supra note 103, at 157. Burning provided a number of
other benefits, such as enriching the soil by releasing minerals, stimulating
growth by increasing soil temperature, releasing seeds and encouraging plant
reproduction. See Dennis, supra note 56, at 35.




n111.  See Brown, supra note 103, at 157; see also Hurt, supra note 57, at 40
(describing eastern Indian women's responsibilities in farming). Iroquois men
were often away for long periods of time. See Brown, supra note 103, at 157; see
also Nancy Bonvillain, Gender Relations in Native North America, 13 Am. Indian
Culture & Res. J., No. 2, 1989, at 1, 15 (noting that men were often away on
hunting, trading, or war expeditions).




n112.  See Dennis, supra note 56, at 28.




n113.  See Brown, supra note 103, at 157. Women also fished and sometimes joined
hunting expeditions. See id. After European contact, men also made important
contributions to the Confederacy's economy through trading with Europeans. See
Diane Rothenberg, The Mothers of the Nation: Seneca Resistance to Quaker
Intervention, in Women and Colonization: Anthropological Perspectives 63, 70-71
(Mona Etienne & Eleanor Leacock eds., 1980).




n114.  See Dennis, supra note 56, at 28; Brown, supra note 103, at 160. For a
description of Seneca stories about the origins of cultivation and women's
religious ceremonies performed in connection with agricultural activities, see
Jensen, supra note 63, at 425. There are no transcripts from early Iroquois
women or other Indian women about their role in agriculture. As a result, any
discussion of Indian women's historical agricultural activities must be based on
a careful reading of accounts provided by others. See id. at 424.




n115.  See Brown, supra note 103, at 161.




n116.  See Dennis, supra note 56, at 28; see also id. at 36 ("Maize provided the
basis of [the] Five Nations' subsistence ....").




n117.  See Brown, supra note 103, at 161.




n118.  See Dennis, supra note 56, at 27.




n119.  See id.




n120.  See id. at 28; see also id. at 27 ("Farmers benefitted from the natural
nitrogen fixation that occurs as bacteria develop at the roots of leguminous
plants."); Hurt, supra note 57, at 34 (discussing the benefits of planting beans
with corn); infra note 197 (discussing the benefits derived from growing corn,
beans, and squash together).




n121.  See Dennis, supra note 56, at 27-28.




n122.  See id. at 27.




n123.  See id. at 29 (reprinting an illustration from Lafitau, American Indian
Customs, supra note 103, at plate VII). The women in the fields appear to be
cultivating the soil with hoes and sowing seed. One woman is collecting sap from
trees while another woman is tending three large pots (presumably filled with
sap) which are suspended over fires in a partially open structure. See id.




n124.  See id.




n125.  See Brown, supra note 103, at 158; see also James Axtell, The Invasion
Within: The Contest of Cultures in Colonial North America 324 (1985) (discussing
Mary Jemison's description of Indian women's work).




n126.  See Jacobs, supra note 103, at 501.




n127.  Colden, supra note 73, at xxxii.




n128.  See Wessel, supra note 49, at 14.




n129.  See Brown, supra note 103, at 160; Ann Eastlack Shafer, The Status of
Iroquois Women, in Iroquois Women: An Anthology 71, 83 (Wm. Guy Spittal ed.,
1990). Some observers, however, claimed that Iroquois women owned the land and
village sites. See J.N.B. Hewitt, Status of Women in Iroquois Polity Before
1784, in 1932 Annual Report of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian
Institution 475, 480, 487 (1933) (discussing the Iroquois women's ownership of
the land); Elisabeth Tooker, Women in Iroquois Society, in Extending the
Rafters: Interdisciplinary Approaches to Iroquoian Studies 116 (Michael K.
Foster et al. eds., 1984) (discussing land ownership in Iroquois society); see
also supra note 102 and accompanying text (quoting a speech indicating that
Iroquois women owned the land).




n130.  See Snyderman, supra note 102, at 17.




n131.  See Tooker, supra note 129, at 109, 116. The Iroquois's focus on use as
the basis for property rights is not unique among Indian tribes. See, e.g.,
Begay v. Keedah, 19 Indian L. Rep. (Am. Indian Law. Training Program) 6021, 6023
(Navajo 1991) (discussing the "use it or lose it" aspect of Navajo land tenure).
One area of American property law does focus on continuous use as the basis for
property rights. Under the doctrine of adverse possession, a person who
continuously occupies another's land gains title to it under certain
circumstances. See generally Cunningham et al., supra note 85, at 807-15
(discussing adverse possession).




n132.  Harold E. Fey & D'Arcy McNickle, Indians and Other Americans: Two Ways of
Life Meet 21 (rev. ed. 1970); see also Snyderman, supra note 102, at 15 (noting
that for Indians, "land is neither an item of booty to be won or lost nor a
commodity to be bought or sold").




n133.  See Tooker, supra note 129, at 116.




n134.  See Shafer, supra note 129, at 83 (noting that women cultivated both the
fields of their clan and their own individual fields).




n135.  See id.




n136.  See id. at 83-84 (noting that "the land itself could not be inherited,
[but] the right to use [and occupy] it could be passed on").




n137.  In Johnson, Chief Justice Marshall described property rights as being
defined by society: "The right of society, to prescribe those rules by which
property may be acquired and preserved is not, and cannot be drawn into question
...." Johnson v. McIntosh, 21 U.S. (8 Wheat.) 543, 572 (1823).




n138.  See generally Cunningham et al., supra note 85, at 2-7 (discussing
ownership and rights accompanying ownership).




n139.  See Snyderman, supra note 102, at 17, 19 (stating that neither
individuals nor the tribe could sell the land).




n140.  See Rothenberg, supra note 113, at 68; see also Wilcomb E. Washburn, Red
Man's Land - White Man's Law: A Study of the Past and Present Status of the
American Indian 143-45 (1971) (describing the introduction of European real
property concepts to the Americas, including the idea that land could be sold).




n141.  See Brown, supra note 103, at 162.




n142.  See, e.g., Hewitt, supra note 129, at 487 (discussing the Iroquois
women's ownership of the land); Tooker, supra note 129, at 116 (discussing land
ownership in Iroquois society).




n143.  John Locke, Second Treatise of Government - An Essay Concerning the True
Original Extent and End of Civil Government 18 (C.G. MacPherson ed., Hackett
Publ'g Co. 1980) (1689).




n144.  Id. at 9.




n145.  Id.




n146.  Id. at 21.




n147.  See Johnson v. McIntosh, 21 U.S. (8 Wheat.) 543, 569 n.b, 570 n.a (1823)
(citing Locke, supra note 143, at ch.5, 26, 34-48) The defendants cited Locke as
authority for denying Indian property rights:



   According to every theory of property, the Indians had no individual rights
to land; nor had they any collectively, or in their national capacity; for the
lands occupied by each tribe were not used by them in such a manner as to
prevent their being appropriated by a people of cultivators.

 Id. at 570 n.a (citing Locke, supra note 143, at ch.5, 26, 34-40).




n148.  See supra notes 45-52 (discussing the Johnson Court's view of Indian
land-use patterns).




n149.  Locke, supra note 143, at 9.




n150.  Id. at 25-26.




n151.  Id. at 23; see also Robert A. Williams, Jr., The Medieval and Renaissance
Origins of the Status of the American Indian in Western Legal Thought, 37 S.
Cal. L. Rev. 1, 3 n.4 (1983) (discussing Locke's application of the labor theory
to Indians).




n152.  See generally Carol M. Rose, Possession as the Origin of Property, 52 U.
Chi. L. Rev. 73, 74 (1985) (discussing the possession or occupancy theory of
property ownership). Rose notes that the labor and possession theories have some
characteristics in common. See id. at 74 n.8. Locke's description of the Indians
and their use of land seems to implicate both theories. See supra notes 149-51
and accompanying text (discussing Locke).




n153.  See Rose, supra note 152, at 75.




n154.  See id. at 76-77.




n155.  See Johnson v. McIntosh, 21 U.S. (8 Wheat.) 543, 590 (1823). Although the
Court did not directly address possession as a basis for title, possession was
addressed by the defendants. See id. at 569-70. The Court regarded the Indians'
occupancy (the nature of which it mischaracterized) only as the basis for the
so-called "title of occupancy." See id. at 587; supra notes 90-93 (discussing
"title of occupancy"). See also Rose, supra note 152, at 85-87 (discussing the
Court's application of the possession theory in Johnson).




n156.  See Tooker, supra note 129, at 114.




n157.  In a matrilocal residence pattern, the husband lives with the wife's
family. See Richter, supra note 56, at 20. In a matrilineal kinship system, the
lineage is traced through the female line. See id.




n158.  See Tooker, supra note 129, at 114. Each longhouse was approximately 20
feet wide, but its length depended on how many families lived in it. See id; see
also Richter, supra note 56, at 20 (describing the matrilocal residence pattern
and situations in which the matrilocal residence practice might not be
followed).




n159.  See Richter, supra note 56, at 20; Brown, supra note 103, at 156.




n160.  See Dennis, supra note 56, at 28; see also Diane Rothenberg, Erosion of
Power: An Economic Basis for the Selective Conservatism of Seneca Women in the
Nineteenth Century, 6 W. Canadian J. of Anthropology, No. 3, 1976, at 106, 112
(noting that the longhouses were owned by women and transmitted through the
matrilineal clan).




n161.  Brown, supra note 103, at 156.




n162.  See Dennis, supra note 56, at 7.




n163.  See Tooker, supra note 129, at 116; see also Lacey, supra note 63, at 336
(noting that Indian women usually owned the home); supra note 111 (noting
Iroquois men's lengthy absences from home (and hence from the longhouses)).




n164.  See Brown, supra note 103, at 156.




n165.  Kathleen M. Brown, The Anglo-Algonquian Gender Frontier, in Negotiators
of Change, supra note 63, at 26, 33 (quoting John Smith, Description of
Virginia, in Narratives of Early Virginia 1606-1625, at 96, 101 (Lyon Gardiner
Tyler ed., 1907)).




n166.  See Christian F. Feest, Virginia Algonquians, in 15 Handbook of North
American Indians 253, 253 (Bruce G. Trigger vol. ed. & William G. Sturtevant
general ed., 1978). The tidewater region is divided into four peninsulas by the
Potomac, Rappahanock, York, and James Rivers. See id. The term "tidewater"
refers to the ebb and flow of the tide in these rivers. See Potter, supra note
70, at 8.




n167.  See Feest, supra note 166, at 254. The French are the other likely
candidates. See Potter, supra note 70, at 161; see also Nancy Oestreich Lurie,
Indian Cultural Adjustment to European Civilization, in Seventeenth-Century
America: Essays in Colonial History 33, 34-35 (James Morton Smith ed., 1959)
[hereinafter Seventeenth-Century America] (describing Spanish and French
contacts).




n168.  See Potter, supra note 70, at 8. Earlier English contacts were made in
the 1580s. See id. at 162 (stating that English exploration began in 1585);
Feest, supra note 166, at 254 (noting that the English colonists of Roanoke made
contact in 1584).




n169.  See Potter, supra note 70, at 1.




n170.  See Lurie, supra note 167, at 40 (noting that about 30 tribes, including
most importantly the Appomattoc, Arrohattoc, Mattaponi, Pamunkey, Powhatan, and
Youghtanund, were subject to Powhatan's influence or control).




n171.  See Feest, supra note 166, at 255. According to Smith's accounts,
Powhatan held the title of mamanatowick, meaning "great king." Potter, supra
note 70, at 14. Powhatan's subordinates, the district chiefs (known as
werowances if they were men and weroansquas if they were women), governed the
local chiefdoms. See id. For a further description of the political organization
of Powhatan's chiefdom, see id. at 14-19. The precise nature of Powhatan's
chiefdom is the subject of scholarly debate. While Thomas Jefferson referred to
the Virginia Algonquians as the "Powhatan Confederacy," a term that became
entrenched in the scholarly literature on the subject, Nancy Oestreich Lurie has
argued that in 1607 Powhatan was in reality "in the process of building
something that approximated an empire." Lurie, supra note 167, at 40. Moreover,
Helen Rountree has argued that "Confederacy" is inaccurate and prefers to refer
to Powhatan's chiefdom as a "sophisticated government." Helen C. Rountree,
Pocahantas's People: The Powhattan Indians of Virginia Through Four Centuries 3
(1990). Other historians have referred to Powhatan's "mantle of authority." See,
e.g., Brown, supra note 165, at 26, 43 n.4; Peter H. Wood et al., Introduction
to Powhatan's Mantle: Indians in the Colonial Southeast, at xv (Peter H. Wood et
al. eds., 1989).




n172.  The villages varied in size from a few to up to 100 houses. See Feest,
supra note 166, at 259.




n173.  See Potter, supra note 70, at 28-29.




n174.  See supra notes 156-64 and accompanying text (describing the Iroquois
longhouses). The Virginia Algonquian houses were constructed from arched poles
covered with bark or reed mats. See Feest, supra note 166, at 259. Some villages
also had mortuary temples, which contained the remains of chiefs and were also
used to store goods received by chiefs as tribute. See Potter, supra note 70, at
26.




n175.  See Potter, supra note 70, at 29. A few villages were enclosed within
protective palisades. See id.; Feest, supra note 166, at 259.




n176.  See Wilcomb E. Washburn, The Moral and Legal Justifications for
Dispossessing the Indians, in Seventeenth-Century America, supra note 167, at
15, 23; see also Brown, supra note 165, at 32-33 (describing English opinions of
the Algonquians' division of labor); Smits, supra note 63, at 285 (describing
English accounts of Indian fields).




n177.  Smith, supra note 71, at 15.




n178.  See Potter, supra note 70, at 33; see also Smith, supra note 71, at 15
("To prepare the ground they do bruise the bark of the trees near the root, then
do they scorch the roots with fire [so] that they grow no more."). The year
after a field was burned, the Indians further prepared the area around the tree
stumps by working it with wooden tools. See Smith, supra note 71, at 15.




n179.  See Potter, supra note 70, at 33. Leaving some of the trees standing, and
not removing the stumps of the trees that were cut down, also retarded erosion,
while the decaying stumps and roots replenished the nutrients in the soil. See
id.




n180.  See id.; Smith, supra note 71, at 15 ("They make a hole in the earth with
a stick, and into it they put four grains of wheat [corn] and two of beans.").
Planting beans with the corn helped to replenish the nitrogen content of the
soil, the fertility of which could be damaged by continued planting of corn. See
Potter, supra note 70, at 33; see also infra note 197 (describing the benefits
derived from growing corn, beans, and squash together).




n181.  See Smith, supra note 71, at 16 (describing the planting of pumpkins
"amongst their corn").




n182.  See id. at 15 (describing weeding by women and children).




n183.  See Potter, supra note 70, at 40; see also Smith, supra note 71, at 16
(describing various ways in which corn was consumed).




n184.  See Potter, supra note 70, at 180.




n185.  See id. at 180-82. Copper was highly prized by the Algonquians as a
symbol of authority. See id. at 180. Prior to the arrival of Europeans, the
Algonquians obtained copper from several sources, including the region of the
Great Lakes. See id. at 181. The Jamestown colonists brought copper to Virginia,
and its abundance ultimately led to devaluation. See id. at 181-82.




n186.  See id. at 221. "Short-fallow, plow agriculture," for example, was one
method of English farming. Id.




n187.  See Francis Jennings, The Invasion of America: Indians, Colonialism, and
the Cant of Conquest 80 (W.W. Norton & Co. 1976) (1975). One Jamestown colonist,
for example, gloated over an Algonquian uprising in the following terms:



   "We, who hitherto have had possession of no more ground than their waste, and
our purchase ... may now by right of Warre, and law of Nations, invade the
Country, and destroy them who sought to destroy us: whereby wee shall enjoy
their cultivated places, turning the laborious Mattocke into the victorious
Sword (wherein there is more both ease, benefit, and glory) and possessing the
fruits of others['] labours. Now their cleared grounds in all their villages
(which are situate in the fruitfullest places of the land) shall be inhabited by
us, whereas heretofore the grubbing of woods was the greatest labour."

 Id. (quoting Edward Waterhouse, A Declaration of the State of the Colony and
Affairs in Virginia (1622), in 3 The Records of the Virginia Company of London
1607-1622, at 541, 556-57 (Susan Myra Kingsbury ed., 1933)) (alteration in
original).




n188.  See Potter, supra note 70, at 185, 188. Tobacco production grew from
132,000 pounds in 1626 to over one million pounds in 1629. See id. at 188.




n189.  See id. at 196.




n190.  See id. at 221.




n191.  Archaeologists have noted how seventeenth-century English settlements
followed Algonquian settlement patterns and have attributed this to the
colonists' taking advantage of the effects of Algonquian agricultural activity
on the land. See id. at 220-21. Increasing English colonization led to groups of
Algonquians leaving voluntarily, being forced out, or being placed on
reservations established by the colonial government. See id. at 221. By the
early eighteenth century, the English were so well-established that the
remaining Algonquians were living in a "colonial landscape." Id. at 223.




n192.  Hurt, supra note 57, at 36 (quoting Nicholas Perrot, a French commander
in the Old Northwest during 1680-1718). The Old Northwest was the area bounded
by the Appalachian Mountains, the Ohio River, the Great Lakes, and the
Mississippi River. See Richard A. Bartlett, The New Country: A Social History of
the American Frontier, 1776-1890, at 5 (1974).




n193.  See Charles Callender, Illinois, in 15 Handbook of North American
Indians, supra note 166, at 673, 673.




n194.  See id. These tribes were identified in the facts set out in Johnson as
the Cahoquias, Kaskaskias, and Pewarias. See Johnson v. McIntosh, 21 U.S. (8
Wheat.) 543, 548 (1823).




n195.  See Callender, supra note 193, at 673.




n196.  See id. Additional settlements were located in eastern Iowa, eastern
Missouri, western and northern Illinois, and northeastern Arkansas. See id.




n197.  See Hurt, supra note 57, at 11. The nutrients made available by combining
corn and beans provided a healthy diet. Beans complement corn by adding two
amino acids, lysine and tryptophan, to zein, the amino acid which is present in
corn, to form "a protein of high nutritional value." Id. at 7. Corn, beans, and
squash also grow well when planted together. The beans replace the nitrogen that
corn depletes from the soil. See id. at 40. The cornstalks provide natural
stakes on which the beans can climb, and the squash vines discourage the growth
of weeds by covering the ground at the base of the cornstalks. See id.; see also
William Cronon, Changes in the Land: Indians, Colonists, and the Ecology of New
England 43-44 (1983) (describing Samuel de Champlain's observations of Indians
planting corn, beans, and squash, and the agricultural and nutritional benefits
of combining these crops); id. at 48 (describing the benefits of planting beans
with corn); Potter, supra note 70, at 33 (describing how corn and beans were
planted together by seventeenth-century Algonquians in the Virginia-Maryland
tidewater and how beans replenished the nitrogen content of the soil); supra
notes 119-20 and accompanying text (describing the Iroquois's planting of corn,
beans, and squash together).




n198.  See Callender, supra note 193, at 674.




n199.  See id.; see also Hurt, supra note 57, at 40 (explaining that among
eastern Indians in general, the men prepared the soil for planting, while the
women planted, weeded, and harvested).




n200.  See Callender, supra note 193, at 674. The women planted the corn in May
and harvested it in July and August. See id. The Illinois also grew pumpkins,
which were hollowed out, sliced, and then dried, and watermelons. See Hurt,
supra note 57, at 35. The dried pumpkin kept for several months and was cooked
with meat and corn. See id.




n201.  See Clarence Walworth Alvord, The Illinois Country 1673-1818, at 39 (John
Francis Bannon ed., Loyola Univ. Press 1965) (1922).




n202.  See Hurt, supra note 57, at 35 (describing observations made by several
Frenchmen).




n203.  This was a common practice among the Indians of the Midwest. See id. at
37. The storage pits were typically eight feet in diameter and from five to six
feet deep with an opening two to three feet wide. See id.; see also Alvord,
supra note 201, at 40 (noting that the Illinois Indians stored their crops in
pits).




n204.  See Alvord, supra note 201, at 42.




n205.  See id. at 41-42.




n206.  See id. at 41.




n207.  See supra note 156 and accompanying text (describing the Iroquois
longhouses).




n208.  See supra notes 45-56 and accompanying text (discussing the Johnson
Court's depiction of Indian land-use patterns).




n209.  1879 Board of Indian Commissioners Ann. Rep. 6.




n210.  See supra notes 31-40 and accompanying text (discussing the Discovery
Doctrine).




n211.  See Johnson v. McIntosh, 21 U.S. (8 Wheat.) 543, 587 (1823).




n212.  See id. at 574 (noting that under the Discovery Doctrine, tribes had "a
legal as well as just claim ... to use [the land] according to their own
discretion").




n213.  See id. at 587.




n214.  This policy was embodied in the General Allotment Act of 1887. See infra
notes 220-307 and accompanying text.




n215.  For a discussion of the assimilation movement, see generally Ragsdale,
supra note 21. Professor Ragsdale also discusses the assimilationists' efforts
to impose private ownership of land. See id. at 404, 406-07, 411-15.




n216.  1900 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Doc. No. 5, 56th
Cong., 2d Sess. 49.




n217.  Dawes Act of 1887, ch. 119, 24 Stat. 388 (codified as amended at 25
U.S.C. 331-334, 339, 341-342, 348-349, 354, 381 (1994)).




n218.  See Ragsdale, supra note 21, at 411-13 (discussing assimilationists'
attitudes toward communal and individual land ownership); see also infra notes
227-44 and accompanying text (discussing the Dawes Act and the attitudes toward
land ownership underlying it).




n219.  D.S. Otis, The Dawes Act and the Allotment of Indian Lands 10-11 (Francis
Paul Prucha ed., 1973) (quoting Statement of Senator Henry L. Dawes, Third
Annual Meeting of the Lake Mohonk Conference (1885), reprinted in 1886 Board of
Indian Commissioners Ann. Rep., reprinted in H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1, pt. 5, 49th
Cong. 1st Sess., app. at 819, 840). Otis's work was originally published in 1934
in Readjustment of Indian Affairs: Hearings on H.R. 7902 Before the House of
Representatives' Comm. on Indian Affairs, 73d Cong., 428-89 (1934).




n220.  See Otis, supra note 219, at 3. In 1875, Congress also extended
homesteading privileges to the Indians. See id. at 3-4. For an examination of
pre-Dawes Act allotments to members of a particular tribe, see Howard W.
Paulson, The Allotment of Land in Severalty to the Dakota Indians Before the
Dawes Act, 1 S.D. Hist. 132 (1970).




n221.  See Dawes Act of 1887, ch. 119, 1, 24 Stat. 388, 388 (codified as amended
at 25 U.S.C. 331 (1994)); Otis, supra note 219, at 6-7. Indians were to select
their allotments within four years after the President directed that their
reservation was to be allotted, in default of which government agents would make
the selections for them. See Dawes Act of 1887, ch. 119, 2, 24 Stat. 388, 388
(codified as amended at 25 U.S.C. 332 (1994)). Certain Indian lands, including
the lands of the Five Civilized Tribes in the Indian Territory, were not covered
by the Act. See id. 8, 24 Stat. at 391. These tribes had vigorously opposed
allotment and succeeded, apparently with the help of white lessees of land in
the Indian Territory, in being exempted from the Act. See Otis, supra note 219,
at 42-43. Their lands, however, were later made subject to allotment under other
statutes. See Wessel, supra note 49, at 17-18. The "Five Civilized Tribes" were
the Cherokees, Chickasaws, Choctaws, Creeks, and Seminoles; the first four were
removed to the Indian Territory (along with some Seminoles) in the 1830s. See
Debo, supra note 59, at 117-26 (discussing removal); id. at 128 (discussing the
term "Five Civilized Tribes"). For an examination of the Cherokees' opposition
to allotment both before and after the enactment of the Dawes Act, see Tom Holm,
Indian Lobbyists: Cherokee Opposition to the Allotment of Tribal Lands, 5 Am.
Indian Q. 115 (1979). Cherokee lands were allotted later in the nineteenth
century. See id. at 127-30; see also Leonard A. Carlson, Indians, Bureaucrats,
and Land: The Dawes Act and the Decline of Indian Farming 14-15 (1981)
(discussing the allotment of the Five Civilized Tribes' land in the Indian
Territory). The Dawes Act also provided for Indians not residing on reservations
to receive allotments of "lands of the United States not otherwise appropriated"
on which they settled. Dawes Act of 1887, ch. 119, 4, 24 Stat. 388, 390
(codified as amended at 25 U.S.C. 348 (1994)). Such Indians and their children
were to receive allotments in the same quantity and manner as was provided for
Indians residing on reservations. See id.




n222.  See Dawes Act of 1887, ch. 119, 5, 24 Stat. 388, 390 (codified as amended
at 25 U.S.C. 348 (1994)); Otis, supra note 219, at 7. At the end of the trust
period for allotted land, the United States would "convey the same by patent to
said Indian ... in fee, discharged of said trust and free of all charge or
incumbrance whatsoever." Dawes Act 5, 24 Stat. 388, 390 (codified as amended at
25 U.S.C. 348 (1994)). The Dawes Act allowed the President to lengthen the trust
period. See id. at 389. The Burke Act of 1906, which amended section six of the
Dawes Act, allowed the government to shorten the trust period. See Burke Act of
1906, ch. 2348, 34 Stat. 182, 183 (codified as amended at 25 U.S.C. 349 (1994));
Carlson, supra note 221, at 13.




n223.  See Dawes Act of 1887, ch. 119, 6, 24 Stat. 388, 390 (codified as amended
at 25 U.S.C. 348 (1994)); Otis, supra note 219, at 7.




n224.  See Dawes Act of 1887, ch. 119, 5, 24 Stat. 388, 390 (codified as amended
at 25 U.S.C. 348 (1994)). Such negotiations could take place prior to the
allotment of land to all members of a tribe "if in the opinion of the President
it shall be for the best interests of said tribe." Id. No settler could receive
more than 160 acres of the surplus land. See id. Purchases of surplus land had
to be ratified by Congress. See id. Money paid by the United States to purchase
land from a tribe was to be held in the U.S. Treasury for the use of the tribe,
and such money, "with interest thereon at three per cent per annum," was to be
"at all times subject to appropriation by Congress for the education and
civilization of such tribe." Id.




n225.  See Carlson, supra note 221, at 109.




n226.  See id. at 29-76 (discussing how land was allotted to the Indians); see
also Leonard A. Carlson, Federal Policy and Indian Land: Economic Interests and
the Sale of Indian Allotments, 1900-1934, 57 Agric. Hist. 33, 38-39 (1983)
(discussing the limitations placed on land allotments). Whites also sought to
influence which tracts were allotted to Indians to ensure that the best lands
were sold as surplus lands. See Otis, supra note 219, at 145-48 (discussing
white influence on the designation of allotments).




n227.  See Otis, supra note 219, at 3-6.




n228.  See Otis, supra note 219, at 5, 9; see also Lyman Abbott, Criticism of
the Reservation System, excerpt reprinted in Americanizing the American Indians:
Writings by the "Friends of the Indian" 1880-1900, at 31, 34-35 (Francis Paul
Prucha ed., Bison Books 1978) (1973) [hereinafter Americanizing the American
Indians] (arguing that the reservation system should be abolished and tribal
land should be allotted); Dussias, supra note 20, at 819-20 (discussing the
allotment policy and its supposed links to civilization).




n229.  1887 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, Exec. Doc. No.1, pt. 5,
50th Cong., 1st Sess. 12.




n230.  1889 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1, pt.
5, 51st Cong., 1st Sess. 204 (report of Leo E. Bennett, Union Agency, Sept. 21,
1889).




n231.  Id. at 117 (report of Henry George, Colorado River Agency, July 30,
1889).




n232.  See Otis, supra note 219, at 4, 11, 85.




n233.  1888 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1, pt.
5, 50th Cong., 2d Sess. at lxxxix. For a contemporary argument for the
superiority of individual property rights, see Jennifer Roback, Exchange,
Sovereignty, and Indian-Anglo Relations, in Property Rights and Indian Economies
5, 6 (Terry L. Anderson ed., 1992). Roback notes that economic theorists claim
private, that is, individual, property rights are more productive than, and
hence superior to, communal or collective rights. See id.; see also Gary D.
Libecap, Government Policies on Property Rights to Land: U.S. Implications for
Agricultural Development in Mexico, 60 Agric. Hist. 32, 36 (1986) (arguing that
collective property rights create efficiency problems).




n234.  1888 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1, pt.
5, 50th Cong., 2d Sess., at lxxxix. The 1887 Report of the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs described communal ownership, and other aspects of the Indians'
existing tribal relations, as being so opposed to progress toward civilization
that even New England Yankees would be pauperized under similar conditions:



   Take the most prosperous and energetic section of our country - New England;
give them their lands in common, furnish them annuities of food and clothing,
send them teachers to teach their children, preachers to preach the gospel,
farmers to till their lands, and physicians to heal their sick, and I predict
that in a few years, a generation or two at most, their manhood would be
smothered, and a race of shiftless paupers would succeed the now universally
known "enterprising Yankee."

 1887 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, Exec. Doc. No.1, pt. 5, 50th
Cong., 1st Sess. 7; see also Ragsdale, supra note 21, at 403 (noting that
competitive individualism was to replace the communalistic, cooperative
orientation of tribal society).




n235.  See infra notes 284-89 and accompanying text (discussing efforts to
replace the Indians' extended family structure with nuclear families).




n236.  See, e.g., 1881 Board of Indian Commissioners Ann. Rep. 8 (stating that
allotment "will inspire the Indian with new faith in our government; it will
encourage him to greater effort toward a nobler and better life; it will secure
to him the integrity of the family and the home - the unit of Christian
civilization"); Carlson, supra note 221, at 80 ("The idea of private property
was closely linked in [the reformers'] minds to Protestant Christian virtues
...."); Dussias, supra note 20, at 819-23 (discussing the relationship between
allotment and the Christianization policy); Ragsdale, supra note 21, at 404-05
(discussing the "replacement of tribal deities with the Christian God").




n237.  See Otis, supra note 219, at 13.




n238.  See, e.g., 1889 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc.
No.1, pt. 5, 51st Cong., 1st Sess. 204 (report of Leo E. Bennett, Union Agency,
Sept. 21, 1889) (describing the threat posed by immigrants who were becoming
domiciled on Indian lands). In some areas, Indian "non-use" of tribal land for
farming may have resulted from destruction of Indian crops by whites who then
argued that they should have access to the unused land. See Wessel, supra note
49, at 14.




n239.  See Otis, supra note 219, at 30.




n240.  Id. (quoting Fifth Annual Report of the Indian Rights Association 38
(Philadelphia, Office of the Indian Rights Ass'n 1887)). In addition to the
Indian Rights Association, other groups supporting allotment included the
Women's National Indian Association and the participants in the annual Lake
Mohonk Conference. See id. at 33-37. For brief descriptions of the Indian Rights
Association, the Women's National Indian Association, and the Lake Mohonk
Conference, see id. at 33-36, 162 n.21.




n241.  See id. at 13, 20. By the end of the 1880s, the last of the most
desirable homesteads on non-Indian land had already been claimed, leading to
increased pressure for access to Indian lands. See id. at 19; see also id. at
22-30 (discussing the expansion of the railroads and its effect on Indian
lands).




n242.  Senator Teller, for example, argued that allotment was in the interest of
land speculators and described an earlier allotment bill as ""a bill to despoil
the Indians of their lands and to make them vagabonds on the face of the
earth.'" Id. at 18 (quoting 11 Cong. Rec. 934 (1881) (statement of Senator
Teller)). In 1880, the minority report of the House Indian Affairs Committee
commented on the earlier bill as follows:



   The real aim of this bill is to get at the Indian lands and open them up to
settlement. The provisions for the apparent benefit of the Indian are but the
pretext to get at his lands and occupy them... If this were done in the name of
Greed, it would be bad enough; but to do it in the name of Humanity, and under
the cloak of an ardent desire to promote the Indian's welfare by making him like
ourselves, whether he will or not, is infinitely worse.

 Id. at 19 (quoting H.R. Rep. No. 46-1576, at 10 (1880)).




n243.  See infra note 268 and accompanying text (describing the loss of land
resulting from the program).




n244.  Otis, supra note 219, at 17.




n245.  See id. at 40.




n246.  Agents reported Indian demand for allotment as early as 1876, with such
activity increasing up to 1887. See id. For examples of reports of Indian demand
for allotment after 1887, see id. at 89.




n247.  Agents and others may have been influenced in their estimations of the
success and acceptance of allotment efforts by their knowledge that their job
was to further the allotment program. See id. at 26.




n248.  See id. at 89-90.




n249.  See id. at 41, 48-49.




n250.  Id. at 41-42 (quoting Alice C. Fletcher & Francis LaFlesche, The Omaha
Tribe, in Twenty-Seventh Annual Report of the Bureau of American Ethnology 15,
637 (1911) (quoting Omaha Tribe member)). For other possible explanations of
Indian allotment support, such as the desire for the prosperity and prestige
that some Indians believed allotment would bring, see id. at 90-91.




n251.  See id. at 44. The tribes may also have been influenced by the failure of
some of the previous allotment efforts. See id. at 49-56 (describing the
allotment of the land of some tribes, such as the Omahas, Creeks, Catawbas, and
Chippewas; Indian opposition to farming and allotment; and the loss of Indian
land resulting from allotment).




n252.  See Lacey, supra note 63, at 339; see also Holm, supra note 221, at
115-16 (describing the unbalancing of order and harmony that would result from
allotment). Indians, including Indian women, had also expressed opposition to
earlier allotment efforts aimed at specific tribes. For example, in 1818,
Cherokee women voiced opposition to the proposed allotment of Cherokee land:



   "We have heard with painful feelings that the bounds of the land we now
possess are to be drawn into very narrow limits. The land was given to us by the
Great Spirit above as our common right, to raise our children upon, & to make
support for our rising generations. We therefore humbly petition our beloved
children, the head men and warriors, to hold to the last in support of our
common rights ...."

 Perdue, Trail of Tears, supra note 63, at 19 (quoting Message of Cherokee Women
to the Cherokee National Council, Brainerd Journal, June 30, 1818, Papers of the
American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions, Houghton Library, Harvard
University).




n253.  Otis, supra note 219, at 12 (quoting 11 Cong. Rec. 781 (1881) (quoting a
tribal chief)).




n254.  See id. at 53. A Blackfoot chief expressed similar sentiments in
rejecting a proposed treaty: ""We cannot sell the lives of man or animals;
therefore we cannot sell this land. It was put here for us by the Great Spirit,
and we cannot sell it because it does not belong to us.'" Lacey, supra note 63,
at 339 (quoting Blackfoot chief).




n255.  See Otis, supra note 219, at 88-91.




n256.  See id. at 91. For an examination of one tribe's opposition to allotment
after the enactment of the Dawes Act, see generally The Prairie Potawatomie:
Resistance to Allotment, The Indian Historian, Fall 1976, at 27, 27-31. See also
infra notes 379-83 and accompanying text (discussing field matrons' comments on
Indian reactions to allotment).




n257.  See Otis, supra note 219, at 92-93.




n258.  See id. at 93-95; see also 1889 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1, pt. 5, 51st Cong., 1st Sess. 204 (report of Leo E.
Bennett, Union Agency, Sept. 21, 1889) ("The greatest opposition among the true
Indians arises from an apprehension that allotment means dissolution of the
tribal autonomy ....").




n259.  Otis, supra note 219, at 45.




n260.  1887 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, Exec. Doc. No.1, pt. 5,
50th Cong., 1st Sess. 8.




n261.  Id.




n262.  Id. "Squaw men" was the name given by government officials to white men
who married Indian women. See infra notes 304-06 and accompanying text
(discussing "squaw men").




n263.  1887 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, Exec. Doc. No.1, pt. 5,
50th Cong., 1st Sess. 8.




n264.  Otis, supra note 219, at 96 (quoting 1888 Report of Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1, pt. 5, 50th Cong., 2d Sess. 70).




n265.  1887 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, Exec. Doc. No.1, pt. 5,
50th Cong., 1st Sess. 12.




n266.  See Otis, supra note 219, at 87.




n267.  See 1900 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Doc. No. 5, 56th
Cong., 2d Sess. 677. By comparison, in 1887, the government reported that
237,265 acres were cultivated during the year by Indians (while white intruders
occupied 256,990 acres of Indian land); that 4927 Indians were living upon and
cultivating allotted lands; and that 23,047 Indian families were engaged in
agriculture. See 1887 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, Exec. Doc. No.1,
pt. 5, 50th Cong., 1st Sess. 460-61.




n268.  See Indian Reorganization Act of 1934, ch. 576, 1, 48 Stat. 984, 984
(codified as amended at 25 U.S.C. 461 (1994)) (prohibiting allotments in
severalty); Otis, supra note 219, at 87.




n269.  See Thomas R. Wessel, Agent of Acculturation: Farming on the Northern
Plains Reservations, 1880-1910, Agric. Hist., Spring 1986, at 233, 233-34.




n270.  See id. at 234 (noting that "by 1880 most American farmers had already
abandoned the parochial Jeffersonian model of independent self-sufficiency
toward becoming petty capitalists producing for national and international
markets").




n271.  See id. at 234-37, 242-43; see also 1889 Report of Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1, pt. 5, 51st Cong., 1st Sess. 116 (report of Henry
George, Colorado River Agency, July 30, 1889) (reporting that the dryness of
reservation land made profitable farming "out of the question" without
irrigation). The Commissioner admitted in his 1890 report that "great portions
of some of the reservations (actually much the greater part of several of the
largest reserves), are ... totally unfit for agricultural purposes." 1890 Report
of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1, pt. 5, 51st Cong., 2d
Sess. at xcv. The supposed solution to this problem was to "scatter the Indians
... on the fertile spots of their reservations." Id.




n272.  For an analysis of the depiction of Indian women as "squaw drudges" and
Indian men as lazy and idle, see generally Smits, supra note 63. A number of
scholars have explored white images and misperceptions of Indian women. See,
e.g., Rayna Green, The Pocahantas Perplex: The Image of Indian Women in American
Culture, 16 Mass. Rev. 698 (1975) (discussing the image of Pocahantas and other
Indian women in American culture); Glenda Riley, Some European (Mis)Perceptions
of American Indian Women, N.M. Hist. Rev., July 1984, at 237 (1984) (discussing
the writings of eighteenth- and nineteenth-century Europeans about Indian
women); Sherry L. Smith, Beyond Princess and Squaw: Army Officers' Perceptions
of Indian Women, in The Women's West 63 (Susan Armitage & Elizabeth Jameson
eds., 1987) (discussing Army officers' observations about and relationships with
Indian women).




n273.  1888 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1, pt.
5, 50th Cong., 2d Sess. at lxxxix (quoting an unnamed writer); see also 1900
Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Doc. No. 5, 56th Cong., 2d Sess.
47 (noting that among the original inhabitants of the United States, agriculture
was "neglected, or pursued only by the weaker sex"). This view of Indian gender
roles was shared by earlier government officials. For example, Thomas Jefferson
wrote in the 1780s in a book on the native inhabitants of Virginia that Indian
women were subjected to drudgery, and that this type of treatment was a
characteristic of all barbarous peoples. See Smits, supra note 63, at 290-91
(citing Thomas Jefferson, Notes on the State of Virginia (William Peden ed.,
Univ. of N.C. Press 1955) (1787)). Even in the twentieth century, officials have
regarded changes in Indian gender roles as a positive result of government
policy. For example, the Commissioner commented in his 1920 report as follows:
"The early explorers of this country found the Indians cultivating the soil,
although the women did most of the work... As the Indians have advanced under
the tutelage of the Government, the men have gradually assumed this work, while
the women have confined themselves largely to household duties." 1920 Report of
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Doc. No. 5, 66th Cong., 3d Sess. 21.




n274.  See, e.g., Patricia Albers, Sioux Women in Transition: A Study of Their
Changing Status in Domestic and Capitalistic Sectors of Production, in The
Hidden Half: Studies of Plains Indian Women 175, 182-83 (Patricia Albers &
Beatrice Medicine eds., 1983); see also Otis, supra note 219, at 53-54 (noting
that some Indian men viewed growing crops as women's work); Carolyn Garrett
Pool, Reservation Policy and the Economic Position of Wichita Women, 8 Great
Plains Q. 158, 160 (1988) (discussing a reservation agent's 1868 report that
Wichita men refused to farm because women were the traditional Wichita
cultivators).




n275.  See Otis, supra note 219, at 77-78. White farmers and stockmen were
already employed on some reservations. See id. at 78; see also Carlson, supra
note 221, at 81 (noting the employment of white agency farmers and their varying
effectiveness).




n276.  See Carlson, supra note 221, at 82.




n277.  See Otis, supra note 219, at 78. The Indian Service listed 241 employees
as farmers in 1887, 272 in 1897, and 320 in 1900. See id. at 78-79. The 320
farmers employed in 1900 were expected to assist 185,790 Indians. See id. at 79.




n278.  See id. at 79; see also Carlson, supra note 221, at 134-35 (noting the
general failure of the farmers).




n279.  See Otis, supra note 219, at 101-02. For example, the appropriations act
passed in 1888, a year in which 3568 allotments were made, provided for the
allocation of $ 30,000 for purchasing seeds and tools, which amounted to less
than $ 10 for the needs of each allottee. See Act of June 29, 1888, ch. 503, 25
Stat. 217, 234; Otis, supra note 219, at 101.




n280.  See Ragsdale, supra note 21, at 420 (discussing the economic
disadvantages suffered by Indian farmers, including problems in obtaining credit
and working capital).




n281.  1892 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1, pt.
5, 52d Cong., 2d Sess. 34.




n282.  See Dawes Act of 1887, ch. 119, 1, 24 Stat. 388, 388 (codified as amended
at 25 U.S.C. 331 (1994)); supra note 221 and accompanying text (describing
eligibility for allotments under the Dawes Act); see also 1889 Report of
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1, pt. 5, 51st Cong., 1st
Sess. 17 (noting that married women were not entitled to allotments).
Apparently, an exception was made for Indian women who married white men.
According to the Commissioner's 1892 report, allotment agents were instructed
that Indian women married to white men were to be regarded as heads of families
and that these women and their children were to have the full benefits of the
Dawes Act. See 1892 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc.
No.1, pt. 5, 52d Cong., 2d Sess. 37.




n283.  See Albers, supra note 274, at 182-84 (describing the preferential
treatment given to Sioux men); supra note 221 and accompanying text (describing
eligibility requirements).




n284.  See Lacey, supra note 63, at 331.




n285.  See id. at 342.




n286.  See id. at 331.




n287.  See id. at 334; see also id. at 338 (discussing land ownership as a
paramount family value).




n288.  1892 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1, pt.
5, 52d Cong., 2d Sess. 34.




n289.  William Strong, Remarks on Indian Reform, excerpt reprinted in
Americanizing the American Indians, supra note 228, at 38, 40.




n290.  See Albers, supra note 274, at 191 (reviewing efforts to curb the high
rate of divorce among the Sioux); Bethany Ruth Berger, After Pocahantas: Indian
Women and the Law 1830-1934, 21 Am. Indian L. Rev. 1, 11, 34-39 (1997)
(discussing state regulation of marriage and divorce, Indian divorce, and
polygamy); Lacey, supra note 63, at 364-66 (discussing attempts to regulate
Indian marriages, divorces, and adultery, including the outlawing of polygamy);
Pool, supra note 274, at 166 (discussing efforts to change Wichita marriage
practices). Indians were prosecuted for adultery and polygamy, and sometimes
obtained divorces, in Courts of Indian Offenses which operated on the
reservations. See, e.g., 1890 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R.
Exec. Doc. No.1, pt. 5, 51st Cong., 2d Sess. 232-33 (report of Webster L.
Stabler, Yakima Agency, Sept. 18, 1890) (listing the cases heard during 1890).
Such cases accounted for a significant part of the caseload in many reservation
courts. For example, of the 31 cases reported in 1890 on the Yakima Reservation,
eight were adultery prosecutions, one was a polygamy prosecution, one involved
"trouble" between a man and his wife, and four were divorce cases. See id. at
232-33. A divorce was not granted in any of the divorce cases. See id. In one
divorce case, Tappenish Slose v. Mrs. Slose, Tappenish Slose was ordered "to go
back to his wife, be good to her, and act like a man." Id. at 233. Mrs. Slose
was prosecuted earlier in the year for adultery with William Cree, who was put
in jail; he was later involved in a divorce case with his own wife. See id. at
232; see also id. at 32 (report of Jno. S. Murphy, Fort Berthold Agency, Aug.
31, 1890) (reporting that "divorce has been of frequent occurrence ... The
practice of men abandoning their wives at pleasure has long obtained," and that
in a "case of dissatisfied marital condition on the part of the wife," the wife
was directed to return to her husband).




n291.  See Otis, supra note 219, at 106-07.




n292.  1889 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1, pt.
5, 51st Cong., 1st Sess. 17.




n293.  Id.




n294.  See id.




n295.  See Act of Feb. 28, 1891, ch. 383, 1-2, 26 Stat. 794, 794-95 (codified as
amended at 25 U.S.C. 331 (1994)). The amendment also provided that for the
purposes of determining descent of allotments, the children of Indians who
cohabited according to Indian custom would be deemed legitimate. See Act of Feb.
28, 1891, ch. 383, 5, 26 Stat. 794, 795-96 (codified as amended at 25 U.S.C. 331
(1994)).




n296.  Between 1887 and 1890, 754,560 acres were allotted. See Terry L. Anderson
& Dean Lueck, Agricultural Development and Land Tenure in Indian Country, in
Property Rights and Indian Economies, supra note 233, at 147, 149.




n297.  See 1894 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1,
pt. 5, 53d Cong., 3d Sess. 21. The agricultural lands of the reservation were
divided into ten-acre tracts; married women whose husbands also received
allotments were given five-acre tracts. See id.




n298.  Act of Feb. 28, 1891, ch. 383, 3, 26 Stat. 794, 795 (codified as amended
at 25 U.S.C. 331 (1994)).




n299.  See Rules and Regulations to Be Observed in the Execution of Leases and
Indian Allotments, in 1893 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec.
Doc. No.1, pt. 5, 53d Cong., 2d Sess. 476, 476; see also Otis, supra note 219,
at 116-17 (discussing the leasing rules).




n300.  Otis, supra note 219, at 125 (discussing the leasing rules).




n301.  See Albers, supra note 274, at 195; Pool, supra note 274, at 164.




n302.  For example, the platform of the 1894 Lake Mohonk Conference expressed
this sentiment, stating that the laws permitting leasing were ""widely resulting
in dispossessing ... Indians of their property rights, without an adequate
return, to their great disadvantage and the enriching of designing white men.'"
Otis, supra note 219, at 119 (quoting Proceedings of the Board of Indian
Commissioners at the Twelth Lake Mohonk Conference (1894), reprinted in 1895
Board of Indian Commissioners Ann. Rep., reprinted in H.R. Exec. Doc. No. 5, pt.
5, 53d Cong., 3d Sess., app. at 1088, 1170-71).




n303.  See id. at 122. The program also reportedly was lucrative for at least
some agents, who received bonuses for recommending the leasing of certain
allotments at low rents. See id. at 123. Some reservation agents commented on
white pressure for leasing in their annual reports. See, e.g., 1892 Report of
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1, pt. 5, 52d Cong., 2d Sess.
186 (report of Robert H. Ashley, Omaha and Winnebago Agency, Aug. 17, 1892)
(reporting that the pressure of would-be lessees on Indians who held "the most
desirable land" was "very great").




n304.  See, e.g., 1890 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc.
No.1, pt. 5, 51st Cong., 2d Sess. 219 (report of Hal J. Cole, Colville Agency,
Aug. 11, 1890) (reporting that squaw men are "of the lower class," and stating
that "nine out of every ten are addicted to whisky drinking or else they have
some other pernicious habit and their presence on the reservation does the
Indians harm instead of good"); id. at 233-34 (report of Webster L. Stabler,
Yakima Agency, Sept. 18, 1890) (reporting that "the squaw-men ... are a constant
menace to the welfare of the Indians, with a few honorable exceptions," that a
"mulatto" squaw man was encouraging Indians to leave the reservation to pick
hops, and that another squaw man had set up a gambling operation); 1889 Report
of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1, pt. 5, 51st Cong., 1st
Sess. 295 (report of Thomas Priestley, Yakima Agency, Aug. 16, 1889) (reporting
that "the white men who marry Indian women for purposes of getting a home on an
Indian reservation are not of the better class"). For a discussion of varying
attitudes toward Indian-white intermarriage in general at the time of the
allotment program, see David D. Smits, "Squaw Men," "Half-Breeds," and
Amalgamators: Late Nineteenth-Century Anglo-American Attitudes Toward
Indian-White Race-Mixing, Am. Indian Culture & Res. J., No. 3, 1991, at 29,
29-57.




n305.  Act of Aug. 9, 1888, ch. 818, 1, 25 Stat. 392, 392 (codified at 25 U.S.C.
181-183 (1994)), reprinted in 1888 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1, pt. 5, 50th Cong., 2d Sess. 340. Although the government
was concerned that Indian women's property rights could be adversely affected by
marriage to white men, such marriages sometimes gave Indian women increased
rights and control with respect to reservation lands. See Albers, supra note
274, at 193-94 (noting that some widowed Sioux women who married white men
became known for the independence they achieved by working and managing
homesteaded farms established by their late husbands). For a more detailed
discussion of issues arising with respect to intermarriage, see Berger, supra
note 290, at 23-44.




n306.  See Act of Aug. 9, 1888, ch. 818, 2, 25 Stat. 392, 392 (codified at 25
U.S.C. 181-183 (1994)).




n307.  See Act of June 7, 1897, ch. 3, 1, 30 Stat. 62, 90 (codified at 25 U.S.C.
184 (1994)).




n308.  1894 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1, pt.
5, 53d Cong., 3d Sess. 19.




n309.  See Rebecca J. Herring, The Creation of Indian Farm Women: Field Matrons
and Acculturation on the Kiowa-Comanche Reservation, 1895-1906, in At Home on
the Range: Essays on the History of Western Social and Domestic Life 39, 42
(John R. Wunder ed., 1985); see also Susan Peterson, "Holy Women" and
Housekeepers: Women Teachers on South Dakota Reservations, 1885-1910, S.D.
Hist., Fall 1983, at 245, 245-47 (discussing women's presumed moral superiority
and their role as civilizers). See generally Barbara Welter, The Cult of True
Womanhood: 1820-1860, Am. Q., Summer 1996, at 151 (discussing nineteenth-century
Euro-American beliefs about the nature and role of women). Similar sentiments
led to the role of European women in educating non-white women in European
colonies. See generally Antoinette M. Burton, The White Woman's Burden: British
Feminists and "The Indian Woman," 1865-1915, in Western Women and Imperialism:
Complicity and Resistance 137, 137-52 (Nupur Chaudhuri & Margaret Strobel eds.,
1992) (discussing Western women's attitudes toward and activities in India, and
analyzing the extent to which they resisted or complied with imperialist
cultural values); Barbara N. Ramusack, Cultural Missionaries, Maternal
Imperialists, Feminist Allies: British Women Activists in India, 1865-1945, in
Western Women and Imperialism: Complicity and Resistance, supra, at 119, 119-34
(same). A number of interesting parallels exist between the field matrons' work
in the United States and the work of British women in India. See Burton, in
Western Women and Imperialism: Complicity and Resistance, supra, at 137
(discussing British women's understanding of women in India as unfortunates who
needed to be saved by their British "sisters," rather than as equals, and
British women's work on issues related to Indian women in the years 1865-1915).




n310.  The intended domestication of women of color by white policymakers is a
phenomenon of more than just historical interest; it has also been identified as
a key component of twentieth-century development programs. See generally Barbara
Rogers, The Domestication of Women: Discrimination in Developing Societies 35-45
(1980) (discussing discrimination against and domestication of Third World women
by development programs that treat women differently from men because of Western
men's model of what women should be and do).




n311.  1893 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1, pt.
5, 53d Cong., 2d Sess. 54.




n312.  See id. Commissioner Morgan claimed that only two treaties made provision
for instruction in domestic tasks - the 1868 Sioux treaty, which supposedly gave
$ 500 annually for a matron, and the "1865 Chippewa treaty," which provided $
1000 annually to pay for instructing Indian girls in ""domestic economy.'" Id.
at 56 (quoting Treaty with the Chippewa of the Mississippi and the Pillager and
Lake Winnibigoshish Bands, Mar. 11, 1863, art. XIII, 12 Stat. 1249, 1251).
Commissioner Morgan seems to have been referring to the treaty between the
United States of America and different tribes of Sioux Indians, Apr. 29, 1868,
U.S.-Tribes of Sioux, 15 Stat. 635. However, this treaty does not specifically
refer to a matron. See id. at 635-47.




n313.  Id. at 54.




n314.  Id. at 55. In the 1890s, when larger numbers of Indian families began to
inhabit houses on their allotments, officials began to see the need for proper
housekeeping as urgent. See Herring, supra note 309, at 42.




n315.  1893 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1, pt.
5, 53d Cong., 2d Sess. 55.




n316.  Id.




n317.  1892 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1, pt.
5, 52d Cong., 2d Sess. 101.




n318.  1896 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Doc. No. 5, 54th
Cong., 2d Sess. 232 (report of F. Glenn Mattoon, agent, Fort Berthold Agency,
Aug. 15, 1896).




n319.  1892 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1, pt.
5, 52d Cong., 2d Sess. 101. In addition to the field matrons, so-called "female
industrial teachers" were appointed on some reservations to perform similar
duties. See, e.g., 1896 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Doc. No.
5, 54th Cong., 2d Sess. 354 (report of W.N. Hailmann, Superintendent of Indian
Schools, Sept. 26, 1896) (noting that the duties of the female industrial
teachers "are practically the same as those of the field matrons"); 1895 Report
of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Doc. No. 5, 54th Cong., 1st Sess. 18
(reporting that the teachers' duties are similar to those of the field matrons).




n320.  1892 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1, pt.
5, 52d Cong., 2d Sess. 101.




n321.  1893 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1, pt.
5, 53d Cong., 2d Sess. 56.




n322.  See 1892 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1,
pt. 5, 52d Cong., 2d Sess. 101. The field matrons were expected to work at least
eight hours per day, five days a week, plus a half day on Saturday. See id.




n323.  Id.




n324.  Id. at 100; see also Herring, supra note 309, at 43 (describing the Civil
Service requirements for field matrons, including having an excellent character,
robust health, a good education, the ability to speak and write English
correctly, a good "executive capacity," and familiarity with domestic and
household duties).




n325.  1892 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1, pt.
5, 52d Cong., 2d Sess. 100; see also Herring, supra note 309, at 46 (noting that
many matrons were single and that family obligations apparently eliminated some
women from consideration for matron positions). Preference was given, however,
to the wives of school superintendents who were already resident on
reservations, and assistant field matrons tended to be married women (often
missionaries' wives). See Herring, supra note 309, at 43, 46.




n326.  1892 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1, pt.
5, 52d Cong., 2d Sess. 100.




n327.  See 1893 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1,
pt. 5, 53d Cong., 2d Sess. 57. In 1893, for example, a field matron's salary was
$ 60 per month. See id.; see also Herring, supra note 309, at 43 (noting that
generally the government was willing to pay matrons $ 500 to $ 720 per year).




n328.  1893 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1, pt.
5, 53d Cong., 2d Sess. 57.




n329.  See Herring, supra note 309, at 47-48 (stating that few Indians were ever
hired as field matrons). See generally Lisa E. Emmerich, "Right in the Midst of
My Own People": Native American Women and the Field Matron Program, 15 Am.
Indian Q. 201 (1991) (describing Native American women in the field matron
program). The field matron corps was closed to Indian women until 1895. See id.
at 201. From 1895 to 1927, 34 mixed blood and full blood Indian women served as
field matrons, constituting roughly 13% of the total corps between those years.
See id. at 203. Although field matrons continued their work until the 1930s, the
involvement of Indian women in the program declined rapidly after 1905. See id.
at 201. During their period of involvement in the program, however, Indian field
matrons earned the praise of their white colleagues. See, e.g., 1900 Report of
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Doc. No. 5, 56th Cong., 2d Sess. 317
(report of Anna R. Dawson, field matron, Fort Berthold Reservation, Aug. 14,
1900) (reporting that Mary Wilkinson, "one of our tribe," was performing her
duties as field matron with a "spirit of cheerfulness, willingness, and
faithfulness").




n330.  See 1893 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1,
pt. 5, 53d Cong., 2d Sess. 56. The Indian Appropriations Act of March 3, 1891,
included the following provision: "To enable the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
to employ suitable persons as matrons to teach Indian girls in housekeeping and
other household duties at a rate not exceeding $ 60 per month, $ 2500." Indian
Appropriations Act, ch. 543, 26 Stat. 989, 1009 (1891).




n331.  See Herring, supra note 309, at 43.




n332.  1892 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1, pt.
5, 52d Cong., 2d Sess. 100.




n333.  See 1893 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1,
pt. 5, 53d Cong., 2d Sess. 56.




n334.  See 1893 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1,
pt. 5, 53d Cong., 2d Sess. 56; 1892 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1, pt. 5, 52d Cong., 2d Sess. 100-01.




n335.  1892 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1, pt.
5, 52d Cong., 2d Sess. 101.




n336.  See 1893 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1,
pt. 5, 53d Cong., 2d Sess. 56.




n337.  See 1894 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1,
pt. 5, 53d Cong., 3d Sess. 19. Other government officials shared the
Commissioner's view that funding for the field matrons should be increased. For
example, in his 1895 report, the Superintendent of Indian Schools commented:



   When it is remembered that among the Indians, the wife and mother gives shape
and direction to all that concerns the home and its attitude toward the school
and civilization, the small provision made by Congress for field matrons who may
teach and assist the Indian woman in better ways of living is quite
inexplicable.

 1895 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Doc. No. 5, 54th Cong., 1st
Sess. 342 (report of W.N. Hailmann, Superintendent of Indian Schools, Oct. 1,
1895). In his 1896 report, the Commissioner noted that the appropriation for
field matrons had been increased to $ 15,000. See 1896 Report of Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, H.R. Doc. No. 5, 54th Cong., 2d Sess. 24. Apparently, the
Commissioner was able to get around some of the fiscal limitations on the
appointment of field matrons by appointing female industrial teachers, who could
be compensated from different sources. See, e.g., 1895 Report of Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, H.R. Doc. No. 5, 54th Cong., 1st Sess. 18 (noting the
appointment of female industrial teachers for the Sioux, who could be paid from
the Sioux educational funds). For a list of the number of field matrons serving
annually in the years 1895-1927, see Emmerich, supra note 329, app. at 212. The
largest number of matrons (92) served in 1912. See id.




n338.  See 1892 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1,
pt. 5, 52d Cong., 2d Sess. 102. The discussion that follows focuses largely on
the field matrons' reports that were published, along with reservation agents'
reports, as part of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs' annual reports from
1893-1900. In addition, the discussion draws on an interesting autobiographical
account of the experiences of two women who served as field matrons in
California in the early twentieth century. See Mary Ellicott Arnold & Mabel
Reed, In the Land of the Grasshopper Song: Two Women in the Klamath River Indian
Country in 1908-09 (Bison Books 1980) (1957).




n339.  Herring, supra note 309, at 48; see also Lisa E. Emmerich, "Civilization"
and Transculturation: The Field Matron Program and Cross-Cultural Contact, 15
Am. Indian Culture & Res. J. 33, 44-45 (noting that even field matrons whose
attitudes toward Indians were altered by their experiences as field matrons
never questioned the appropriateness of their role).




n340.  1900 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Doc. No. 5, 56th
Cong., 2d Sess. 318 (report of Anna R. Dawson, field matron, Fort Berthold
Reservation, Aug. 14, 1900).




n341.  See 1893 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1,
pt. 5, 53d Cong., 2d Sess. 301 (report of Kate Morris, field matron, Rosebud
Agency, Aug. 1, 1893) ("A field matron's work is in many respects similar to
that of a missionary. She can advise and instruct and demonstrate to the Indian
women how certain things should be done, but cannot compel or even insist on
their doing anything. Persuasion is the only power at her command."); see also
id. at 111 (report of E.H. Plummer, acting agent, Navajo Agency, Aug. 22, 1893)
(reporting that the work of both the field matron and the resident missionary
"has been that type of missionary work that accomplishes more by deeds than by
theories").




n342.  See, e.g., id. at 301 (report of Kate Morris, field matron, Rosebud
Agency, Aug. 1, 1893) (reporting that she could accomplish more with a female
interpreter); see also 1896 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Doc.
No. 5, 54th Cong., 2d Sess. 243 (report of Mary J. Cramsie, female industrial
teacher, Standing Rock Reservation, Aug. 15, 1896) (reporting that "there is
plenty of work for the field matron who understands the language").




n343.  See, e.g., 1893 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc.
No.1, pt. 5, 53d Cong., 2d Sess. 113 (report of Mary E. Whyte, field matron,
Navajo Reservation, Aug. 4, 1893) ("We have tried earnestly from our first
arrival here to learn the Navajo language, and I hope to continue till I can
tell the story of Christ to these people in their own tongue without an
interpreter."). The 1894 report indicated that Mary Whyte was still trying to
learn Navajo. See 1894 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc.
No.1, pt. 5, 53d Cong., 3d Sess. 103 (report of Mary E. Whyte, field matron,
Navajo Reservation, undated); cf. 1896 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
H.R. Doc. No. 5, 54th Cong., 2d Sess. 243 (report of M.L. McLaughlin, female
industrial teacher, Standing Rock Reservation, Aug. 20, 1896) ("The field matron
should have a knowledge of the Indian ... language ...."); Arnold & Reed, supra
note 338, at 243 (noting that they spoke "Indian" to a Karok woman who always
spoke in "Indian"). Some matrons included phrases in native languages in their
reports. See, e.g., 1896 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Doc. No.
5, 54th Cong., 2d Sess. 364 (report of E.O. Stilwell, field matron, Moqui
Reservation, Aug. 1896). A field matron's ignorance of the resident tribe's
language could lead to resentment of the field matron. See, e.g., 1900 Report of
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Doc. No. 5, 56th Cong., 2d Sess. 344
(report of J. Jensen, Ponca, Pawnee, Oto, and Oakland Agency, Aug. 31, 1900).




n344.  See, e.g., 1896 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Doc. No.
5, 54th Cong., 2d Sess. 233 (report of Anna R. Dawson, field matron, Fort
Berthold Reservation, Aug. 25, 1896) (reporting that her first few months on the
reservation were spent "carefully observing their manners and customs in order
that the help we hoped to give might be more intelligently given"); Arnold &
Reed, supra note 338, at 110 (noting that when the two field matrons first came
to Karok country their manners "were very bad," because they "talked too much"
and "lacked reserve and dignity," but that they had learned "how to behave"
according to Karok custom).




n345.  See, e.g., Burton, supra note 309, at 137, 144 (noting that British women
social reformers believed that they could lead women from India ""into a
position of greater freedom and light'" (quoting Josephine Butler, a leading
British feminist reformer)).




n346.  1894 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1, pt.
5, 53d Cong., 3d Sess. 241 (report of Eliza Lambe, field matron, Cheyenne and
Arapaho Agency, Aug. 15, 1894). During the nineteenth century, white observers
commonly viewed the perceived position of women in a society as a prime
indicator of savagism or civilization. See Smits, supra note 63, at 298-99.




n347.  See, e.g., 1896 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Doc. No.
5, 54th Cong., 2d Sess. 174 (report of M.W. Peticolas, female industrial
teacher, White Earth Reserve, Aug. 15, 1896) (stating that "when the women learn
to utilize and cook properly the products of the farm and garden the men will be
greatly encouraged in their efforts at cultivating them").




n348.  See, e.g., id. at 364 (report of E.O. Stilwell, field matron, Moqui
Reservation, Aug. 1896) (reporting that many of the Moqui women "had scarcely
ever had a needle in their fingers before, as the men do the sewing").




n349.  Id. at 111 (report of Frances S. Calfee, field matron for Hualapais,
undated).




n350.  See Emmerich, supra note 339, at 38.




n351.  See, e.g., 1894 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc.
No.1, pt. 5, 53d Cong., 3d Sess. 242 (report of Eliza Lambe, field matron,
Cheyenne and Arapaho Agency, Aug. 15, 1894) (reporting that 95 families lived in
houses, while 414 lived in traditional dwellings); 1893 Report of Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1, pt. 5, 53d Cong., 2d Sess. 114 (report
of Mary E. Whyte, field matron, Navajo Reservation, Aug. 4, 1893) (reporting
that three Navajo families lived in houses, while 103 lived in "tepees, hogans,
or other Indian habitations"). The Commissioner also included statistics on
"Indian dwelling-houses" in his annual reports. E.g., 1887 Report of
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, Exec. Doc. No.1, pt. 5, 50th Cong., 1st Sess.
279.




n352.  See, e.g., 1893 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc.
No.1, pt. 5, 53d Cong., 2d Sess. 113 (report of Mary E. Whyte, field matron,
Navajo Reservation, Aug. 4, 1893) ("Instruction in neatness, also in ... other
lines of woman's work, has been given to a great many women, but the families
are so constantly moving about and the women have so little to do with that not
much result can be seen."); see also Herring, supra note 309, at 48-49
(discussing field matrons' dismay at Indians' nomadic habits).




n353.  See, e.g., 1896 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Doc. No.
5, 54th Cong., 2d Sess. 111 (report of Frances S. Calfee, field matron for
Hualapais, undated) ("The places in which these Indians live are the most
squalid huts... It is impossible to teach them to care for what they have not;
nor can they learn to cook in a civilized manner when they must cook on the
coals of a camp fire."); id. at 233 (report of Anna R. Dawson, field matron,
Fort Berthold Reservation, Aug. 25, 1896) (reporting that the condition of the
homes was "deplorable" and that "the women can not be taught to continue in
housewifery until a better-constructed house is furnished them"); id. at 242
(report of Mary J. Cramsie, female industrial teacher, Standing Rock
Reservation, Aug. 15, 1896) (reporting that most of the homes were "very poor"
and that the efforts made to keep them orderly were "astonishing"); 1895 Report
of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Doc. No. 5, 54th Cong., 1st Sess. 205
(report of Nellie Lindsay, field matron, Santee Reservation, Aug. 31, 1895)
(reporting that it seemed "like an almost hopeless task" to help the Santees
improve their way of living "without being furnished anything ... except what
can be found around their barren homes").




n354.  See, e.g., 1895 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Doc. No.
5, 54th Cong., 1st Sess. 206 (report of Nellie Lindsay, field matron, Santee
Reservation, Aug. 31, 1895) (requesting paint and material for painting to
improve the floors and walls of Indian houses).




n355.  See, e.g., 1896 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Doc. No.
5, 54th Cong., 2d Sess. 364 (report of E.O. Stilwell, field matron, Moqui
Reservation, Aug. 1896) (reporting that Moqui houses were "well put up, much of
the work being done by the women").




n356.  See, e.g., 1894 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc.
No.1, pt. 5, 53d Cong., 3d Sess. 103 (report of Mary E. Whyte, field matron,
Navajo Reservation, undated) (reporting that five houses had been built, for
which she furnished doors and windows, and that she insisted that fireplaces be
built in each house for ventilation).




n357.  See 1893 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1,
pt. 5, 53d Cong., 2d Sess. 113 (report of Mary E. Whyte, field matron, Navajo
Reservation, Aug. 4, 1893). Whyte reported:



   When the Navajos leave off their roving life and settle in permanent houses
will be a critical time for the health of the tribe. Now they have plenty of
fresh air in spite of themselves... A good open fireplace in every room of every
house they may build in future would tend to prevent that increase of disease
which often marks the change from the lodge to the small house.

 Id.




n358.  See, e.g., 1896 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Doc. No.
5, 54th Cong., 2d Sess. 111 (report of Frances S. Calfee, field matron,
Hualapais, undated); 1895 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Doc.
No. 5, 54th Cong., 1st Sess. 357 (report of F.S. Calfee, field matron,
Hualapais, July 1, 1895). Some Indian women also earned money by serving as
field matrons. See supra note 329 and accompanying text. Indian girls were also
tapped as a source of domestic labor. See, e.g., Lida W. Quimby, The Field
Matron's Work, Address Before Department of Indian Education (July 11, 1900), in
1900 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Doc. No. 5, 56th Cong., 2d
Sess. 468, 469. These practices would seem to have been at odds with the goal of
educating Indian women to spend their time caring for their own households and
to leave labor outside the home to Indian men.




n359.  See supra note 319 and accompanying text (listing the areas of focus for
the field matrons).




n360.  See, e.g., 1900 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Doc. No.5,
56th Cong., 2d Sess. 317 (report of Anna R. Dawson, field matron, Fort Berthold
Reservation, Aug. 14, 1900); id. at 348 (report of Sarah E. Murray, field
matron, Pawnee Agency, July 2, 1900); id. at 477 (report of Sarah E. Abbott,
field matron, East Mesa, Hopi Reservation, Aug. 15, 1900); 1896 Report of
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Doc. No. 5, 54th Cong., 2d Sess. 174
(report of M. W. Peticolas, female industrial teacher, White Earth Agency, Aug.
15, 1896); id. at 233 (report of Anna R. Dawson, field matron, Fort Berthold
Reservation, Aug. 25, 1896); 1895 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R.
Doc. No. 5, 54th Cong., 1st Sess. 120 (report of Mary L. Eldridge, field matron,
Navajo Reservation, Aug. 15, 1895); 1894 Report of Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1, pt. 5, 53d Cong., 3d Sess. 103 (report of Mary E.
Whyte, field matron, Navajo Reservation, undated); 1893 Report of Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1, pt. 5, 53d Cong., 2d Sess. 113 (report
of Mary E. Whyte, field matron, Navajo Reservation, Aug. 4, 1893); id. at 301
(report of Kate Morris, field matron, Rosebud Agency, Aug. 1, 1893); see also
Arnold & Reed, supra note 338, at 118-21 (discussing their "medical practice");
id. at 236-37 (describing a trip to take medicine to a woman who suffered from
rheumatism).




n361.  See, e.g., 1893 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc.
No.1, pt. 5, 53d Cong., 2d Sess. 301 (report of Kate Morris, field matron,
Rosebud Agency, Aug. 1, 1893) (reporting that she spent 18 days attending to the
agency physician's duties during his absence).




n362.  See, e.g., 1894 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc.
No.1, pt. 5, 53d Cong., 3d Sess. 257 (report of Elizabeth Test, field matron,
Mexican Kickapoo Reservation, Aug. 15, 1894).




n363.  See, e.g., 1893 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc.
No.1, pt. 5, 53d Cong., 2d Sess. 113 (report of Mary E. Whyte, field matron,
Navajo Reservation, Aug. 4, 1893) (reporting that medicine men were sometimes
called in after the field matron had "successfully carried a severe case through
to convalescence" and that "we have not openly antagonized the medicine man,
though we always drop a case if he is called to it"); see also Arnold & Reed,
supra note 338, at 119 (noting that "Indian doctors" were used more frequently
than white doctors because the former required payment only if the patient were
cured); Emmerich, supra note 339, at 39-40 (discussing the field matrons' roles
in health care and the varying attitudes toward traditional healers); Emmerich,
supra note 329, at 206-07 (describing Indian field matrons' attitudes toward
native healers).




n364.  See, e.g., 1893 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc.
No.1, pt. 5, 53d Cong., 2d Sess. 113 (report of Mary E. Whyte, field matron,
Navajo Reservation, Aug. 4, 1893) ("Experience will teach them that our simple
remedies do more good than songs, rattles, and feathers ...."); see also 1894
Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1, pt. 5, 53d
Cong., 3d Sess. 103 (report of Mary E. Whyte, field matron, Navajo Reservation,
undated) (reporting that the "the more progressive Indians are fast losing faith
in their medicine men").




n365.  See, e.g., 1896 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Doc. No.
5, 54th Cong., 2d Sess. 243 (report of Mary J. Cramsie, female industrial
teacher, Standing Rock Reservation, Aug. 15, 1896). Caring for domestic animals,
such as cows, and the use of milk and dairy products were deemed to be suitable
areas of instruction for Indian women. See supra note 319 and accompanying text.




n366.  Lactose intolerance, which makes the digestion of dairy products
difficult because of the affected person's inability to digest the milk
ingredient lactose, and which can cause cramps, diarrhea, and nausea, is common
among Native Americans. See Holly Weaver Beason, Don't Confuse Allergy with Food
Intolerance, Fla. Today, Sept. 18, 1997, at E1 (noting that 90% of Asian
Americans are lactose intolerant, and 75% of African-Americans, Native
Americans, Jews, and Hispanics in the United States may experience lactose
intolerance symptoms); Barry Bogin, The Tall and the Short of It, Discover, Feb.
1, 1998, at 40, 40 (reporting that lactose intolerance affects 70-90% of
African-Americans, Native Americans, Asians, and people from the Mediterranean);
K. Marie Porterfield, Traditional Diet Can Prevent Health Problems, Indian
Country Today, June 16-23, 1997, at B7 (discussing lactose intolerance among
Native Americans).




n367.  See, e.g., 1896 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Doc. No.
5, 54th Cong., 2d Sess. 364 (report of E.O. Stilwell, field matron, Moqui
Reservation, Aug. 1896) (commenting that American dresses are "more healthful");
see also 1900 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Doc. No. 5, 56th
Cong., 2d Sess. 317 (report of Anna R. Dawson, field matron, Fort Berthold
Reservation, Aug. 14, 1900) (reporting that the Indian women were making a
greater effort "to dress their families more hygienically"). On the other hand,
one agency physician noted that Indian women were more robust than white women
and attributed this in part to the fact that Indian women did not wear corsets
"to atrophy their abdominal muscles and disarrange the normal anatomical
relations of their thoracic, abdominal, and pelvic viscera." 1894 Report of
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1, pt. 5, 53d Cong., 3d Sess.
291 (report of Z.T. Daniel, agency physician, Pine Ridge Agency, Sept. 3, 1894).




n368.  See, e.g., 1896 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Doc. No.
5, 54th Cong., 2d Sess. 111 (report of Frances S. Calfee, field matron,
Hualapais, undated); see also Arnold & Reed, supra note 338, at 93-94 (noting
that Indian women's basket designing talents helped them in learning to write in
school); id. at 94-96 (noting Indian students' talents in arithmetic). In her
autobiography about her field matron experience in California, Arnold wrote:



   The more I tell of the history and traditions of the whites, the more I
question whether they are fit subjects on which in [sic] instruct the Indians.
The... class was so shocked by what I told them of ancient Rome that I was very
much discomforted... Conventional history is really too bloody... We should have
to suppress a large part of it.

 Id. at 97.




n369.  See Arnold & Reed, supra note 338, at 80-82 (describing how they
interceded with the sheriff on behalf of some Karoks); id. at 251-54 (describing
how they interceded when county officials refused to pay Karoks for work on a
bridge); Emmerich, supra note 339, at 42-44 (discussing the sense of kinship
that some matrons developed within reservation communities). Field matrons Mary
Ellicott Arnold and Mabel Reed saw themselves as being adopted into Indian
families and losing these adoptive family ties when they left. See Arnold &
Reed, supra note 338, at 313.




n370.  See, e.g., 1896 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Doc. No.
5, 54th Cong., 2d Sess. 233 (report of Anna R. Dawson, field matron, Fort
Berthold Reservation, Aug. 25, 1896) (describing the assistance she had received
from the American Missionary Association mission); 1893 Report of Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1, pt. 5, 53d Cong., 2d Sess. 113 (report
of Mary E. Whyte, field matron, Navajo Reservation, Aug. 4, 1893) (reporting on
her work with, and support from, Mrs. M.L. Eldredge, the missionary sent by the
Woman's Home Missionary Society of the Methodist Church). For an analysis of the
role that the government expected Christian missionaries to play on
reservations, see Dussias, supra note 20, at 776-83. The Commissioner noted in
his 1896 report that he looked to missionary societies for recommendations to
fill field matron positions. See 1896 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
H.R. Doc. No. 5, 54th Cong., 2d Sess. 24.




n371.  See, e.g., 1900 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Doc. No.
5, 56th Cong., 2d Sess. 317 (report of Anna R. Dawson, field matron, Fort
Berthold Reservation, Aug. 14, 1900) (reporting on the holding of Sunday
school); id. at 348 (report of Sarah E. Murray, field matron, Pawnee Agency,
July 2, 1900) (reporting on the holding of Sabbath services); 1896 Report of
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Doc. No. 5, 54th Cong., 2d Sess. 174
(report of M.W. Peticolas, female industrial teacher, White Earth Agency, Aug.
15, 1896) (reporting that she had established a Sunday school); id. at 233
(report of Anna R. Dawson, field matron, Fort Berthold Reservation, Aug. 25,
1896) (reporting that she had received permission to use the schoolhouse for
Sunday school); 1894 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc.
No.1, pt. 5, 53d Cong., 3d Sess. 103 (report of Mary E. Whyte, field matron,
Navajo Reservation, undated) ("Many talks have been given ... upon the Sabbath
as a day of rest and upon fundamental truths."); id. at 241 (report of Eliza
Lambe, field matron, Cheyenne and Arapaho Agency, Aug. 15, 1894) (reporting that
she distributed "a great many religious papers," which children read to older
people, and that she held religious services in the Indian camps on Sunday
afternoons); see also Arnold & Reed, supra note 338, at 88-92 (discussing the
establishment of Sunday schools); id. at 89 (describing themselves as "what were
once considered the somewhat heathen members of the Episcopal Church of
Somerville, New Jersey").




n372.  1896 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Doc. No. 5, 54th
Cong., 2d Sess. 242 (report of Mary J. Cramsie, female industrial teacher,
Standing Rock Reservation, Aug. 15, 1896).




n373.  For example, prior to becoming a field matron, Mary L. Eldridge served as
a missionary on the Navajo Reservation. See 1894 Report of Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1, pt. 5, 53d Cong., 3d Sess. 103 (report of
Mary L. Eldridge, missionary, Navajo Reservation, Aug. 27, 1894); 1893 Report of
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1, pt. 5, 53d Cong., 2d Sess.
113 (report of Mary L. Eldridge, missionary, Navajo Reservation, Aug. 5, 1893).
In 1895, Eldridge was the field matron on the Navajo Reservation. See 1895
Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Doc. No. 5, 54th Cong., 1st Sess.
120 (report of Mary L. Eldridge, field matron, Navajo Reservation, Aug. 15,
1895). She noted in her 1895 report that the report covered the work done at the
mission by herself and the missionary. See id.; cf. Herring, supra note 309, at
46 (noting that the first field matron on the Kiowa-Comanche Reservation had
originally served as a missionary there).




n374.  See 1900 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Doc. No. 5, 56th
Cong., 2d Sess. 344 (report of J. Jensen, agent for the Ponca, Pawnee, Oto, and
Oakland Agency, Aug. 31, 1900) (reporting that the "present field matrons at
Ponca and Pawnee are the wives of the missionaries, who draw a salary from their
church organization (the Methodist Episcopal), and of course the field matron's
salary is quite a help"). Agent Jensen commented further that "these positions
might as well be abolished so far as they are of any benefit except to the
incumbent who draws the salary." Id.; see also Herring, supra note 309, at 44,
46 (noting the service of missionaries' wives as assistant field matrons).




n375.  See, e.g., 1893 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc.
No.1, pt. 5, 53d Cong., 2d Sess. 113 (report of Mary E. Whyte, field matron,
Navajo Reservation, Aug. 4, 1893).




n376.  See id.




n377.  1895 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Doc. No. 5, 54th
Cong., 1st Sess. 120 (report of Mary L. Eldridge, field matron, Navajo
Reservation, Aug. 15, 1895); see also Herring, supra note 309, at 49-50
(discussing the variety of tasks performed by field matrons).




n378.  See, e.g., 1893 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc.
No.1, pt. 5, 53d Cong., 2d Sess. 113 (report of Mary E. Whyte, field matron,
Navajo Reservation, Aug. 4, 1893). Mary Whyte recommended that Navajo land be
irrigated and allotted in ten- or fifteen-acre pieces, noting that "irrigation,
allotment of land, and education of all the children will civilize these
people." Id. Other women promoted allotment by serving as special agents in
charge of making allotments on particular reservations. See, e.g., 1894 Report
of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1, pt. 5, 53d Cong., 3d
Sess. 118 (Miss Foote, Rincon Reservation, undated); 1889 Report of Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1, pt. 5, 51st Cong., 1st Sess. 15 (Alice
C. Fletcher, Nez Perce Reservation, undated).




n379.  See, e.g., 1894 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc.
No.1, pt. 5, 53d Cong., 3d Sess. 103 (report of Mary E. Whyte, field matron,
Navajo Reservation, undated) (reporting that the Indians "are getting
dissatisfied with ownership in common").




n380.  See, e.g., id. at 257 (report of Elizabeth Test, field matron, Mexican
Kickapoo Reservation, Aug. 15, 1894) (describing Kickapoo opposition to
allotment).




n381.  Id.




n382.  See id. at 258.




n383.  Id. Elizabeth Test also reported that some of the Kickapoos who had
accepted allotments and had begun to improve them had been discouraged by heavy
taxes on their personal property and had abandoned the allotments. See id.




n384.  See, e.g., 1893 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc.
No.1, pt. 5, 53d Cong., 2d Sess. 301 (report of Kate Morris, field matron,
Rosebud Agency, Aug. 1, 1893) ("With nothing whatever furnished the field matron
with which to work it can not be expected that very great results can be
obtained in a very short time.").




n385.  Id.; see also 1896 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Doc.
No. 5, 54th Cong., 2d Sess. 111 (report of Frances S. Calfee, field matron,
Hualapais, undated) ("While not asking that less shall be done for the men, we
do most earnestly and respectfully ask that more be done for the women."); supra
notes 275-80 and accompanying text (describing the limited assistance given to
Indian men to promote farming).




n386.  See, e.g., 1900 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Doc. No.
5, 56th Cong., 2d Sess. 317 (report of Anna R. Dawson, field matron, Fort
Berthold Reservation, Aug. 14, 1900) (reporting that she had decided to use
money formerly used for cooking class materials to feed the sick and needy).




n387.  1895 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Doc. No. 5, 54th
Cong., 1st Sess. 120 (report of Mary L. Eldridge, field matron, Navajo
Reservation, Aug. 15, 1895).




n388.  See, e.g., 1900 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Doc. No.
5, 56th Cong., 2d Sess. 317 (report of Anna R. Dawson, field matron, Fort
Berthold Reservation, Aug. 14, 1900) (reporting that she had received support
from "a New York friend"); 1896 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R.
Doc. No. 5, 54th Cong., 2d Sess. 111 (report of Frances S. Calfee, field matron
for Hualapais, undated) (reporting that she had received donations from the
Massachusetts Indian Association); 1895 Report of Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, H.R. Doc. No. 5, 54th Cong., 1st Sess. 205 (report of Nellie Lindsay,
field matron, Santee Reservation, Aug. 31, 1895) (reporting that she had
received supplies from "benevolent friends and societies in the East"); 1894
Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1, pt. 5, 53d
Cong., 3d Sess. 103 (report of Mary E. Whyte, field matron, Navajo Reservation,
undated) (reporting that she had received donations from the Cambridge (Mass.)
Indian Association); 1893 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec.
Doc. No.1, pt. 5, 53d Cong., 2d Sess. 113 (report of Mary E. Whyte, field
matron, Navajo Reservation, Aug. 4, 1893) (reporting that the Women's Home
Missionary Society of the Methodist Church had provided her with a home,
medicine, and other supplies and that the Cambridge (Mass.) Indian Association
had sent money to purchase tools and implements).




n389.  1895 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Doc. No. 5, 54th
Cong., 1st Sess. 205 (report of Nellie Lindsay, field matron, Santee
Reservation, Aug. 31, 1895).




n390.  See, e.g., 1896 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Doc. No.
5, 54th Cong., 2d Sess. 174 (report of M. W. Peticolas, female industrial
teacher, White Earth Reserve, Aug. 15, 1896) ("The people live at long distances
apart, and it is impossible to reach them all on foot."); id. at 233 (report of
Anna R. Dawson, field matron, Fort Berthold Reservation, Aug. 25, 1896) ("During
the fall and winter the work was much hampered by the lack of a conveyance.").




n391.  See, e.g., 1896 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Doc. No.
5, 54th Cong., 2d Sess. 111 (report of Frances S. Calfee, field matron,
Hualapais, undated) (reporting that the Hualapai women "are friendly to all
innovations which benefit them"); id. at 174 (report of M.W. Peticolas, female
industrial teacher, White Earth Reserve, Aug. 15, 1896) (reporting that "the
women welcome me cordially and are anxious to learn"); id. at 242 (report of
Mary J. Cramsie, female industrial teacher, Standing Rock Reservation, Aug. 15,
1896) (reporting that Indian women "are happy to have some one specially to
instruct them"); 1893 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc.
No.1, pt. 5, 53d Cong., 2d Sess. 301 (report of Kate Morris, field matron,
Rosebud Agency, Aug. 1, 1893) (reporting that the young women "show a
disposition to learn how to perform the various duties connected with the
management of a house"); see also Herring, supra note 309, at 50 (discussing
field matrons' opinions of the success of their efforts).




n392.  1893 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1, pt.
5, 53d Cong., 2d Sess. 301 (report of Kate Morris, field matron, Rosebud Agency,
Aug. 1, 1893) (reporting that "some of them show a decided ambition to become
good housewives").




n393.  See, e.g., id. (reporting that the young women "show a disposition to
learn how to perform the various duties connected with the management of a
house" but that little could be done to teach the older women).




n394.  See 1895 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Doc. No. 5, 54th
Cong., 1st Sess. 205 (report of Nellie Lindsay, field matron, Santee
Reservation, Aug. 31, 1895). Lindsay also noted that younger people who had just
returned from boarding school were "anxious to carry into practice the good they
have been taught in school into their homes." Id.




n395.  See, e.g., 1900 Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Doc. No.
5, 56th Cong., 2d Sess. 344 (report of J. Jensen, Ponca, Pawnee, Oto, and
Oakland Agency, Aug. 31, 1900) (reporting Indian resentment of field matrons,
particularly where the matrons were ignorant of the Indians' language); 1893
Report of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, H.R. Exec. Doc. No.1, pt. 5, 53d
Cong., 2d Sess. 126-27 (report of Francisco Estudillo, Mission and Tule River
Consolidated Agency, Aug. 31, 1893) (reporting that the residents of the Ramona
Reservation did not want a field matron, because the present field matron "has
caused some disturbance by endeavoring to obtain a piece of land which, when
granted, deprives the Indians of their chief watering place and their warm
springs," and that the Agua Caliente Indians did not like or want their field
matron); see also Herring, supra note 309, at 47-48 (discussing complaints
lodged against one field matron for creating tribal divisions). Mary Ellicott
Arnold and Mabel Reed, who served as field matrons in California in the early
twentieth century, believed that the Karok Indians were likely to be hostile
toward field matrons, as agents of the government, and therefore preferred to be
regarded as "schoolmarms." See Arnold & Reed, supra note 338, at 41.




n396.  Field matrons may also have been aware of the influence of Indian women
and culture on the matrons' own perceptions of themselves and their duties, but
felt uncomfortable discussing this influence in their reports. See Emmerich,
supra note 339, at 35.




n397.  Contemporary native women have made a similar point when discussing the
differences between themselves and feminists. One Native Canadian woman has
explained this point of view as follows:



   I do not call myself a feminist... I believe that while white feminists and
Indigenous women have a lot in common, they are in separate movements. Feminism
defines sexual oppression as the Big Ugly. The Indigenous women's movement sees
colonization and racial oppression as the Big Uglies...



 I want to be able to understand why feminists continue to believe in the
universality of male dominance, the universality of sisterhood, and why they
strive so hard to convert Aboriginal women.

 Rhonda Johnson, Winona Stevenson, & Donna Greschner, Peekiskwetan, 6 Canadian
J. Women & L. 153, 159 (1993) (Winona Stevenson speaking). Stevenson also
remarked:



   If these women [feminists] purport to understand oppression because they are
women oppressed by men, how then can they turn around and diminish the
significance and the depth of my oppression as an Aboriginal woman oppressed by
colonialism?... I think that tools exist for feminists to reconceptualize
oppression, to understand the oppressions faced by other people and how they as
feminists participate in the oppression of other peoples.

 Id. at 160.




n398.  Burton, supra note 309, at 137 (referring to the belief of white women
that they have a duty to uplift women of color from their supposedly oppressed
condition).




n399.  Solnit, supra note 11, at 195 (quoting Carrie Dann).




n400.  See supra Part II.A.1 (discussing Johnson).




n401.  See supra Parts III.A-B (discussing the allotment program).




n402.  See supra Part III.C (discussing the field matron program).




n403.  Dawes Act of 1887, ch. 119, 24 Stat. 388 (codified as amended at 25
U.S.C. 331-334, 339, 341-342, 348-349, 354, 381 (1994)); see supra Part III.A-B
(discussing the Dawes Act and its application).




n404.  Northwestern Bands of Shoshone Indians v. United States, 324 U.S. 335,
347 (1945) (describing the instructions given in 1862 to the commissioners sent
to negotiate treaties with the Shoshones, including the Western Shoshones); see
also id. at 341 ("A special commission was promptly appointed and instructed
that it was not expected that the proposed treaty would extinguish Indian title
to the lands ....").




n405.  Treaty of Peace, Friendship, Limits, and Settlement with the Republic of
Mexico, May 30, 1848, U.S.-Mex., 9 Stat. 922.




n406.  See United States v. Dann, 706 F.2d 919, 928 (9th Cir. 1983), rev'd, 470
U.S. 39 (1985).




n407.  See United States v. Dann, 572 F.2d 222, 224 (9th Cir. 1978) (per
curiam).




n408.  See id.




n409.  See id.




n410.  Treaty with Western Bands of Shoshonee Indians, Oct. 1, 1863,
U.S.-Western Bands of Shoshone Indians, 18 Stat. 689 (1875) [hereinafter Treaty
of Ruby Valley]; see Dann, 572 F.2d at 224 (referring to treaty as "Treaty of
Ruby Valley"). The Treaty was signed on October 1, 1863, and ratified in amended
form on October 21, 1869. See id. (citing Treaty of Ruby Valley, supra); see
also Francis Paul Prucha, American Indian Treaties: The History of a Political
Anomaly 277 (1994) (describing U.S. treaties with the Shoshones).




n411.  See Dann, 572 F.2d at 224. Article IV of the Treaty provided that "the
Shoshonee country may be explored and prospected for gold and silver, or other
minerals; and when mines are discovered, they may be worked, and mining and
agricultural settlements formed, and ranches established whenever they may be
required. Mills may be erected and timber taken for their use ...." Treaty of
Ruby Valley, supra note 410, 18 Stat. at 689-90; see also Dann, 706 F.2d at 930
(quoting the Treaty).




n412.  Dann, 572 F.2d at 224. Under Article VI of the Treaty, the Western
Shoshones agreed as follows:



   Whenever the President of the United States shall deem it expedient for them
to abandon the roaming life, which they now lead, and become herdsmen or
agriculturalists, he is hereby authorized to make such reservations for their
use as he may deem necessary within the country above described; and they do
also hereby agree to remove their camps to such reservations as he may indicate,
and to reside and remain therein.

 Treaty of Ruby Valley, supra note 410, 18 Stat. at 690; see also Dann, 706 F.2d
at 930 (quoting the Treaty).




n413.  See Dann, 572 F.2d at 224. The reservation was established by Executive
Order 05-4, dated April 16, 1877. See Dann, 706 F.2d at 930 (citing 1 Charles J.
Kappler, Indian Affairs: Laws and Treaties 866 (2d ed. 1904)).




n414.  See Dann, 572 F.2d at 224.




n415.  See id.




n416.  Id. (citing Shoshone Tribe of Indians of the Wind River Reservation,
Wyoming, 11 U.S. Indian Claims Comm'n Dec. 387 (1973)). The Indian Claims
Commission was established pursuant to the Indian Claims Commission Act of 1946,
ch. 959, 60 Stat. 1049 (terminated 1978, pursuant to 25 U.S.C. 70v (1976)),
which allowed tribes to bring to the Commission specified claims arising before
the enactment of the Act. See id. at 1049. See generally Nell Jessup Newton,
Indian Claims in the Courts of the Conqueror, 41 Am. U. L. Rev. 753, 761 (1992)
(illustrating "some of the pitfalls" of the Indian claims system in the United
States).




n417.  See Dann, 572 F.2d at 224-25 (quoting Western Shoshone Identifiable
Group, Represented by the Temoak Bands of Western Shoshone Indians, Nevada, 35
U.S. Indian Claims Comm'n Dec. 457, 461-62 (1975)).




n418.  See id. at 225.




n419.  See id.




n420.  The Dann sisters are members of the Dann Band, a self-sufficient,
autonomous band within the Western Shoshone Nation. See Brief of Respondents at
1, United States v. Dann, 470 U.S. 39 (1985) (No. 83-1476).




n421.  United States v. Dann, 706 F.2d 919, 926 (9th Cir. 1983), rev'd, 470 U.S.
39 (1985).




n422.  See Dann, 572 F.2d at 225. The Court of Claims affirmed the Commission's
decision to reject the intervention petition. See Western Shoshone Legal Defense
& Educ. Ass'n v. United States, 531 F.2d 495, 504 (Ct. Cl. 1976). The court
noted that the Temoak Band had contended that the Western Shoshone lands at
issue had been "taken" by the United States and that compensation was therefore
due, while the intervenors argued that the lands were never taken and therefore
still belonged to the Western Shoshones. See id. at 503. Following the rejection
of the intervention petition, the Temoak Band adopted the position that the
Shoshones still retained title to the lands covered by the Treaty and sought an
administrative determination from the Secretary of the Interior that the Western
Shoshones held equitable title to the lands. The Temoak Band contended that it
had sought damages (rather than seeking to quiet title) only because at the time
its complaint was filed no other remedy was available. See Dann, 572 F.2d at 227
n.3. While the Temoak Band was awaiting a response from the Secretary, the
Commission issued its final award. See id. at 225 (citing Western Shoshone
Identifiable Group, Represented by the Temoak Bands of Western Shoshone Indians,
Nevada, 40 U.S. Indian Claims Comm'n Dec. 305, 309-10 (1977)).




n423.  See Brief of Respondents at 6, Dann (No. 83-1476).




n424.  See Dann, 572 F.2d at 225 (citing Western Shoshone Identifiable Group,
Represented by the Temoak Bands of Western Shoshone Indians, Nevada, 40 U.S.
Indian Claims Comm'n Dec. at 309-10).




n425.  See Temoak Band of Western Shoshone Indians v. United States, 593 F.2d
994, 1002 (Ct. Cl. 1979).




n426.  See Johnson v. McIntosh, 21 U.S. (8 Wheat.) 543, 579 (1823) (holding that
the Indian title of occupancy could be extinguished by purchase or conquest);
see also supra Part II.A.1 (discussing Johnson).




n427.  Solnit, supra note 11, at 196 (describing the conduct of Bureau of Land
Management Special Agent Joe Leaf toward Carrie Dann during the Bureau's
attempted roundup of the Danns' livestock in April 1992).




n428.  43 U.S.C. 315-315r (1994).




n429.  See Dann, 572 F.2d at 223; United States v. Dann, 706 F.2d 919, 921
(1983), rev'd, 470 U.S. 39 (1985).




n430.  See Brief of Respondents at 2, Dann (No. 83-1476).




n431.  See Dann, 572 F.2d at 223.




n432.  See id. The district court issued an injunction against further
unauthorized grazing and assessed the Danns $ 500 in damages. See id.




n433.  See supra notes 420-22 and accompanying text (describing the Danns'
unsuccessful attempt to intervene in the Commission proceeding). The due process
implications of this denial of participation were explored in the Danns' brief
to the Supreme Court. See Brief of Respondents at 2, Dann (No. 83-1476).




n434.  See Brief of Respondents at 1-2, Dann (No. 83-1476).




n435.  See Dann, 572 F.2d at 227.




n436.  See id. at 223.




n437.  See id. at 226. The court explained that claims before the Commission
proceeded in three steps: (1) a decision whether the claimants ever had title to
the land in question; (2) establishment of the value of the land as of the time
of taking; and (3) determination of any offsets against the claimants by the
government. See id.




n438.  See id. at 223.




n439.  See Temoak Band of Western Shoshone Indians v. United States, 593 F.2d
994, 1002 (Ct. Cl. 1979).




n440.  See Dann, 706 F.2d at 923.




n441.  See Brief of Respondents at 8-9, Dann (No. 83-1476).




n442.  See Dann, 706 F.2d at 923. The court enjoined further trespasses by the
Danns but denied damages for trespasses prior to certification of the award. See
id. Both sides appealed. See id.




n443.  See id.




n444.  See Dann, 706 F.2d at 923-24.




n445.  Indian Claims Commission Act, 25 U.S.C. 70-70w (1976) (terminated 1978,
pursuant to 25 U.S.C. 70v (1976)). The bar provision in the statute states that
"the payment of any claim ... shall be a full discharge of the United States of
all claims and demands touching any of the matters involved in the controversy."
25 U.S.C. 70u(a); see Dann, 706 F.2d at 924 (quoting the statute).




n446.  See Dann, 706 F.2d at 925. The court reasoned that the bar provision took
effect only upon payment of the claim. See id. The court also held that no
additional bar could arise from common law res judicata doctrine. See id.




n447.  See id. at 925-26. Distribution of claims awards could only take place
after Congress acquiesced to a plan of use or distribution prepared in a timely
manner by the Secretary of the Interior or enacted by separate legislation. See
id. at 926 (citing 25 U.S.C. 1401-1407 (1994)). Because no timely plan was
submitted for the Shoshone award, separate legislation was required. See id.




n448.  See id. at 933.




n449.  See id. at 928. The court stated that "extinguishment may be accomplished
"by treaty, by the sword, by purchase, by the exercise of complete dominion
adverse to the right of occupancy, or otherwise.'... The intent must be clear,
however; "an extinguishment cannot be lightly implied.'" Id. (quoting United
States v. Santa Fe Pac. R.R., 314 U.S. 339, 347, 354 (1941)). Moreover,
extinguishment could occur only as a result of action by Congress or action by
the executive branch in which Congress acquiesced. See id. at 928-29.




n450.  The government had argued that a number of actions by the United States
caused extinguishment: the application of the public land laws, including the
homestead laws, to Western Shoshone aboriginal lands; the creation of the Duck
Valley Reservation; and the administration of the lands at issue under the
Taylor Grazing Act. See id. at 928. The court rejected all of these arguments.
See id. at 929 (rejecting application of homestead laws argument); id. at 931
(rejecting establishment of the reservation argument); id. at 932 (rejecting
Taylor Grazing Act argument). The court remanded for consideration of how long
aboriginal title had been preserved and whether the Danns were entitled to share
in it. See id. at 933. The court noted that the government had previously
admitted the existence of aboriginal title and that the issue to be decided was
whether it had survived to the date of trial. See id. at 933 n.10.




n451.  See United States v. Dann, 470 U.S. 39, 40-41, 44 (1985). The United
States had petitioned for a writ of certiorari, which the Court granted. See
United States v. Dann, 467 U.S. 1214 (1984) (mem.). By the time the Court heard
the case, the original $ 26 million claims award fund had grown to $ 43 million.
See Dann, 470 U.S. at 42-43.




n452.  Newton, supra note 416, at 763. For additional commentary on the Dann
case, see Jo Carillo, Physicists, Lawyers, and Gold Diggers: Bearing Witness in
a Culture of Secrecy, 2 Hastings W.-N.W. J. Envtl. L. & Pol'y, 83, 86-88 (1994);
Solnit, supra note 11, at 159-201; John S. Harbison, Hohfeld and Herefords: The
Concept of Property and the Law of the Range, 22 N.M. L. Rev. 459, 489-93
(1992); Kristen Chapin, Note, Indian Fishing Rights Activists in an Age of
Controversy: The Case for an Individual Aboriginal Rights Defense, 23 Envtl. L.
971, 977-81 (1993); Kristine L. Foot, Note, United States v. Dann: What It
Portends for Ownership of Millions of Acres in the Western United States, 5 Pub.
Land L. Rev. 183, 183-91 (1984) (written prior to the Supreme Court decision);
Caroline L. Orlando, Comment, Aboriginal Title Claims in the Indian Claims
Commission: United States v. Dann and Its Due Process Implications, 13 B.C.
Envtl. Aff. L. Rev. 241, 241-80 (1986).




n453.  See Dann, 470 U.S. at 44-45, 50. According to the Danns' attorneys, the
funds were actually placed in an account for the Temoak Band (rather than for
the Western Shoshones as a whole). See Brief of Respondents at 7 n.2, Dann (No.
83-1476).




n454.  See supra note 447 (explaining the need for congressional action).




n455.  The Court seemed impatient with the tribe's refusal to cooperate in
drafting a plan. See Dann, 470 U.S. at 42-43. The lack of cooperation was due to
massive Western Shoshone opposition to acceptance of the award. See Brief of
Respondents at 6, Dann (No. 83-1476); see also supra note 422 (discussing why
the Temoak Band originally sought a damages award rather than to quiet title).




n456.  See Dann, 470 U.S. at 41 n.3.




n457.  Id. at 45 (quoting H.R. Rep. No. 79-1466, at 10 (1945)).




n458.  See id.




n459.  See id. at 45, 47.




n460.  See id. at 47. The Court bolstered its conclusion with an analysis of the
meaning of "payment" under trust law. The Court assumed that Congress intended
to adopt "the accepted legal uses of the word "payment.'" Id. "Payment" could be
held to have been made even when the creditor had not received actual possession
of the funds, as long as funds were transferred from the payor to an agent or
trustee of the beneficiary, and it would be "of no consequence that the creditor
refuses to accept the funds from the agent or the agent misappropriates the
funds." Id. at 48. The Court claimed that these principles implicitly had been
applied to the relationship between the United States and an Indian tribe in
Seminole Nation v. United States, 316 U.S. 286 (1942), in which the Court held
that the United States had satisfied its treaty obligation to pay annuities to
individual tribal members by transferring the money to the Seminole General
Council, which had misappropriated the money, as long as the government
officials did not know the Council was defrauding tribal members. See id. at
296; Dann, 470 U.S. at 48-49 (citing Seminole Nation). The Court acknowledged
that in the Western Shoshone case the government had simply transferred money
from one government account to another, rather than actually transferring money
to a tribal entity as in Seminole Nation, but the Court apparently saw no reason
for a different outcome. See Dann, 470 U.S. at 48-50.




n461.  See Newton, supra note 416, at 771 (explaining that the Act was designed
to give Indians the opportunity to sue for historic wrongs).




n462.  See Dann, 470 U.S. at 50. The Ninth Circuit in turn remanded the case to
the district court for proceedings on the individual aboriginal title issue. See
United States v. Dann, 763 F.2d 379, 379 (9th Cir. 1985).




n463.  See United States v. Dann, 873 F.2d 1189, 1194 (9th Cir. 1989). The court
ruled that the Western Shoshones' aboriginal title had not been extinguished
prior to 1979. See id. at 1193.




n464.  See id. at 1193.




n465.  See id. at 1194. Specifically, the court described the Dann family's
aboriginal grazing rights as follows:



   Dewey Dann had established aboriginal individual rights to graze 170 head of
cattle, plus calves, and 10 head of horses, plus foals, and ... Mary and Carrie
Dann had established individual aboriginal rights to graze 598 head of cattle,
plus calves, and 840 head of horses, plus foals, all such grazing rights to be
held in common with permittees of the Bureau of Land Management on the lands in
dispute.

 Id. Both sides appealed. See id.




n466.  Id. at 1195. Prior to discussing the individual aboriginal title issue,
the court rejected the Danns' attempts to continue to rely on tribal aboriginal
title as a defense. See id. at 1194-95.




n467.  Id. at 1196.




n468.  See id. In their appellate brief to the Ninth Circuit, the Danns asserted
the tribal interests of the Western Shoshone Nation or the Dann Band of the
Western Shoshones. See id. The court explained further that the aboriginal
rights to the lands were tribal until they were extinguished and "paid" for
pursuant to the Indian Claims Commission Act; the remnants of the tribal title
could not thereafter survive in individual tribal members. See id.




n469.  261 U.S. 219 (1923).




n470.  See id. at 224-25, 234.




n471.  See id. at 227 (noting that "such occupancy being of a fixed character
lends support to another well understood policy, namely, that of inducing the
Indian to forsake his wandering habits and adopt those of civilized life").
Holding that Indians acquired no possessory rights upon settlement, the Cramer
Court explained, "would be contrary to the whole spirit of the traditional
American policy toward these dependent wards of the nation." Id. at 229.




n472.  See Dann, 873 F.2d at 1199. The Ninth Circuit stated that the Danns
acquired their title to the land "by occupancy, inclosure, or other actions
establishing a right to the lands to the exclusion of adverse claimants." Id.
The Danns' ranch was located on land that their parents had acquired by
obtaining a homestead patent in the 1930s (or possibly 1928) and by later buying
one section of land from a railroad. See id. at 1193 & n.2.




n473.  See id. at 1198 (citing Exec. Order No. 6910, 3 C.F.R. 141 (1938)). The
Taylor Grazing Act, 43 U.S.C. 315-315r (1994), which was enacted in 1934,
authorized the establishment of grazing districts that in effect withdrew public
lands from settlement. See 43 U.S.C. 315; Dann, 873 F.2d at 1198. The court
interpreted the rights recognized in Cramer as being based on implied government
consent to Indian occupation of public lands; this consent ended with the
enactment of the Taylor Grazing Act. See id. The court also held that tribal
aboriginal rights to the land in question had been extinguished in 1872, the
year used for valuation in the claims proceeding, rather than in 1979. See id.
The district court had found that tribal aboriginal title was extinguished in
1979, when the claims award was "paid." See id. The Ninth Circuit disagreed on
the grounds that the Commission had no jurisdiction to extinguish title, but
rather only had jurisdiction to award damages for takings that occurred on or
before August 13, 1946, and thus extinguishment could have occurred no later
than that date. See id. The Commission had not determined a date for
extinguishment, holding only that title had been extinguished in the latter part
of the nineteenth century. See id.




n474.  See id. at 1199. Such rights must have been acquired by the Danns' lineal
ancestors prior to the time that the lands were subjected to the Taylor Grazing
Act and must have been continuously exercised since. See id. at 1199-200. The
court reasoned that although Cramer did not address use rights, it recognized "a
national policy of encouraging Indians to adopt domestic pursuits" and thus the
Cramer rule was "not inconsistent with recognition of a grazing right in
individual Indians, acquired prior to ... the Taylor Grazing Act." Id. at 1199.
The Danns had taken over their parents' livestock operation, and Mary Dann had
also started her own operation in the 1940s, which Carrie Dann had joined in the
1950s. See id. at 1193.




n475.  Id. at 1200. Because the district court had focused on the status of the
Danns' claims in 1979 rather than in 1934, the Ninth Circuit remanded for the
making of the requisite findings. See id.




n476.  Dawes Act of 1887, ch. 119, 24 Stat. 388 (codified as amended at 25
U.S.C. 331-334, 339, 341-342, 348-349, 354, 381 (1994)); see supra Parts III.A-B
(discussing the Dawes Act and its application).




n477.  See United States v. Dann, 493 U.S. 890 (1989) (mem.) (denying writ of
certiorari).




n478.  Jenifer Warren, U.S.-Indian Land Feud Heats Up, L.A. Times, Sept. 24,
1991, at A3 (quoting Carrie Dann).




n479.  Dianna Hunt, Property Values: Tribal Land Claim Goes to International
Panel, Dallas Morning News, May 11, 1997, at 1A (quoting Carrie Dann).




n480.  About a dozen members of the Dann family reside on the Dann ranch,
including the Dann sisters, their brother Clifford, and children and
grandchildren of the three siblings. See id.




n481.  Id.




n482.  See Stevens, supra note 3.




n483.  See supra notes 323, 346-48 and accompanying text (describing the field
matrons' efforts to focus Indian women's labor on the house while leaving
outdoor labor to Indian men).




n484.  See supra notes 272-73 and accompanying text (describing the image of the
squaw drudge).




n485.  See supra notes 54-69 and accompanying text (discussing the Supreme
Court's failure to acknowledge Indian agricultural activities).




n486.  See supra notes 269-74, 310-18 and accompanying text (discussing efforts
to transform Indian men into crop farmers and to confine Indian women's labor to
the domestic sphere).




n487.  See supra notes 269-80 and accompanying text (discussing the government's
efforts to turn Indian men into farmers). Even on reservations with land that
was suitable only for livestock raising, the government promoted crop raising as
the preferred form of agricultural activity for Indian men. See supra note 271
and accompanying text.




n488.  See Brief of Respondents at 1, Dann (No. 83-1476).




n489.  See Ronald B. Taylor, Fiesty Indian Sisters Lead the Charge in Land
Battle, L.A. Times, Mar. 24, 1985, 1, at 3.




n490.  See supra notes 284-89 and accompanying text (discussing government
officials' preference for the nuclear family).




n491.  See supra note 480 (listing the residents of the Dann ranch).




n492.  See, e.g., Prucha, supra note 410, at 210-13 (describing the Indian
negotiators of treaties); see also Perdue, Trail of Tears, supra note 63, at
16-20 (describing the declining role of Cherokee women in treaty negotiations
and land transactions).




n493.  Treaty of Ruby Valley, supra note 410, 18 Stat. at 691; see supra notes
410-12 and accompanying text (discussing the Treaty).




n494.  See supra notes 221, 282-83 and accompanying text (discussing the
recipients of allotments).




n495.  See supra notes 275-80 and accompanying text (discussing the provision of
agricultural tools, supplies, and training to Indian men).




n496.  Taylor, supra note 489, at 3 (quoting Carrie Dann) (alteration in
original).




n497.  See infra notes 516, 518-19 and accompanying text (describing the
international recognition that the Danns have received).




n498.  The Invisible People, supra note 10 (quoting Carrie Dann); see also
Stevens, supra note 3 (noting that the Danns and Raymond Yowell, chief of the
Western Shoshone National Council, "say it's against traditional Shoshone
beliefs to take money for land").




n499.  Hunt, supra note 479 (quoting Carrie Dann). The Danns' view of the land
calls to mind some Indian objections to allotment. See, e.g., supra notes 252-54
and accompanying text.




n500.  See Warren, supra note 478; see also United States v. Dann, 873 F.2d
1189, 1196 (9th Cir. 1989) (noting that the Danns disavowed any individual
claims and asserted only tribal interests). According to one newspaper account,
the Danns had declined to pursue these claims by establishing the nature and
extent of their father's use of the land because of their belief that no
individual Shoshone owned any part of the land. See Michael Phillis, Shoshone
Vow to Fight if Feds Move Their Cattle, Gannett News Service, June 7, 1991,
available in LEXIS, News Library, GNS File; see also Solnit, supra note 11, at
173 (stating that for the Danns to have claimed individual aboriginal title
"would have been to abandon the larger issues they had been fighting for, and
through the end of their case in June of 1991 they refused to argue individual
title"). For a discussion of the federal courts' analyses of the Danns'
individual aboriginal rights, see supra notes 469-75 and accompanying text.




n501.  See Brief of Respondents at 1, Dann (No. 83-1476).




n502.  Stevens, supra note 3 (quoting Carrie Dann).




n503.  Id. (quoting Carrie Dann). This viewpoint is reflected in the Western
Shoshones' name for Nevada, "Newe Segobia," meaning "Land of the People of the
Earth Mother." See Ed Vogel, Shoshones Stake Their Claim, Las Vegas Rev.-J.,
Apr. 5, 1998, at 1B, available in 1998 WL 7212991.




n504.  Stevens, supra note 3 (quoting Carrie Dann).




n505.  The Danns' attitude toward the animals on their ranch reflects the
traditional world view of many tribes, in which animals are not seen as wholly
separate from human beings and as inferior to them. Rather, animals and humans
enjoy what Joseph Epes Brown has described as a "reciprocal interrelationship,"
and animals, who were created before humans, can even serve as teachers and
guides. Joseph Epes Brown, The Spiritual Legacy of the American Indian 125
(1982); see id. at 124-26.




n506.  Hunt, supra note 479 (quoting Carrie Dann).




n507.  See id. (describing government roundups of livestock); see also Solnit,
supra note 11, at 191-96 (describing an attempted roundup of the Danns'
livestock on April 9, 1992). The Danns' concern for keeping land available for
the needs of animals is apparently not shared by everyone in their community.
The owner of the ranch adjacent to the Danns' ranch recently sold his land to a
large mining company. See Hunt, supra note 479. The neighbor, Maynard Alves, has
publicly expressed considerable hostility toward the Danns. In his opinion, the
government "just let them do anything they want to do because it is politically
correct because they are Indians." Id. The discovery of gold in the area has led
to what has been described as "one of the largest gold rushes in recent years."
Id.




n508.  See Johnson v. McIntosh, 21 U.S. (8 Wheat.) 543, 573 (1823); see also
supra notes 39-40 and accompanying text (discussing the Johnson Court's holding
on tribal relations with foreign nations).




n509.  See Danyelle Robinson, Shoshone Seeking UN Relief: Western Nation Files
Grievances Against Government, Indian Country Today, Apr. 21-28, 1997, at B1.




n510.  See id.




n511.  See id.




n512.  See id.




n513.  See Hunt, supra note 479.




n514.  Id. (quoting the U.S. Department of Justice's response to the OAS).




n515.  See supra notes 498-504 and accompanying text (discussing the Danns' view
of the land).




n516.  See Hunt, supra note 479. In commenting on the Commission's plan, Robert
T. Coulter, who is representing the Danns in their OAS claim, stated that ""it
will mean a fresh and disinterested eye will be brought to bear on longstanding
items that courts in the United States have not addressed.'" Id. (quoting Robert
T. Coulter).




n517.  See Brenda Norrell, Dann's [sic] Take Land Battle to World Court, Indian
Country Today, Sept. 14-21, 1998, at A2. The State Department has asked the
Bureau of Land Management to consider carefully the potential foreign policy
implications of its actions against the Danns. See id.




n518.  People: "Alternative Nobels" Awarded, Star Trib. (Minneapolis, MN), Oct.
7, 1993, at B3, available in LEXIS, News Library, Papers File (quoting the award
committee); see also Reena Shah Stamets, Alternate Nobel Hails the Small
Victories, St. Petersburg Times, Oct. 10, 1993, at A17 (discussing the Right
Livelihood Award). The award, which is conferred by Sweden's Right Livelihood
Award Foundation, is traditionally presented in the Swedish parliament on the
day before the Nobel Prize presentations. See Peace, Autonomy, Oppression Key
Issues for Alternative Nobel, Agence France-Presse, Dec. 8, 1993, available in
1993 WL 10804860. Carrie Dann traveled to Stockholm to accept the award. See
Human Rights, supra note 11.




n519.  See Government and Indians Settle Longstanding Land Feud, Reuters North
American Wire, Sept. 24, 1991, available in LEXIS, News Library, Wires File.




n520.  Felix S. Cohen, Americanizing the White Man, 21 Am. Scholar 177, 177-78
(1952) (quoting an Indian elder's response to a question posed by Commissioner
of Indian Affairs Dillon S. Myer regarding what the federal government could do
to "Americanize the Indian"). For an excellent article analyzing how federal
Indian law jurisprudence denies respect to the vision of American Indians and
exploring the need to decolonize and "Americanize" U.S. legal discourse on
Indian rights by building into it respect for Indian people's vision, see
generally Robert A. Williams, Jr., The Algebra of Federal Indian Law: The Hard
Trail of Decolonizing and Americanizing the White Man's Indian Jurisprudence,
1986 Wis. L. Rev. 219.




n521.  See Johnson v. McIntosh, 21 U.S. (8 Wheat.) 543, 579, 586-87 (1823);
supra notes 31-36 and accompanying text.




n522.  See Johnson, 21 U.S. (8 Wheat.) at 590-91; supra notes 45-50 and
accompanying text.




n523.  For example, in the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance
Act of 1975, Pub. L. No. 93-638, 88 Stat. 2203 (1975) (codified as amended at 25
U.S.C. 450a (1994)), Congress declared "its commitment to the maintenance of the
Federal Government's unique and continuing relationship with, and responsibility
to, individual Indian tribes and to the Indian people as a whole through the
establishment of a meaningful Indian self-determination policy." Id. 3, 88 Stat.
at 2204; see also Government-to-Government Relations with Native American
Governments, 59 Fed. Reg. 22,951 (1994), reprinted in 25 U.S.C. 450 (Supp. 1998)
(stating the President's commitment to "building a more effective day-to-day
working relationship reflecting respect for the rights of self-government due
the sovereign tribal governments").




n524.  Williams, supra note 520, at 299.




                               51 of 90 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright (c) 2012 The Regents of the University of
                                   California
                             Ecology Law Quarterly

                                      2012

                             Ecology Law Quarterly

                               39 Ecology L.Q. 57

LENGTH: 32166 words

ARTICLE: The Case for a Global Treaty on Soil Conservation, Sustainable Farming,
and the Preservation of Agrarian Culture

NAME: Nicholas A. Fromherz*

BIO: © 2012 Regents of the University of California.

* Environmental Law and Policy Scholar, Adelante Mujeres. This Article is
dedicated to the memory of the Honorable Terence T. Evans.

We welcome responses to this Article. If you are interested in submitting a
response for our online companion journal, Ecology Law Currents, please contact
ecologylawcurrents@boalt.org. Responses to articles may be viewed at our
website, http://www.boalt.org/elq.

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... These functions and benefits include food security and food sovereignty; a
clean water supply; biodiversity; buttressing the gains made through other,
nonsoil conservation efforts; ensuring that agricultural activity is not pushed
onto marginal lands; mitigation of climate change through storage of carbon
dioxide; and aesthetic value.  ... Benefiting as they do from economies of
scale, large industrial farms are better positioned to survive productivity
losses resulting from soil degradation.  ... The reason for this is fairly
simple: in addition to yielding various products for the farmer to either
consume or bring to market, the variety of crops and natural fertilizer provided
by the animals led to healthier soils, which in turn were able to better support
grazing plants for the livestock.  ... The closest the UNCBD comes to
referencing soil is in its definition of "biological diversity": "The
variability among living organisms from all sources ... and the ecological
complexes of which they are part; this includes diversity within species,
between species and of ecosystems." ...  Recognizing the need for agreements and
legislation specifically targeting soil, advocates have formulated the
following: the World Soil Charter, the European Charter for the Protection and
Sustainable Management of Soil, the Thematic Strategy for Soil Protection, the
European Soil Charter, the Alpine Convention Soil Conservation Protocol ("Alpine
Convention"), African Convention on the Conservation of Nature and Natural
Resources (article on soil), Association of Southeast Asian Nations' Agreement
on the Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources (article on soil), World
Soils Agenda, the Tutzing Initiative for a Soil Convention, the International
Conference on Land Degradation, and the International Union for Conservation of
Nature (IUCN) Draft Protocol for the Conservation and Sustainable Use of Soils.
... At best, the cultural aspects of farming communities receive protection only
as a consequence of legislation designed to support small-scale farming itself
(e.g., in the United States, the Food Safety Modernization Act indirectly
promotes the preservation of agrarian culture by diminishing certain compliance
burdens for family farmers and certified organic operations). d.  ... The treaty
will require participating nations to enact legislation that condemns land-use
practices known to contribute to soil erosion, as well as legislation that
promotes practices conducive to preservation of top soil.  ... The treaty I
propose will require adherence to the following irrigation principles: water and
saline content of soil must be monitored consistently to ensure efficient use of
water resources and as an early warning system for salinization issues; drip
irrigation, with direct delivery to the active root zone, is favored over
conventional sprinkler irrigation; where drip irrigation is not feasible,
irrigation should be performed at night to reduce evaporation; "waste water"
should be used judiciously; and adequate drainage systems must be installed to
"reduce the environmental effects of salts and trace elements carried in water
discharge." ... This would not only lead to more ecologically sustainable
farming but would also take one more advantage away from industrial agriculture,
as many small-scale farmers cannot afford these expensive pesticides. .  ...
Soil and Agriculture Seen As Domestic Issues or As Distinct Issues to Be
Approached Separately Even where people do perceive soil conservation and
sustainable agriculture as important public issues, they often either (1) fail
to see them as international problems, or (2) fail to see the connection between
the two issues.

HIGHLIGHT:

   Soil is the foundation of life, yet the international community has all but
ignored it in conservation efforts and legal reforms. Right under our feet we
are losing topsoil at rates that far outpace nature's ability to keep up.
Erosion, salinization, desertification, nutrient depletion, contamination -
these and other threats have conspired to take away the land that feeds us. But
they have done so largely at our own command. Like most environmental crises,
human decisions have played a critical role in the degradation of Earth's soils.


   To remedy this situation - or at least generate change that moves us in the
right direction - I argue that we need a new global treaty specifically designed
to address the soil crisis. After explaining the nature of the threat and its
causes, I canvass the social and legal responses that have been launched to
address the problem. Through this discussion, we see that the international
community has failed to meet the soil crisis with the construction of an
adequate legal regime.


   As an extension of this failure, the international community has also failed
to recognize the other problem that comes along with land degradation: cultural
erosion. As we convert valuable farmland to urban sprawl and lose fertile spaces
to expanding deserts, we also witness the loss of small-scale farming and the
communities it supports. I reveal the link between these two crises by
emphasizing a common cause: the rise of industrial agriculture. With its
emphasis on short-term profit margins, mechanization, product specialization,
division of labor and capital, and economies of scale, industrial agriculture
profits at the expense of ecology and rural communities. To save our soils and
the communities that work them, I argue that a global treaty addressing soils
should also address agrarian culture and - in the way of responding to both
issues - should implement reforms in support of sustainable farming.


 TEXT:
 [*59]

   Introduction

 The earth beneath our feet has a tough lot in life. We ask it to feed us, to
support our buildings and roads, and to filter our water, but we treat it like,
well, dirt.

    [*60]  The story of the human race is the story of soil. As we unlocked the
secrets of agriculture, we were able to build grand civilizations. n1 Surplus
food allowed us to spend time pursuing other endeavors - the arts, science and
medicine, philosophy, and higher forms of government. n2 There was a time when
we respected the farmer and the land he worked for all they brought us. It seems
that time may be behind us. Although the need for soil conservation and
sustainable agriculture is more pressing than ever, these concerns have largely
failed to capture the public's attention. They have certainly failed to generate
the kind of national and international legislation that has sprung forth from
the threats of climate change, water shortage, air pollution, and disappearance
of species. n3

   But soil loss is a serious matter. A single inch of topsoil n4 may take
anywhere from half a century to several thousand years to form. n5 Stripped of
its natural cover and worked carelessly, this same inch of topsoil can be lost
to erosion in less than twenty-five years. n6 Though one would imagine this
reality would prompt responsible stewardship, we are in fact using and abusing
our soils with reckless abandon (e.g., salinization through careless irrigation,
nutrient depletion and biodiversity loss through monoculture, and the conversion
of valuable farmland to urban sprawl). Despite the very real fact that soil is a
nonrenewable natural resource, "each year an additional 20 million hectares of
agricultural land either becomes too degraded for crop production or becomes
lost to urban sprawl." n7 Overall, humans have subjected an area the size of the
United States and Canada combined to some degree of  [*61]  soil degradation. n8
Some of these lands can be restored (though only through much effort over a long
period of time), but many of them are ruined forever. n9

   Physical erosion is not the only danger. As we convert our agriculturally
rich lands to suburbs and concentrate food production and distribution in the
hands of big business, we also erode the family farm and the culture that comes
with it. Far too often the conversation about soil conservation and sustainable
agriculture ignores the human element. Or, if the conversation takes this
element into account, it only does so in the way of fears of a starving planet.
Food security is certainly a major concern - one that must be addressed in any
analysis of soil and agricultural policy - but how we feed the global population
is equally important. If we are content to call small-scale farming a thing of
the past, then we should continue on course. But if we believe that the
campesino way of life matters - that it is too rich in tradition, history, and
ongoing contributions to simply shelve away for good - then we should take a
second look. n10 When we do so, we find that preserving rural culture is in fact
a key component to promoting sustainable agricultural and healthy soils. To put
it differently, sustainability involves not just an ecological component but
also a cultural component.

   In this Article, I argue that the value of soil, sustainable farming, and
agrarian culture, and the threats they face merit protection through a global
treaty. Though the issues of soil conservation and sustainable agriculture may
be treated separately, they are so closely bound that it makes more sense to
approach them as one. We cannot save our soils without significant reforms to
global agricultural practices. And while we might be able to achieve
ecologically sustainable agriculture, including responsible use of soil, without
preserving the campesino way of life, the result would offend notions of
economic and cultural justice. To achieve this truly holistic goal - global soil
practices that foster ecologically sound agriculture and recognize the value of
the small-scale farmer - we need a new legal regime. Comprehensive enough to
recognize the complexities of the issue, yet specific enough to usher in real
change, this treaty would demand practices consistent with soil conservation,
responsible farming, and preserving agrarian culture. In the absence of binding
international law, individual states lack both the power and the incentives to
make these changes. n11

    [*62]  To show why such a treaty is necessary, I devote Part I to explaining
the physical functions of soil and the benefits that inhere when our soils are
healthy and abundant. These functions and benefits include food security and
food sovereignty; a clean water supply; biodiversity; buttressing the gains made
through other, nonsoil conservation efforts; ensuring that agricultural activity
is not pushed onto marginal lands; mitigation of climate change through storage
of carbon dioxide; and aesthetic value.

   Having established the more obvious benefits of healthy and plentiful soils,
I turn in Part II to the more nuanced topic of agrarian culture. I use Part II
to explain the value of family farms from a cultural, ecological, and economic
perspective. I show the connections between the continued existence of the
family farm and agrarian culture on the one hand and sound soil and agricultural
policy on the other. Exploring these connections, I identify a symbiotic
relationship between rural culture, the preservation of the small farm,
promotion of sustainable agriculture, and conservation of global soils.

   With an appreciation for the functions of soil and the value of agrarian
culture and their mutually beneficial relationship, I turn in Part III to the
threats they face. Here, the connection between agrarian cultural and soil
conservation becomes all the more obvious. With few exceptions, a threat to the
family farm is a threat to the soil, and vice versa. Industrial agriculture and
the short-sighted practices that accompany it - "free" trade, erosion,
salinization, contamination, nutrient depletion, urban sprawl, and other threats
- are discussed in detail, leaving the reader with the unfortunately accurate
impression that the situation is indeed serious.

   In Part IV, I turn to the task of problem solving. I argue that the
indispensable role of soil and the critical status of the world's agrarian
communities demand international attention. After canvassing current laws,
including a review of their benefits and their shortcomings, I offer a basic
sketch of a new treaty. Although a nonbinding resolution or declaration could
embody the main points of the treaty, binding law is needed to effect real
change. n12 A nonbinding resolution may be a reasonable first step, but it
cannot be the endpoint.

    [*63]  Finally, in Part V, I address the barriers to a global treaty. From
soil's low international profile to the prejudice against rural causes, the
obstacles standing in the way of change are substantial. These forces
notwithstanding, I conclude that a global treaty is not only feasible, but that
it would be hailed as a great victory by the overwhelming majority of the
world's population.

   I. The Importance of Abundant and Healthy Soil

 Soil must surely rank as the most underappreciated natural resource. n13 We
marvel at the oceans, n14 write odes to our rivers, n15 obtain gas and minerals
not easily retrievable, n16 organize global campaigns to curb the destruction of
rainforest, n17 and enact strict legislation to protect endangered species. n18
At best, we view soil as little more than a vehicle for crop production. In so
doing, we fail to appreciate one of the world's true natural treasures.

[*64]

   A. Understanding Soil: The Basics

 Soil is a complicated substance. As with the ocean, we are just beginning to
understand the intricacy that lies hidden beneath the surface. n19 Depending as
soil does upon numerous variables - parent material, topography, and climate
ranking chief among them - experts have identified over 19,000 "soil series."
n20 A handful of dirt also can contain more organisms than the world has people.
n21 Simply put, soil is "one of the most diverse habitats on earth." n22

   But how exactly is soil formed? Dr. Hans Jenny's formula may provide the best
explanation: soil is a function of climate, organisms, topography, parent
material, and time. n23 The identity of these factors varies dramatically from
place to place, producing an almost limitless variety of soil permutations. When
we add human activity to the list, the universe of soil conditions expands even
further. An alpine meadow in the Cascades - child of basalt, mountain hemlock,
and massive amounts of rain - will have very different characteristics than the
soil anchoring a Nebraska cornfield. n24 Some soils are fine grained, while
others are coarse grained. n25 Some are full of organic material, while some are
little more than pulverized rock. Some soils - like those of the Amazon
rainforest - appear to be rich in nutrients but actually lack them due to rapid
uptake by plants and leaching. n26 In the desert, the topsoil is often thin,
lacking organic material, and highly susceptible to erosion. n27 And of course
[*65]  some soils are more suited to crop production, while others lack the
nutrients and water to grow much more than sagebrush. n28

   Soil, in any form, is comprised of several layers or "horizons." n29 These
include the O horizon (organic top layer), the A horizon (surface
mineral-organic mix, or "topsoil"), the E horizon (a mineral horizon, generally
lighter in color, in which the main feature is leaching of silicate clay, iron,
aluminum, or some combination of these, leaving a concentration of sand and silt
particles), the B horizon (subsoil), the C horizon (weathered rock), and finally
the R horizon (underlying bedrock). n30

   I discuss the various physical, economic, and social functions of soil in
more detail below, but for now I point out the following summary from the United
States Department of Agriculture: soil regulates water, sustains plant and
animal life, filters potential pollutants, cycles nutrients, and provides
support for structures. n31 As I explain below, this list of soil functions is
far from comprehensive.

   B. Food Security and Food Sovereignty

 The most obvious function of soil is food production. All plants need soil to
grow, with only a few exceptions, and animals in turn owe their existence to
plant life. n32 Therefore, almost every organism - whether a blade of grass or a
modern city dweller - requires soil to feed itself. However, around the world,
the lack of healthy and abundant soils presents concerns over security and
sovereignty.

   Food security is the degree to which a person or nation has access to food,
n33 and is "directly related to the ability of land to support its populations."
n34 Advances in agriculture and technology have gone a long way  [*66]  to pump
more production out of each cultivated acre, n35 but at some point that will not
be enough. In many parts of the world, that is already the case. Many of us read
with horror the tales of the devastating famine that struck the Horn of Africa
in the summer of 2011. n36 That was not an isolated event. In Madagascar, nearly
50 percent of citizens suffer from chronic malnutrition. n37 The situation is
equally grim all across sub-Saharan Africa and the Indian Subcontinent. n38 From
where I write in Bolivia, over half of all municipalities have a "high" or "very
high" vulnerability to food insecurity. n39 Meanwhile, the country lost 100,000
hectares of cultivated land in agricultural year 2009-10. n40 World hunger is
far from defeated - in fact, it has worsened in recent years n41 - and the
situation is not likely to improve. "Current estimates predict that food
production in the developing world will have to double in the next 30 years to
meet the needs of growing populations." n42

   Even in the "developed" world, food supplies are not secure. For the last
thirty years "evidence has been mounting that hunger and food insecurity remain
critical global issues, not just in the countries of the South but also in the
advanced welfare states of the North, such as Australia, Canada, New Zealand,
the United Kingdom, and the United States." n43

   Where do we go to find this food? That is where soil becomes critical.
Without sufficient quantities of fertile land, we lack the ability to keep up
with a growing population. Enter "peak soil." Borrowing from the petroleum-based
concept ("peak oil"), the term "peak soil" describes the situation where global
food production "peaks" - with no more room to grow - but our food needs
continue to climb. n44 This scenario is not as far fetched as it seems. With the
global population predicted to hit 9.5 billion by 2050, we will have to produce
[*67]  more food within the next half-century than during the last 10,000 years
combined. n45 In many parts of the world, obtaining food "will become a crisis
of rapidly growing proportions." n46

   But, even assuming we can achieve global food security, there is still the
issue of food sovereignty. The concept of food sovereignty arises from the
distinction between (1) a nation having the ability to feed its people through
whatever means and (2) a nation being able to feed its people using its own
resources. There is a general notion that every nation should be able to feed
itself; even if it chooses not to do so, a country that can feed its own people
when pressed will also have the wherewithal to act with a greater degree of
independence on the world stage. n47 A state that cannot meet the rudimentary
needs of its people - physical security, basic goods and services, and
nourishment - is subject to bullying and coercion from abroad. n48

   Some nations suffer from a lack of food security and food sovereignty.
Returning to the topic of Madagascar, then-President Marc Ravalomanana was
ousted in 2009 when he tried to lease nearly half the country's arable land to
the South Korean company Daewoo for a term of ninety-nine years. n49 Despite the
fact that half the population was suffering from chronic malnutrition, the
government was prepared to trade its land for six billion dollars. n50 While not
an entirely irrational plan, it is disturbing that a starving nation would trade
away the very soil that grows its food. Viewed from another angle, this incident
shows how desperate wealthier nations are for arable land. There is just not
enough of it to go around.

   More than just a concern for national governments, food sovereignty is also
important at the community, family, and individual levels. In calling for a
shift in the way we think about food - from a tradable and sellable commodity to
a public good - advocates recognize that "the core of food sovereignty is
reclaiming public decision-making power in the food system." n51 It is not
enough that a nation or community has sufficient food; the people must control
[*68]  how the need for food is met. "The language of food sovereignty, as
opposed to food security, is explicit about food citizenship: it emphasizes that
people must have a say in how their food is produced and where it comes from."
n52

   Concern with food sovereignty is not a fad. Although the term itself was
coined in recent years by global peasant movements, n53 the idea of food
sovereignty, at least at the individual level, can be traced back to Thomas
Jefferson. n54 The ability to feed oneself is key to independence; if you can
feed yourself, you have the power to say "no." As the concept of food
sovereignty has gained currency in recent years - spurred on by the
commoditization of food in the global economy - it has found its way into
constitutions and national legislation. n55 Bolivia, Ecuador, Mali, Nepal,
Nicaragua, Senegal, Uruguay, and Venezuela have all deemed the issue important
enough to merit legal reference. n56

   C. The Soil-Water Relationship

 Water isn't itself without soil, and soil cannot support life in the absence of
water. Soil is nature's water filter, n57 cleansing it of toxins that would
otherwise pose serious health threats. Aquifers, one of the most important
sources of potable water, only function as a source of potable water by virtue
of soil's filtering properties. n58 In addition, the sponge-like properties of
many  [*69]  soils serve as our best defense against devastating floods, soaking
up excess rainfall. n59

   Of course, the relationship between soil and water does not only benefit
water. Without sufficient water, soil cannot fulfill its role as the foundation
of plant life. Although plants can be grown in the absence of soil - think
hydroponics - they fail without water. Most plants grow in soil for the very
fact that soil retains water, allowing the plants to take it up gradually.
Indirectly, the water content of soil impacts plant life "through its effect on
aeration, temperature, and nutrient transport, uptake and transformation." n60
In turn, this plant life enriches the soil, providing it with nutrients as the
plants die and decay. Further, as will be discussed in the next Part, soil
supports a dizzying array of bacteria, insects, and small animals, all of which
would be homeless but for the presence of water.

   In short, if we care about water and the life it supports, we must also care
about the state of our soil. We ignore one at the expense of the other.

   D. Biodiversity

 What lies in a handful of dirt? In a single gram of soil taken from a beech
grove, scientists identified 6000 species of bacteria. n61 In the forests of the
Pacific Northwest, a square foot of soil may contain up to 250 species of
invertebrates. n62 All told, the number of organisms living underneath the earth
is far greater than the number that exists on top of it. n63 Beyond sheer
numbers, the range of species contained in soil is mind boggling: "The soil
biota contains representatives of all groups of micro-organisms, fungi,
bacteria, algae and viruses, as well as the microfauna, such as protozoa and
nematodes. The total diversity is equal to or greater than any rainforest or
coral reef." n64 Simply put, "soil is by far the most biologically diverse part
of Earth." n65

    [*70]  Like life in the ocean, however, we know very little about the
communities that inhabit our soils. n66 Some of these species may be of lesser
importance to the broader ecosystem, but do we really want to take our chances
with extinction? With many antibiotics derived from soil-based organisms, n67
the potential loss to the healthcare sector alone should make us think twice
about loss of soil biodiversity. And that's to say nothing of the fact that soil
relies on these organisms to perform its own critical functions. "These
organisms improve the entry and storage of water, resistance to erosion, plant
nutrition, and breakdown of organic matter." n68 A diverse range of organisms
"provides checks and balances to the soil food web through population control,
mobility, and survival from season to season." n69 In sum, soil biodiversity is
key for the species that make up the soil food chain and for soil's continued
ability to serve as the foundation of the broader global food chain.

   E. Soil and Climate Change

 According to the European Environment Agency (EEA), "soil is a major factor in
our response to tackling climate change as it is the second largest carbon pool
after the oceans." n70 Global warming is caused by "greenhouse gases," chief
among them carbon dioxide. Carbon accumulates in plants, which "fix" the carbon
dioxide in the atmosphere. n71 As these plants decay, they pass their carbon on
to the soil. In Europe alone, some 75 billion tons of carbon are stored in the
soil. n72 To put this number in perspective, it is estimated that the European
Union nations emitted 1.5 billion tons of carbon in 2006. n73 There is a lot
more carbon underground than we spew into the atmosphere every year.

   Reducing carbon emissions should be our top priority in the fight against
climate change, but this will not occur overnight. In the meantime, we need to
deal with the excess carbon. This is where soil comes in. Though we have to
approach the idea with caution, soil's capacity to store carbon could be an
important weapon in the climate-change arsenal. As the EEA explains: "Soil
carbon sequestration cannot be alone the solution due to the limited magnitude
of its effects and its potential reversibility. Nevertheless, it could play an
important role in climate mitigation in the short term together with other
[*71]  measures, especially because of its immediate availability and the
relatively low cost." n74

   On the other hand, this same carbon-storing aspect of soil also points to a
major risk: the release of stored carbon into the atmosphere through careless
land-use practices. When we drain wetlands or convert forests and grasslands
into agricultural zones, we release massive amounts of carbon - previously
stored in the soil - directly into the atmosphere. n75 This is not an
insignificant phenomenon. In the United Kingdom, soil carbon losses are
estimated at 13 million tons since 1990. n76 This storage loss "corresponds to
about 10% of the annual UK industrial carbon emissions (2006), which is
approximately the same as the reduction of industrial CO<2> emissions in the
period 1990-2006." n77 Soil's character as a carbon sink presents great
opportunity, but it also presents great risk - that the CO<2> may still
eventually escape.

   F. The Aesthetic and Sentimental Value of Soil

 In environmental ethics, conservationists generally subscribe to one of two
schools of thought: "wise use" or "intrinsic value." n78 "Wise use" refers to an
outlook that values nature according to how it serves human needs. n79 In
contrast, "intrinsic value" - a philosophy championed by John Muir - posits that
nature is to be cherished regardless of its utility to mankind. n80 Of course,
there is nothing preventing one from appreciating a natural resource for both
its utility and its inherent value. We respect the ocean for what it provides
(food, shipping lanes, the water cycle, et cetera), but we also admire it for
its sheer aesthetic value. We have a similar attitude toward the forest,
mountains, rivers, and so on. Yet, for some reason, most of us don't think this
way about soil. n81  [*72]  Even if we recognize the important functions it
performs, we don't find it all that inspiring.

   There are, however, some very notable exceptions. Dr. Hans Jenny, the father
of soil science, waxes poetic:



   Soil appeals to my senses. I like to dig in it and work it with my hands. I
enjoy doing the soil texture field test with my fingers or kneading a clay soil,
which is a short step from ceramics or sculpture.




   Soil has a pleasant smell. I like to sit on bare, sun-drenched ground and
take in the fragrance of soil. As yet, neither smell nor touch sensations have
been accorded aesthetic recognition, but colors delight painters, photographers,
and writers, as well as you and me.




   In loess country, plowed fields on slopes show wide bands of attractive color
gradations from dark browns to light yellows, caused by erosion of the surface
soil. Warm brownish colors characterize fields and roofs in Cezanne's landscape
paintings of southern France, and radiant red soils of the tropics dominate
canvasses of Gauguin and Portinari. Soil profiles viewed in pits may reveal
vivid color and structure patterns of layers or horizons. I have seen so many
delicate shapes, forms, and colors in soil profiles that, to me, soils are
beautiful. n82

 If we could all channel Jenny's spirit, we might have a stronger appreciation
for soil and fight harder to protect it. Aesthetic appreciation and conservation
movements often go hand in hand, n83 and the same could certainly be true for
soil.

   G. Soil Left Unprotected Diminishes the Gains of Other Conservation Efforts

 In concluding this Part, n84 I want to stress once again the critical role of
soil in the broader ecosystem. Just about everything we cherish in the natural
world - forests, rivers, wildlife - somehow depends on and is affected by soil.
We have made significant gains in enacting legislation to protect these gems,
[*73]  but if we fail to include soil in the mix, our efforts could be for
naught. n85 What good do we accomplish by designating the John Day as a "Wild
and Scenic River" n86 if erosion on surrounding agricultural land clouds it with
sediment, destroying precious steelhead habitat? Why is there so much outcry
over the BP disaster in the Gulf of Mexico but so little about the "dead zone" -
an oxygen-depleted area where no little to no life can exist - 6000 square miles
in size that was created by dumping hundreds of thousands of tons of
fertilizer-laden soil into the Gulf every year? n87 Even if soil issues seem
dull or uninspiring, they must command our attention if for no other reason than
their importance to related environmental concerns.

   II. The Value of Agrarian Culture and Sustainable Farming

   A. Farming as the Foundation of Society

 Before farming - including both raising crops and animal husbandry - complex
societies did not exist. n88 Hunting and gathering simply did not provide enough
surplus food for humans to focus on nonessential activities. n89

   Nearly every advanced society, including that of the United States, n90
progressed on the basis of developments in agriculture. n91 European
civilizations only developed after agricultural techniques were imported from
Africa. n92 It was not until the Mesopotamians were able to master irrigation
that  [*74]  their society flourished. n93 The Mayans built a network of canals
to sustain their cultivation of maize during the dry season; the Incans
established a vast network of crops on the slopes of the Andes using terracing
and unique drainage techniques; camel herders played a critical role in the rise
of Islamic civilization. n94 The list goes on. If we appreciate anything about
human civilization, we owe a debt of gratitude to our agricultural ancestors.

   B. The Campesino Way of Life Is Worth Preserving from a Sociocultural
Perspective

 Traditional, small-scale farming is much more than a vocation - it is a way of
life. The primary motivation for a farmer to sow and harvest crops may be
economic, but the results are far more profound. Agrarian culture is just that:
an entire culture whose identity is tied to working the land. Through song,
dance, food, visual art, and religious traditions, agrarian communities
celebrate their connection with the earth in unique and invaluable ways.

   The precise contours of agrarian culture vary from place to place, but the
common denominator is a relationship between people and land that is something
to behold. Take the case of Mexico:



   More than a way of earning a living, the campo (land) is a way of life for
many Mexican campesinos. It is an ideology with roots in the pre-Columbian past
that has been sustained by the agrarian reforms and rhetoric of the revolution.
Being a campesino is different from having a job. It is a way of relating to
land and community. It is a sense of place and identity not easily shaken. The
campo is the heart and soul of Mexico - all readily discovered in the deep
melancholy and joy for life tapped by its ranchera music, the instinctive
hospitality of its people, the resonance of its rituals, and the easy acceptance
of life's natural rhythms. n95

 Much the same could be said about the campesinos in Bolivia. Though they have
different customs - and in fact the customs range far and wide even within the
country - Bolivian campesinos possess a soulfulness that seems lacking in modern
city life. When they build home, they mark the occasion with an offering to
Pachamama (Mother Earth), usually burning some incense and pouring out beer in
her honor. n96 They often drink chicha on Sundays, a home-made alcoholic
beverage brewed with fermented maize or quinoa. n97  [*75]  They dance tinku n98
and speak Quechua or Aymara in addition to Spanish n99 - a lingual diversity not
nearly so common in the city - and many of them seek the aid of kallawayas,
shamans whose ancestors healed the Incan nobility. n100 Land is frequently held
and worked in common, with all partaking in the labor and fruits of the ayllu,
the traditional community unit. n101

   Farther north, Canadian author Brian Brett explores the traditions and
customs that prevail on small, mixed-use farms in British Columbia. n102 The
owner of a small farm himself, Brett waxes poetic about the "glory and joy and
terror of living on the land." n103 From the tradition of discussing prices and
weather at the local cafe n104 to pig roasts n105 and sharing meals prepared
with food fresh from the backyard n106 to the childhood joy of thieving fruits
from neighboring orchards n107 or searching out unpasteurized milk, n108 life on
and among small farms in the Pacific Northwest is unique. Even though these
farms may not have "an ice cube's chance in hell" when stacked up against their
large-scale industrial counterparts, their owners push on just the same. n109
Perhaps it is obstinacy. Or perhaps there is something of real value there -
something that cannot be found in the city or working as a specialized
day-laborer, performing the same task over and over. Mandatory waving on the
local roads, a fall fair that brings the whole community together, tool-sharing
and mutual aid as the norm - such have become increasingly rare as the small
farm becomes a thing of the past. n110 In pockets, though, these ways still
exist.

   These are just three examples of how the work and environment of the family
farm lead to cultural differentiation. n111 The specific customs and  [*76]
traditions vary around the world, but the constant in this: country life is
different than city life, and that difference holds value.

   The United Nations agrees. In its Declaration on Cultural Diversity, UNESCO
has determined that "cultural rights are an integral part of human rights." n112
According to UNESCO, "all persons have the right to participate in the cultural
life of their choice and conduct their own cultural practices, subject to
respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms." n113 Underlying this
position is the belief that cultural heritage is the wellspring of creativity
and that, in all its forms, "it must be preserved, enhanced and handed on to
future generations as a record of human experience and aspirations, so as to
foster creativity in all its diversity and to inspire genuine dialogue among
cultures." n114 This dialogue and interchange of ideas has been shown to have
economic benefits n115 and, in the case of agriculture, can lead to the adoption
of more sustainable practices. n116 If cultural diversity, including the
diversity that exists within and among agrarian communities, is not preserved,
then the marketplace of ideas suffers. n117

   C. The Campesino Way of Life Can be Preserved, but Sustainable Agriculture
and Soil Protection Are Necessary Predicates

 Rather than proposing three separate treaties - one each regarding soil
conservation, sustainable farming, and the preservation of agrarian culture - I
propose one, all-encompassing treaty. The reason for this is that all three
concerns are bound together in fundamental ways; addressing them separately
would be inefficient at best and court futility at worst. Analyzing them as one
allows us to recognize the fundamental connections and apply solutions to shared
problems.

    [*77]  To illustrate my point, take the case of agrarian culture. Without
secure soil resources and a legal regime that promotes sustainable and just
farming, efforts to preserve agrarian culture will be largely meaningless.
Agrarian culture is based on earning a living from the land. As the land
collapses and family farmers are out-competed by industrial agriculture, the
culture growing out of small-scale farming also finds itself in jeopardy. n118
This is not to suggest that cultural preservation will flow naturally from
improved soil conservation and sustainable farming - they are necessary but not
sufficient conditions. n119

   Just as the effects of climate change will be felt most intensely by the poor
in "undeveloped" and "developing" nations, n120 so too do the effects of soil
degradation most gravely impact the small-scale farmer. Benefiting as they do
from economies of scale, large industrial farms are better positioned to survive
productivity losses resulting from soil degradation. n121 If a 10,000-acre farm
loses one hundred acres to erosion, profit margins may suffer, but the farm is
not likely to go out of business. If a two hundred acre farm loses the same
amount of land, the story is entirely different. n122 Soil conservation, in
other  [*78]  words, is a more pressing issue for the small-scale farmer than it
is for industrial agriculture.

   In a similar way, a legal regime that imposed strict rules promoting
sustainable farming would do more for the family farmer than it would for "Big
Ag." n123 As it stands, it is extremely difficult for family farmers to compete
against their industrial counterparts. n124 Strict rules on sustainable farming
would level the playing field. For example, if every poultry farmer were forced
to raise free-range chickens, if rBGH were banned from all dairy farms, n125 or
if monoculture were prohibited, the competitive advantage of industrial
agriculture would be diminished and we would have healthier food and ecosystems
to boot. n126

   D. Economic Justice and Community Welfare Demand a Place for the Small-Scale
Farmer

 Preserving rural culture is a worthy cause in and of itself, but this is not
the only reason to favor small-scale farming over industrial agriculture. For a
large portion of the world's population, family and community farming present an
opportunity to earn a living in a more dignified way, all while enhancing
community welfare.

   In absolute economic terms, industrial agriculture may outperform small-scale
farming because it produces more with less, at least in the short term. Of
course, that says nothing of wealth distribution, and that is where industrial
agriculture loses its stride. Like most corporations, Big Ag companies produce
much for the few, little for the many. n127 The chances of a family farmer
[*79]  striking it rich are perhaps equally slim, but her chances of earning a
decent living are much higher than her counterpart picking strawberries on a
10,000-acre Big Ag farm.

   This is not just abstract theory. To give a concrete example, a study by Iowa
State University shows that "small hog farms are better for rural economies,
producing more jobs and more local tax revenue than larger operations[.]" n128
In comparison to a single operation with 3400 sows, twenty-three farms with 150
sows each would create twenty-one more jobs and generate $ 35,000 more in tax
revenues. n129

   Apart from the distributive advantages of small-scale farming, there is also
the issue of community well-being. Professor Walter Goldschmidt's classic study
of two California towns n130 shows "that large scale, industrial agriculture can
have a dampening effect on community welfare." n131 Goldschmidt compared the
quality-of-life and standard-of-living factors in Arvin and Dinuba, two small
farm communities in central California. n132 The two towns were similar in type
and size of agriculture, the key difference being that Dinuba was comprised of
family farms while Arvin was "dominated by a single large agribusiness firm."
n133 Examining the well-being of each community, Goldschmidt found that (1)
Arvin had more wage laborers than Dinuba, whereas Dinuba had more entrepreneurs;
(2) Arvin had a lower standard of living; (3) Arvin's population was more
unstable; (4) Arvin's physical appearance was worse; (5) Arvin had less
impressive schools, parks, and social services; (6) Dinuba had more religious
institutions; (7) Dinuba displayed a higher degree of community loyalty; (8)
decisions affecting the community were more frequently made by community
residents in Dinuba than in Arvin; (9) Arvin had a higher degree of social
segregation; and (10) Dinuba had more retail trade. n134 Based on these
observations, Goldschmidt concluded "that quality of social conditions is
associated with scale of operations[,] that farm size is in fact an important
causal factor in the creation of such differences[,] and that it is reasonable
to believe that farm size is the most important cause of those differences."
n135

[*80]

   E. Farmers as Stewards, Farmers as Profiteers

 Farmers, as a class, have done more than their share to damage the environment.
n136 Use of dangerous pesticides, slash-and-burn to free up more land,
monoculture, thoughtless irrigation practices - farmers, and not just those
operating mega-farms, have been guilty of all this and more. At the same time,
however, many farmers have embraced an ecological philosophy: they take from the
land, yes, but they also recognize that the long-term health of the land
requires prudent stewardship and not just maximization of short-term profits.

   So what drives some farmers to operate more like stewards of the land and
others as profiteers? Certainly there are many factors, including ethical values
obtained through upbringing and education, the short-term financial security
necessary to sacrifice on behalf of the land, and simple environmental
awareness. These are all important, but one factor makes - or can make - a
bigger difference still: a "sense of place."

   As I use the term, a "sense of place" is a bond felt by a person or community
toward a particular piece of land. n137 The person associates the place with
memories (good and bad), family or community well-being, and hope for the
future. n138 The person cannot think upon her past without thinking of this
place, much less envision a future in its absence. n139

    [*81]  Family farmers, and rural communities in general, are much more
likely to have a sense of place than the barons of agribusiness or the hands
they hire. n140 First, there is the ancestral bond. When a son works land tended
by his parents, he is more apt to think of the land as an integral part of the
family itself. n141 The family's story is bound up with the history of the
family farm. Treating the land with respect comes naturally; the thought of
selling it off to developers produces feelings of guilt and shame.

   The flip-side of the ancestral bond is the idea of legacy and patrimony. Just
as the son inherited the land from his parents, he will continue the tradition
by passing it on to his own children. Again, responsible stewardship is the more
likely result because the farmer working the land wants to ensure that the land
endures for the benefit of his offspring.

   Finally, there is the fact that family and other small-scale farmers are more
likely to have daily contact with the land. n142 They know what's happening with
the soil in a visceral way; they perceive healthy and damaged soil through
direct, sensual interaction, not as statistics on a spreadsheet. n143 In
industrial agriculture, there is a division between labor and ownership:
laborers work the land but they have no investment in its long-term success; the
owners, despite their stake, rarely tend to the land or do so only from a
bird's-eye  [*82]  perspective. n144 This leads to information asymmetry, with
soil conservation paying the price. Those who care enough to modify practices -
the owners - do not know or cannot appreciate the situation in a meaningful way.
Those who possess this information - the workers - have no reason to care, fear
retaliation for critiquing the status quo, or simply feel that they lack the
power to make change. n145

   In sum, small-scale farming, and the agrarian communities it supports, finds
added value from a conservation perspective through a sense of place. The family
farmer's relationship to the land fosters the worldview necessary to practice
sustainable agriculture. n146

   III. The State of the World's Soil and Threats to Agrarian Culture

   A. Then and Now

 I have suggested that soil is effectively a nonrenewable resource. Although
nature does reform soil over time, the rate of reformation is so slow - and the
rate of exhaustion so rapid - that we have to think of it as a finite resource.
Soil cannot be grouped along with solar and wind energy in terms of
renewability, nor can it even be grouped with timber. It is more akin to a
fossil fuel; the process of reformation is constantly occurring, but it takes so
long that we make a mockery of renewability if we apply the label in such an
indiscriminating fashion.

   The ancient Mesopotamians would be quick to agree. Their empire in the
Fertile Crescent was at the forefront of world agriculture, but they lost it all
to overuse, poor irrigation, and salinization. n147 Thanks in large part to
these practices, it "would be a cruel joke" to use the term "Fertile Crescent"
today in reference to Iraq and Syria, the modern nations that occupy this
once-productive territory. n148 As Jared Diamond explains in his book Collapse,
soil  [*83]  degradation was a contributing factor to the downfall of the
following historical societies in addition to the Fertile Crescent: Easter
Island, Pitcairn Island, Henderson Island, the Native American Anasazi in what
is now the Southwestern United States, the Maya, the Norse colony in Greenland,
Angkor Wat, and the Harappan Indus valley. n149

   All that being said, it is only in modern times that the globe as a whole is
being forced to recognize soil as a truly nonrenewable resource. As it now
stands, "soils of farmlands used for growing crops are being carried away by
water and wind erosion at rates between 10 and 40 times the rates of soil
formation, and between 500 and 10,000 times soil formation rates on forest
land." n150 Urban sprawl is eating up arable land at a break-neck pace,
especially in developing countries, n151 and deserts are spreading out like
inkblots on the world map. n152 Meanwhile, the world's agrarian cultures face an
equally dire situation. As the following discussion demonstrates, the causes are
manifold but a common thread is this: it is largely our own actions that are
driving soils and agrarian communities to the brink.

   B. Major Threats to Soil and Agrarian Culture

   1. Industrial Agriculture and Short-Sighted Farming Practices

 Farming has changed dramatically over the past 200 years. Though it was
probably rarely the romantic trade idealized by the likes of Thomas Jefferson
and Henry David Thoreau, it is fair to say that farming has seen better times.
From both an ecological and cultural standpoint, the industrialization of
agriculture has come at a heavy cost. n153 Subsistence and small-scale farming -
[*84]  characterized by a closer relationship with the land, generational
continuity, and a rich set of cultural traditions - have given way to the modern
business model, with its emphasis on economies of scale, specialization,
short-term profit margins, and a segmented chain of production and distribution.
n154 True to its name, industrial agriculture has converted farming into an
industry. n155 Farming is no longer a way of life for many; culture and ecology
have been sacrificed in the name of efficiency and competition. n156

   Take the case of the Great Plains. Once a biome thriving with biological
diversity, including endless herds of buffalo and even grizzly bears, America's
grasslands have been sapped of their grandeur through monoculture and other
[*85]  practices that ignore the intricacies of ecology. n157 Hypnotized by the
fertility of its soil, American settlers plowed and planted their way to
disaster. n158

   Farther north, the dairy country of the Upper Midwest has had its own
experience with industrialized farming in the way of massive dairy operations.
No matter how sensibly operated, a dairy farm will always have manure as a
by-product and the unaccustomed nose will always cringe a bit. But the aroma
produced by a traditional dairy farm is nothing compared to a "Concentrated
Animal Feeding Operation" (CAFO), "a "mega-farm' where cows by the thousand live
on concrete and rarely get to see the sun, where they never actually graze,
where their lives are shortened from round-the-clock milking." n159 In the area
around Clayton, Michigan, there are twelve of these CAFOs, accompanied by sixty
lagoons containing 400 million gallons of animal waste. n160 "The gas that comes
off these lagoons and off the fields when they spray them with the waste makes
you dry-heave and want to vomit. Your eyes water, you feel sick and dizzy." n161
It's not the "healthy country smell" that one might associate with a small-scale
dairy farm. n162

   Besides their scale, the emergence of CAFOs highlights another problem with
industrial agriculture: specialization and the downfall of the mixed-use farm.
For most of human history, farms "tended toward a balanced mixture of
horticulture and livestock that suited the local environment." n163 There were
not corn farmers, dairy farmers, and pig farmers; there were just farmers, and
they usually looked over a range of crops and livestock. n164 The reason for
this is fairly simple: in addition to yielding various products for the farmer
to either consume or bring to market, the variety of crops and natural
fertilizer provided by the animals led to healthier soils, which in turn were
able to better support grazing plants for the livestock. n165 Though by no means
perfect, the small, mixed-used farm did achieve a degree of circularity that is
missing from large, specialized operations. n166

    [*86]  Despite the present state of affairs, farming and ecological balance
are not mutually exclusive. Industrial agriculture focuses on one thing -
short-term production - and ignores everything else. n167 Farming, when
approached creatively, can be conducted in a manner that is far more balanced.
Crop rotation, free-range grazing, allowing fields to lie fallow, planting cover
crops, engaging in selective reforestation and repopulation with native grasses
- these and other techniques require short-term sacrifice, but they pay off in
the long run. n168

   2.

"Free" Trade (NAFTA and Friends)

 If you ask a Mexican campesino to name the biggest threat to agrarian culture,
there's a good chance you'll hear one word: "NAFTA." n169 Thanks to the North
American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) and its elimination of tariffs, n170
Mexico must now import corn from the United States. n171 The price of corn may
be cheaper, but the total cost to the economy is greater still. "In an ironic
effect of the agreement, the removal of barriers to the export of cheap U.S.
corn to Mexico will drive millions of Mexican farmers from the land, who will
then migrate with their families to the cities, many of them to the United
States." n172 In the name of free trade, NAFTA has paved the way for the
expansion of industrial agriculture and the commoditization of growers. "There
is growing evidence that NAFTA's implementation regulations are accelerating the
loss of small-and medium-size farms, and promoting the increase of corporate
agriculture." n173 This is not a problem affecting some minor sector of the
population. "Today, more than one-fifth of Mexico's workforce is  [*87]
employed in agriculture, and there are more campesinos than existed at the time
of the Mexican Revolution." n174

   In addition to NAFTA, the expansion of industrial, globalized agriculture has
been facilitated by other neoliberal legislation n175 and international
agreements such as the rules promulgated by the World Trade Organization. n176
Laws that inhibit free trade, even if they advance global conservation goals,
can be struck down by the WTO, discouraging member governments from taking
progressive action:



   Unacceptable laws could include subsidies to promote energy conservation,
banning of pesticides allowed elsewhere in the world, restrictions on the export
of raw logs to protect value-added timber industries, and tariffs to protect
certain types of farmers from cheaper imports. Even a "support local farmers"
campaign by a New England state drew European complaints as unfair government
intrusion in food trade. n177

 In sum, NAFTA and other neoliberal legislation have done much to chip away at
small-scale farming and the culture that goes along with it. And, as explained
above, industrial agriculture is usually bad news for soil conservation. In the
end, both the earth and the people who work it have suffered mightily under the
banner of free trade.

   3. Erosion

 Erosion has played an important and tragic role in United States history. On
April 19, 1935, a gigantic dust storm erupted from the Great Plains, blowing all
the way east until it engulfed the Capitol Building in Washington, D.C. n178
"There goes Oklahoma," remarked one legislator. n179 This was the Dust Bowl.
Between 1933 and 1936, Amarillo, Texas, saw nine of these "black blizzards"
every month for the first four months of the year, turning the land into a
powdery mess. n180 The situation in Texas was not particularly unusual, as the
dust storms affected virtually every part of the Plains. n181 Depicted in John
Steinbeck's The Grapes of Wrath, this tragedy could have been avoided had we
paid more attention to the land's susceptibility to erosion. During the great
westward expansion of the late nineteenth century, hordes of farmers, spurred
[*88]  on by the Homestead Act, n182 plowed up huge swaths of grassland to make
room for wheat. "Much of this land - highly erodible when plowed - should have
remained in grass." n183 The result was catastrophic: As many as 2.5 million
individuals were forced to abandon their farms. n184 Disaster relief came at an
equally high cost: "In a crash program to save its soils, the United States
returned large areas of eroded cropland to grass, adopted strip-cropping, and
planted thousands of miles of tree shelterbelts." n185

   History has a way of repeating itself. Despite the tragedy of the Dust Bowl,
the USSR fell into the same trap some twenty years later: "In an all-out effort
to expand grain production, the Soviets plowed an area of grassland larger than
the wheat area of Australia and Canada combined. The result, as Soviet
agronomists had predicted, was an ecological disaster - another Dust Bowl." n186

   The Soviets failed to learn the obvious lesson of the Dust Bowl: not all land
is made for farming. Unfortunately, it seems that very few of us have learned
this lesson. Ethiopia loses nearly two billion tons of topsoil every year washed
away by rain. n187 One of the main culprits is careless grazing and farming on
its mountainous slopes; the topsoil loses the anchoring benefit of roots, then
gravity and precipitation do the rest. "This is one reason Ethiopia always seems
to be on the verge of famine, never able to accumulate enough grain reserves to
provide meaningful food security." n188

   Ethiopia is but one nation in an endless list of countries struggling with
erosion. In terms of the planet's overall health, the problem may be as serious
as climate change:



   Although more than 99% of the world's food comes from the soil, experts
estimate that each year more than 10m hectares (25m acres) of crop land are
degraded or lost as rain and wind sweep away topsoil. An area big enough to feed
Europe - 300m hectares, about 10 times the size of the UK - has been so severely
degraded it cannot produce food, according to UN figures. n189

 To be fair, the need for nutrition is often so pressing that we seem to have no
choice but to sacrifice the land in satisfaction of our short-term  [*89]
requirements. n190 In the long term, however, we are bequeathing an even graver
situation to future generations.

   4. Sprawl and the Loss of Valuable Farmland

 In the 1950s and 1960s, Long Island's Suffolk County was a leading producer of
fruits and vegetables. Suffolk County produce filled market stalls in New York
City, providing urbanites with fresh, local crops. n191 Well removed from the
hubbub of the metropolis, it was farmland through and through. Now Suffolk
County is just another suburb - strip-malls and subdivisions and 1556 people per
square mile. n192

   If erosion is the most significant threat to the quality of agricultural
farmland, urban sprawl takes the lead when it comes to quantity. Urban sprawl is
a one-way ratchet: "Once farmland is lost, it rarely, if ever, reverts back to
agricultural production." n193 Urban and suburban development



   forecloses any options for agriculture on a particular piece of land; if you
grew up on a vegetable farm in western Long Island or a productive orchard in
the Santa Clara Valley (or any of a hundred other urban fringe areas) during the
1940s or 1950s, you literally can't go home again. n194

 The same goes for developing countries around the world. n195 In my current
home of Cochabamba, Bolivia, the landscape and culture are changing at warp
speed. The Cochabamba Valley is known as the "granary of Bolivia," and it was
one of the main agricultural regions of the Incan Empire. n196 When  [*90]  the
Spanish came, Cochabamba farmers fed countless workers at the mines in Potosi -
the world's most important source of silver from the sixteenth to the eighteenth
centuries - and kept bellies full in the urban center of La Paz. n197 Although
the story of agriculture in the Cochabamba Valley is not without its depressing
moments - the Spanish, and even the colonizing Incas, were not exactly
progressive in their approach to rural labor - it has informed the identity of
the region and imbued it with values and cultural traditions that can be found
nowhere else on earth. n198 This is all changing, and urban sprawl is one of the
main culprits.

   Cochabamba has been a full-fledged city for quite some time. It is only in
recent decades, however, that it has begun to encroach significantly upon the
surrounding agricultural landscape. n199 For a variety of social and economic
reasons, communities that were traditionally devoted to farming have been
converted to residential and commercial zones. It makes little sense from a
national and global perspective to have rich, productive soil overrun by
single-lot homes and stores; there are other areas that could be developed
(including upward growth in the urban core) without the sacrifice of prime farm
land. But even if they ought to, national and global interests do not drive
development decisions. n200 Landowners see that they can make more money through
subdivision and sales than through agricultural use or maintaining the land as
an open space, and they act according to what they see is their own best
interest. Tiquipaya, Colcapiruha, Queru Queru - these traditional farming
communities have all been or are in the process of being converted to expensive
suburbs, eliminating forever their rural character and pushing aside campesinos
who can no longer afford to live there. n201

    [*91]  It is not only the countryside that suffers under urban sprawl; the
cities themselves feel the consequences. The unplanned or poorly planned growth
we see in the United States and around the world leaves urban cores impoverished
- a result of the rich fleeing to the surrounding bedroom communities - while
simultaneously swallowing up valuable farmland and open space. n202 Detroit is a
perfect example of this phenomenon. After the riots of 1967, whites fled the
city proper at alarming rates. n203 The suburbs in Macomb and Oakland Counties
exploded: houses, shopping malls, and parking lots went up with little thought
of the long-term consequences. Detroit, meanwhile, suffered. Whole neighborhoods
were abandoned, leading to blight and increased crime. n204 This in turn led to
further flight and, eventually, a political and racial situation that pitted
city-dwellers against their suburban neighbors. It cannot all be blamed on
unplanned suburban development, but such development certainly played a role.
n205 Had lawmakers and political leaders considered stricter limits on urban
growth, perhaps Detroit itself would have maintained the economic and social
resources to thrive. Unplanned suburban growth reinforces and enables the idea
that it is okay to abandon the city when the going gets tough.

[*92]

   5. Salinization

 Salinization is a close second to erosion as the most serious threat to soil
quality. n206 As a result of salinization, we annually lose at least 1.6 million
hectares of fertile land worldwide. n207 Although salinization occurs naturally
through the movement of saline water (e.g., from saline springs), climatic
dryness, and coastal influence, human-induced salinization is the real problem.
n208 And when we're talking about human-induced salinization, we're mainly
talking about irrigation. n209

   When farmers irrigate irresponsibly - using too much water, irrigating with
water high in saline content, or failing to apply appropriate drainage practices
- salinization occurs and leads to a downward spiral. n210 "Without appropriate
preventive measures, salt-sensitive crops will disappear and be replaced by
increasingly salt-tolerant plant species until the land is rendered unsuitable
for any useful crop production." n211

   This is a serious problem across the globe, especially in drier areas.
Approximately 20 percent of all irrigated land is affected by high salinity.
n212 In Pakistan, 14 percent of the once-fertile land in the Indus Basin has
become unusable through because of salinization. n213 Closer to home, a drive
through California's Central Valley reveals immense swaths of white, intersected
by fences that now serve no purpose. n214 And the mighty Colorado River, which
[*93]  picks up the discharge from countless irrigated acres along its course
through the western United States, is so brackish at its entry point to Mexico
that it is unfit for human consumption. n215 To comply with its obligations
under the Mexican Water Treaty of 1944, n216 the United States has been forced
to construct a slew of desalinization plants and washing stations upstream of
the border. n217 Even so, the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has stated
that "an additional 800,000 tons of annual salt control are needed through 2020
to ensure that the probability of exceeding the numeric criteria for total
dissolved solids in the Colorado River remains low." n218 Additional control
will come at a cost, but so will inaction: damages from salinity in the Colorado
River Basin run between $ 500 million and $ 750 million per year "and could
exceed $ 1.5 billion per year if future increases are not controlled." n219
Downstream, Mexico suffers at a rate that may exceed $ 100 million per year.
n220 Nationally and internationally, salinization is becoming impossible to
ignore.

   6. Desertification

 Land degradation in drylands - lands that receive little rain but are still
able to support some level of agriculture or grazing - leads to an especially
vexing result: desertification. If not carefully managed, drylands can go from
productive and life-sustaining to virtually barren. n221 Already more
susceptible to salinization, drylands are also subject to higher rates of
erosion because they lack the extensive plant cover that comes with abundant
rainfall. n222 They are sensitive environments calling for sensitive management.
We have learned this lesson the hard way.

   Desertification was a major contributor to the collapse of several
civilizations, including the Sumerians of the Fertile Crescent and the Xia
Imperial Dynasty. n223 In our time, the Sahara Desert is pushing southward at a
rate of thirty miles per year. n224 Elsewhere in Africa, the surface area of
Lake  [*94]  Chad has shrunk some 95 percent since the 1960s. n225 Farther east,
"China's desertification may be the worst in the world." n226 From 1950 to 1975,
China saw six hundred square miles of land converted to desert every year. n227
As of 2000, this number had jumped to 1400 square miles. n228 This has forced
the Chinese to partially or completely abandon approximately 24,000 villages.
n229

   The prime causes of desertification are overuse, especially overgrazing, and
irrigation. n230 Climate change may play a role, but it is dwarfed in
significance by human actions. n231 In the case of Lake Chad, for example, the
drying effects of a long drought were compounded by overgrazing in the
surrounding savannah. n232 In arid and semiarid regions, vegetation has a major
influence on the climate; its loss from overgrazing in the Lake Chad area
worsened what was already a serious drought. n233 This drought in turn prompted
increases in irrigation, placing even more pressure on the lake and its
tributaries. n234 Rather than ameliorating the difficult circumstances produced
by drought, our lack of foresight made things worse:



   The situation is a "domino effect," the researchers say. Overgrazing reduces
vegetation, which in turn reduces the ecosystem's ability to recycle moisture
back into the atmosphere. That contributes to the retreat of the monsoons. The
consequent drought conditions have triggered a huge increase in the use of lake
water for irrigation, while the Sahara has gradually edged southward. n235

 With an expanding population and more irrigation, the situation is expected to
deteriorate even further. n236 If we do not change course, the entire Lake Chad
region could become a desert. Aggressive irrigation and grazing may produce more
crops and livestock in the short term, but over the long haul such an approach
may actually preclude these activities altogether.

    [*95]  The story in China is largely the same. Climate change from
greenhouse gases may play some role, but local grazing practices represent the
major problem:



   While the United States, a country with comparable grazing capacity, has 97
million cattle, China has a slightly smaller herd of 82 million. But while the
United States has only 9 million sheep and goats, China has 284 million.
Concentrated in China's western and northern provinces, sheep and goats are
destroying the land's protective vegetation. The wind then does the rest,
removing the soil and converting productive rangeland into desert. n237


   7. Contamination

 Contamination occurs when toxic substances are introduced into the environment.
In the case of soil, the leading cause of agricultural contamination is the use
of pesticides, manures, and fertilizers. n238 As far as soil is concerned, the
main problem with manures and fertilizers is the introduction of heavy metals
like arsenic, zinc, cadmium, uranium, and copper. n239 In addition, fertilizers
contain salts, contributing to the salinization problem. This is obviously not
welcome news for soil conservationists, but the bigger problem still is
pesticides.

   In 1962, Rachel Carson opened our eyes to the harms of pesticides. n240 She
showed us how dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane (DDT) and other chemicals were
killing birds, fish, and even humans. n241 Although the United States banned DDT
ten years later n242 - and a worldwide ban followed under the Stockholm
Convention n243 - it seems we have forgotten the broader message of Silent
Spring. Since 1940, global pesticide use has "grown steadily." n244 Pesticides,
which include herbicides, insecticides, and fungicides, n245 are by their very
nature harmful to life. n246 They are popular because they harm some  [*96]
life forms (the target) more than others. n247 But they do their job too well,
killing off many helpful organisms in addition to the "harmful" ones. n248 This
decreases biodiversity and negatively impacts soil quality. n249 With this in
mind, it perhaps comes as little surprise that Cuba has some of the healthiest
soil in the world. Thanks to the U.S. embargo, Cuba's soil remains relatively
free of agricultural chemicals. n250

   The harms of agricultural pesticides are not limited to the soil itself. The
alarming die-off of bees has been linked to pesticides, n251 and these toxins
end up in our food. n252 When the rain comes, pesticides, along with
fertilizers, are washed downstream and end up in the ocean, producing "dead
zones" like we see in the Gulf of Mexico n253 and contributing to coral
bleaching like we see in Australia's Great Barrier Reef. n254

   8. Nutrient Depletion

 According to the United Nations, "deficiency of plant nutrients in the soil is
the most significant biophysical factor limiting crop production across very
large areas in the tropics." n255 Putting aside nutrient depletion through
erosion - which alone costs hundreds of billions of dollars every year - the
most common form of nutrient depletion occurs as a result of overly aggressive
agriculture. n256 Nutrients are naturally removed from the soil by plants, which
then use these nutrients to grow. In a balanced ecosystem, however, the
nutrients are replaced when the plants die and the underlying bedrock is
weathered. This delicate equilibrium is disturbed when nutrients are removed
faster they can be replaced. n257 If not done carefully, raising and harvesting
[*97]  crops, especially with monoculture practices, can do just that. n258 The
quick fix is addition of fertilizer, but that brings its own set of problems.
n259

   On top of the environmental concerns presented by fertilizers, soil depletion
presents economic and sustainability concerns. A key nutrient to plant life,
phosphorous is one of the principal elements in chemical fertilizers. n260
Unfortunately, there is not enough phosphorous to go around. Estimates range
from 50 to 130 years before we exhaust global phosphorous supplies, n261 and we
are feeling the pinch already:



   Increased demand for fertilizer and the decreased supply of phosphorus
exports will result in higher prices, significantly affecting millions of
farmers in the developing world who live on the brink of bankruptcy and
starvation. Rising fertilizer prices could tip this balance.




   Already, signs are emerging that our current practices cannot continue for
long. Between 2003 and 2008, phosphate fertilizer prices rose approximately 350
percent. In 2008, rising food prices sparked riots in more than 40 countries.
Although the spike in fertilizer prices was only partially responsible for the
higher food prices, the riots illustrate the social upheaval caused by
disruptions to the world's food supply. The 2008 food riots were only stopped by
government promises of food subsidies - a viable strategy only as long as
governments can afford the ever-increasing costs of food support. n262


   9. The Rise of the City and the Fall of the Campo

 In 1950, more than 15 percent of the United States population earned a living
through farming. n263 By 1992, farmers represented less than 2 percent of the
population. n264 Likewise, the number of farms in the United States dropped from
more than 5.3 million to under two million during this time period. n265  [*98]
Raw production may not have slipped, n266 but farming was losing its place in
the American conscious as a significant occupation.

   Based upon the foregoing discussion of agriculture's effects on soil quality,
one might suppose this trend is a positive development. But fewer farmers does
not mean reduced production or use of the land: Industrialized farms, with their
mechanization and advances in plant and animal science, are turning out more
product than ever. n267 At best, the fact that we have fewer farmers is a wash
from a soil-conservation perspective. From a cultural and economic perspective,
it is a tragedy.

   What's happening in "flyover country"? The very name embodies the contempt we
have come to hold for rural society and the farming sector. For many Americans,
the bulk of our nation is a dull stretch of land that we quickly pass on our way
to more exciting places, broken up by the occasional resort town offering
tourists an escape from city life:



   Many CEOs and Hollywood stars seek a change of scenery at private ranches and
resorts in the interior, where the descendants of once proud farming and
ranching families wait on their tables or scrub their floors. As ambitious young
people move out, entire regions enter an economic death spiral, characterized by
an aging population, a shrinking tax base, and contracting public and private
investment. n268

 These communities are dying and, unfortunately, so is the rural way of life.
The concept of family farming and ranching has become so novel that it's the
subject of a reality TV show. n269 This way of life is quickly becoming a thing
of the past. n270

   Above, I mentioned that the shrinking number of Americans involved in farming
was at best a wash for the goals of soil conservation. That is probably  [*99]
too generous. As the United States has shed jobs in the farming sector,
agricultural practices have moved into the periphery of the public
consciousness. n271 We do not know what is happening out there. n272 Because it
is just "dirt" in "flyover country" worked by a sliver of the population, we
really do not care. n273 Industrial agriculture receives far less scrutiny than
big oil, mining, and forestry, yet its impact on the environment is just as
severe.

   IV. Protecting Our Soil and Agrarian Communities Requires a New Global Treaty

   A. Attempts to Date: Social Movements and Legal Responses

 Despite its relatively low profile, the movement toward soil conservation and
heightened protection of rural culture has seen some significant victories. As
with most reform efforts, however, legal change has only come after the people
have organized and demanded such change. And in the case of soil and rural
communities, the legal protections developed are just not enough.

   1. Social Movements

 When I was eight years old, my dad took my brother and me to a Willie Nelson
concert. The show was sponsored by a group called Farm Aid. n274 Though I didn't
much enjoy it at the time, I appreciate it deeply in retrospect. Unbeknownst to
me, I was participating in - or at least witnessing - social activism targeted
specifically at agrarian concerns. As I write this, Farm Aid has been at it for
over twenty-five years, "working with local, regional and national organizations
to promote fair farm policies and grassroots organizing campaigns designed to
defend and bolster family farm-centered agriculture." n275

   Farm Aid is just one example of people organizing to defend family farming
and rural culture. On the international front, groups like La Via Campesina
(global), n276 Union Nacional de Organizaciones Regionales  [*100]  Campesinas
Autonomas (Mexico), n277 the National Network of Small-Scale Farmers Groups
(Tanzania), n278 the All Nepal Peasants' Federation, n279 and many others are
leading the charge.

   Of course, non-governmental organizations are not the only groups that have
organized for change. In fact, some of the more impactful movements have been
led by communities of ordinary folks standing up for themselves. A case in point
is the Zapatista movement of Chiapas, Mexico.

   On January 1, 1994, the same day that NAFTA went into effect, a group of
armed campesinos rose up out of the Lacandon Jungle in Chiapas, Mexico. n280
They called themselves "Zapatistas," seeing their struggle as an extension of
the movement led by Emiliano Zapata three-quarters of a century earlier. n281
With their "dramatic entry" into Mexican politics, they sent a strong message to
their nation's elites:



   Don't forget us, the rebels were saying, you depend on us for your political
and economic stability. We, the campesinos of Mexico, grow your corn, cut your
cane, and pick your coffee. We have not gone away during the past 75 years of
post-revolutionary governments, and we will not go away with neoliberalism and
free trade. n282

 The Zapatistas demanded land redistribution and Mexico's withdrawal from NAFTA.
n283 One of their principal complaints was that they were being pushed aside by
economic policies that favored industrial agriculture over small-scale farming.
n284 Although the Zapatistas didn't achieve everything they sought, their
actions made a lasting impact and inspired millions worldwide. n285

    [*101]  In addition to movements focused on the empowerment of rural
society, there have also been many efforts directly targeting soil concerns.
Some of the most inspiring have occurred at the local level. To give one
example, cattle ranchers along the United States-Mexican border have found ways
to reintroduce and conserve native species and improve soil and water
conditions. n286 Realizing that conservation requires collective action, more
than thirty ranchers in Arizona and New Mexico have organized themselves by
adopting conservation easements, planning for managed fires, sharing grasses,
and restoring local streams. n287 To be sure, it's not pure altruism: "In return
for promising not to subdivide their land, the Malpai Group [a nonprofit
organization] pays ranchers either in cash or grass for the difference in value
between what they get from raising cattle and what they would have gotten from
selling their property." n288 But perhaps that is just the point: real change
will not occur without real incentives.

   Change also requires organization, especially organization at the local
level. This is where soil and water conservation districts (SWCDs) come into
play. Something of a blend between formal legal institutions and grassroots
organizations, the total number of SWCDs in the United States is now close to
3000. n289 Although these organizations are often public entities and coordinate
with more established government bodies (such as the USDA and state departments
of natural resources), n290 they represent a grassroots movement: The people who
direct SWCDs live and depend upon the soil that they strive to protect. It is
this very connection that gives them their strength. As the Main Association of
Conservation Districts explains, SWCDs work because "the programs are developed
by local people to solve local problems." n291 Even though soil conservation is
a global concern, local efforts play a key role in our search for solutions.

[*102]

   2. Legal Responses and the Need for a Global Protocol Specifically Tailored
to Promote Soil Conservation, Sustainable Farming, and the Preservation of
Agrarian Culture

 Despite the significant developments in environmental law over the past few
decades, soil conservation has been largely overlooked. Legislation and
international agreements on sustainable farming are somewhat more prevalent, but
they are still far too weak. Legal rules designed to protect agrarian culture
are all but nonexistent.

   a. The Legal Status Quo Regarding Soil Conservation

 To say that there has been no progress in the effort to construct a legal
regime regarding soil conservation would be an exaggeration. To say that the
international community has failed to embrace many of the ideas generated by
soil conservation advocates is, unfortunately, quite accurate.

   The following international agreements have some - albeit generally indirect
- bearing on soil conservation: the UN Convention to Combat Desertification
(UNCCD), n292 the UN Convention on Biological Diversity (UNCBD), n293 and the
Kyoto Protocol. n294 Although the UNCCD is exclusively focused on the issue of
desertification - a major soil conservation issue - it limits itself by focusing
primarily on desertification in Africa and in failing to establish concrete
benchmarks. n295 The UNCCD is a big step in the right direction, but its
language is far too vague and aspirational. Capacity building is important, but
we also need specific requirements and a serious enforcement mechanism. n296

   Given the biological diversity found within the ground under our feet, the
UNCBD could be an important vehicle for soil conservation. But it is not.
Despite the "ecosystem approach" taken by the convention, the important role
played by soil in ecosystems and biodiversity is "nearly invisible." n297 The
[*103]  closest the UNCBD comes to referencing soil is in its definition of
"biological diversity": "The variability among living organisms from all sources
... and the ecological complexes of which they are part; this includes diversity
within species, between species and of ecosystems." n298 Even if soil is
implicit in this definition, the global soil crisis calls for something
explicit.

   The Kyotol Protocol, an international agreement growing out of the United
Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, established binding targets for
industrialized nations - the United States conspicuously not among them - to
reduce emissions of greenhouse gases. n299 By signing the protocol, party
nations committed to diminish their emissions by an average of five percent
against 1990 levels over the five-year period stretching from 2008 to 2012. n300
Although the primary means of reduction is supposed to be national reform (i.e.,
each country addresses its own emissions), the Kyoto Protocol added considerable
flexibility by allowing for carbon trading and participation in the "Clean
Development Mechanism" (CDM). n301 The CDM allows industrialized nations to
finance projects in developing nations that reduce those latter nations'
greenhouse gas emissions. n302 The reduction is then applied toward the funding
party's target. n303 The CDM is where soil should figure in, but it does not.
Although the Kyoto Protocol recognizes the impact soil and land-use practices
have on climate change, projects involving carbon sequestration in agricultural
soil have been excluded from the CDM. n304

   Either through lack of teeth (the UNCCD) or non-recognition of soil's role in
the process (the UNCBD and the Kyoto Protocol), these agreements fail to
adequately deal with the issue of soil conservation. As one commentator has
observed, "It is probably because soils affect or are affected by most
environmental processes that it has been easier for policy makers and land
managers simply to consign consideration of soils to the management of other
resources, rather than create an independent management scheme for soil." n305

    [*104]  Recognizing the need for agreements and legislation specifically
targeting soil, advocates have formulated the following: the World Soil Charter,
n306 the European Charter for the Protection and Sustainable Management of Soil,
n307 the Thematic Strategy for Soil Protection, n308 the European Soil Charter,
n309 the Alpine Convention Soil Conservation Protocol ("Alpine Convention"),
n310 African Convention on the Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources
(article on soil), n311 Association of Southeast Asian Nations' Agreement on the
Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources (article on soil), n312 World Soils
Agenda, n313 the Tutzing Initiative for a Soil Convention, n314 the
International Conference on Land Degradation, n315 and the International Union
for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) Draft Protocol for the Conservation and
Sustainable Use of Soils. n316

   Despite their numbers and the wealth of ideas they contain, most of these
instruments are nonbinding or simply have not been adopted. With the Alpine
Convention standing as the world's only binding agreement specifically targeting
soil - and that convention being limited to eight nations - our soil resources
remain largely unprotected. n317

[*105]

   b. The Legal Status Quo of Sustainable Farming

 In comparison to the law bearing on soil use, the law governing agriculture is
far more developed. But to say that it is more developed is to say nothing of
the normative value of that development. A brief look at some of the major laws
and international accords governing agriculture shows that the deck is stacked
in favor of large-scale, industrial agriculture.

   Starting from the top, the World Trade Organization's Agreement on
Agriculture n318 sets the stage for the success of large agricultural
enterprises - generally from industrialized nations - that are focused on profit
and very little else. Professor Carmen Gonzalez provides a scathing overview:



   The WTO Agreement on Agriculture purported to address the structural
inequities in global agricultural trade and to create a "fair and
market-oriented trading system." However, the Agreement contained numerous
ambiguities that enabled wealthy countries to continue to subsidize and protect
the domestic agricultural sector while constraining the ability of developing
countries to utilize tariffs to protect small farmers from economically
devastating surges of cheap imported food. In effect, the Agreement on
Agriculture institutionalized the inequities that permitted agricultural
producers in the United States and the European Union to destroy the livelihoods
of millions of farmers in the developing world by dumping agricultural
commodities on world markets at below the price of production. n319

 Set against this dominant framework, the legislation and international
agreements militating in favor of sustainable agriculture will face an uphill
battle. In the United States, sustainable farming gets a lift through the Food,
Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 n320 (commonly known as the "Farm Bill")
and the Sustainable Agriculture Research and Education (SARE) program. n321 The
Farm Bill provides nearly $ 5 billion in annual funding for conservation
(including both land retirement and working-lands programs) n322 and further
funding for local food programs (e.g., farmers' markets). n323 The SARE program,
operated by the USDA, provides research grants to support  [*106]  projects that
advance sustainable agriculture (e.g., projects that "conserve soil, water,
energy, natural resources, and fish and wildlife habitat"). n324

   On the international front, the Stockholm Convention, signed by 130 nations,
aims to eventually ban twelve of the worst pesticides and agricultural
chemicals, including aldrin, chlordane, dieldrin, endrin, heptachlor,
hexachlorobenzene, mirex, and toxaphene. n325 The European Union has gone
farther, banning or severely restricting a total of 109 pesticides. n326

   Another important international agreement is the International Treaty on
Plant Genetic Resources for Food and Agriculture, better known as the
"International Seed Treaty." n327 This agreement aims to enhance food security
through conserving and ensuring the sustainable use of plant-based genetic
material. One of the more significant components of this treaty is its
declaration that intellectual property rights shall not interfere with farmers'
ability to access and use seeds. This has become a big issue as transnational
companies now wield much control over seeds and the extent to which certain
breeds can be readily purchased. n328 This consolidation, along with the
uniformity that accompanies factory farming, has reduced seed catalogues
tremendously. n329 Local varieties of plants that do not ship well or that do
not have a popular shape or color have fallen to the wayside, and the seeds that
are made available by the transnationals are intentionally designed so that they
will not breed true in the second generation. n330 As such, farmers have to buy
new seeds every year. n331 In addition, with the advent of genetically-modified
(GM) seeds, large seed companies have sometimes used intellectual property laws
in perverse ways. In Canada, for instance, an organic canola grower whose field
happened to receive GM pollen from an adjacent operation could "be legally
obligated to pay the seed company for the "theft' of its product and be forced
to allow it to bomb [the] organic fields with poison to destroy the "pirated'
crop." n332

   Several other agreements indirectly aid the cause of sustainable agriculture
or emphasize its importance without promulgating specific rules. These include
Agenda 21 (the current sustainable development strategy adopted by the UN
[*107]  Conference on Environment and Development), n333 the Ramsar Convention
(protecting wetlands), n334 the UNCBD (mentioned above), and the UNCCD (also
mentioned above).

   c. The Legal Status Quo of Preservation of Agrarian Culture

 There is very little legislation, either international or domestic, that
addresses agrarian culture. Though UNESCO has promulgated several culture
conventions to "foster the international exchange of knowledge, expertise and
mutual understanding," n335 none of them deal with agrarian culture. Scanning
the laws of individual nations likewise reveals no direct hits. At best, the
cultural aspects of farming communities receive protection only as a consequence
of legislation designed to support small-scale farming itself (e.g., in the
United States, the Food Safety Modernization Act indirectly promotes the
preservation of agrarian culture by diminishing certain compliance burdens for
family farmers and certified organic operations). n336

   d. The Need for International Law

 Above, I mentioned that global interests do not play much of a role in
development decisions. The same is true for how the cultivation and livestock
industries decide to use their soil. A landowner who is considering subdividing
an agricultural plot for construction of condos has no obligation to consider
the effects of this decision on global food security or the state of the world's
soil resources. Neither does the agribusiness firm have an obligation to
consider the long-term ecological or sociocultural effects of its practices. It
may have to comply with certain relatively lax environmental rules that take
into account local interests, but global considerations are hardly in the
picture. Given that healthy, abundant soil and food security are global
concerns, the status quo makes little sense. Global problems demand global
responses.

   Recognizing that food often crosses many borders in its journey from field to
plate, scholars have argued for stronger international law in the area of food
safety to prevent outbreaks of food-borne disease. n337 A similar rationale
[*108]  applies to food security. Though the threat of food insecurity cannot be
transmitted in the same way as food-borne disease, the similarity arises from
the fact that a nation suffering from food insecurity by way of decreased
agriculture - through desertification, erosion, etcetera - creates dangers for
its neighbors. Starving nations produce refugees, as we saw in the African
drought of 2011. n338 Furthermore, if enough nations suffer from food
insecurity, the entire global food system is thrown off kilter. The pressure
created by a food-insecure nation is two-fold: (1) other nations have to produce
more to feed the people of the food-insecure nation; and (2) if other nations
previously benefitted from the surplus of the now-insecure nation, they have to
produce more or seek other sources to make up the difference. Because food
insecurity is directly related to both soil loss and unsustainable farming
practices, a treaty addressing soil conservation and sustainable farming makes
sense.

   In addition to this utilitarian rationale, there is also a rights-based
argument for international law addressing soil conservation and sustainable
farming. The right to food has been recognized since the 1948 Universal
Declaration of Human Rights. n339 In 2000, the U.N. Commission on Human Rights
designated a Special Rapporteur on the Right to Food to "respond fully to the
necessity for and integrated and coordinated approach in the promotion and
protection of the right to food." n340 At its core, the right to food is the
right to be free from hunger. n341 If it were only national or local factors
that impinged upon this right, then national or local legislation would be an
appropriate response. However, "the notion that hunger ... can today be fully
explained in terms of national and local factors is a fallacy." n342

   Even if individual states had the power to enforce robust soil-conservation
and sustainable-farming laws, it is not clear that they would do so. In the
absence of binding international law, individual states do not have the
necessary incentives to act appropriately. Agriculture is full of externalities
- hidden costs, such as soil damage, that are not captured by market prices.
n343 Just as companies often ignore ecological externalities and focus instead
on short-term returns, states, especially those strapped for cash, often fail to
internalize these hidden costs. Boosting agricultural output becomes a priority
[*109]  for the tax revenue and political gains it produces. Even if they are
aware of the long-term costs of aggressive, unsustainable agriculture, poor
states, following the market, fail to internalize these costs. In contrast,
binding international law can force internalization.

   In addition, states are not the only actors on the stage. Transnational
corporations and international financial institutions exert extraordinary
influence over who gets what and how. n344 Weak states often lack the power to
regulate these forces on their own. n345 In the absence of international law,
even states fully dedicated to the task may be unable to regulate practices
negatively affecting soil conservation and agricultural sustainability. n346

   The notion that global coordination is needed to tackle the issues of soil
conservation and sustainable farming also suggests that international law has a
role to play in terms of preserving agrarian culture. Soil loss and degradation
threaten agrarian culture by making it more difficult for small-scale farmers to
earn a living from their land. The ascendancy of industrial agriculture, in
addition to contributing to soil issues, also jeopardizes agrarian culture by
driving small-scale farmers out of business, forcing them to seek other work,
usually in the city. n347 Insofar as an international treaty is required to
protect global soil resources and promote sustainable farming, so too is a
treaty necessary to preserve agrarian culture.

   B. A Sketch of a Global Treaty

 The treaty I envision would address three main issues: (1) soil conservation,
(2) sustainable farming, and (3) the preservation of agrarian culture. As I have
endeavored to demonstrate throughout this paper, these issues are bound together
in fundamental ways. Accordingly, though I address the issues separately for
ease of comprehension, I urge that my recommendations be read as component
pieces of a greater whole. That being said, I recognize that the following ideas
are rather basic. If they serve as jumping-off points for further analysis, they
have served their purpose.

[*110]

   1. Rules to Promote Soil Conservation

   a. Urban Growth Boundaries

 The first rule necessary to promote soil conservation is the establishment of
mandatory urban growth boundaries. n348 Each nation signing the treaty will
commit to containing urban and suburban zones within reasonable boundaries, thus
preventing sprawl. Cities that have already taken the initiative, such as
Portland, Oregon, n349 may serve as models for cities and nations with
inadequate experience in urban planning. Because most world cities have ample
room to grow up rather than out, n350 the urban-growth rule should put the
brakes on lateral expansion and penalize recalcitrant parties.

   b. Erosion Control

 A set of rules to curb erosion is also necessary. The treaty will require
participating nations to enact legislation that condemns land-use practices
known to contribute to soil erosion, as well as legislation that promotes
practices conducive to preservation of top soil. The legislation will need to be
tailored according to the physical characteristics of the region (e.g., drylands
will require different policies than tropical rainforests), but the range of
measures should include the following: prohibition of agricultural on lands
highly susceptible to erosion to prevent disasters like the Dust Bowl; brush or
straw barriers, silt fences, sediment traps, surface roughening, mulching,
hydroseeding, windbreaks, terracing in mountainous regions, crop rotation, cover
crops, and mandatory lead-off ditches with rock check dams; n351 and, in more
susceptible regions that are nevertheless suitable to some level of agriculture,
a requirement of partial reforestation and/or temporary nonuse.

   c. Irrigation Reform

 If we are to have any hope of curbing desertification and salinization, we must
reform irrigation practices. n352 The treaty I propose will require adherence to
the following irrigation principles: water and saline content of soil must be
[*111]  monitored consistently to ensure efficient use of water resources and as
an early warning system for salinization issues; n353 drip irrigation, with
direct delivery to the active root zone, is favored over conventional sprinkler
irrigation; n354 where drip irrigation is not feasible, irrigation should be
performed at night to reduce evaporation; n355 "waste water" should be used
judiciously; and adequate drainage systems must be installed to "reduce the
environmental effects of salts and trace elements carried in water discharge."
n356 Again, participating nations that fail to enact and enforce specific
legislation implementing these principles will be subject to the full panoply of
international sanctions.

   d. Nutrient Depletion Control

 To combat nutrient depletion, the treaty would require party nations to monitor
and submit reports on the state of their soils. Although this may sound overly
burdensome, and it would require a significant amount of time and money, it
could be introduced gradually. Each country would conduct an initial survey,
testing soils in various geographical zones under different uses. This would
reveal trouble areas warranting further study. These "trouble areas" would be
monitored more carefully, and the party nation would be required to submit
annual reports to an international body designated to study the reports and
recommend further action. The body - which could have a similar role with
respect to erosion, contamination, et cetera - might recommend suspension of
agricultural activity for a certain period of time, increased use of organic
fertilizers, crop rotation, and other pollution remedies. Stricter measures
would require ratification by the nation subject to the action, while more
moderate measures could be imposed unilaterally. In addition, by insisting that
all party reports be available to the public, the submission requirement itself
would tend to encourage more ecological practices, acting as a sort of shaming
mechanism.

   e. Restrictions on Contamination

 The two main sources of soil contamination are pesticides and artificial
fertilizers. At present, a complete ban on these substances is infeasible, but
the treaty would need to impose significant limitations on their use. The treaty
[*112]  would establish a policy-making body - a sort of global soil
conservation committee, made up of scientists, agricultural experts, and legal
authorities - to formulate restrictions on these substances. The policy would
essentially function like the carbon-emission cap under the Kyoto Protocol. n357

   2. Rules to Promote Sustainable Farming

   a. Establishment of Permanent Agricultural Zones

 Many of the measures I recommend in this Part would serve both to promote
sustainable farming and to protect agrarian culture. This first measure is no
exception.

   The idea would be to identify regions around the world that must be preserved
primarily as agricultural zones for the good of humanity. Examples in the United
States might include the Willamette Valley in Oregon, the Central Valley in
California, large swaths of the Midwest, and the Piedmont area in the South.
Examples abroad would be the Rhine Valley in Germany, the Pampas in Argentina,
and the Volga District in Russia. Just as we stake out natural wonders for
heightened protection in the form of parks, wilderness areas, and monuments, we
could accord heightened legal protection to these agricultural zones. Projects
that would infringe upon their agricultural character would not be absolutely
prohibited, but they would face additional obstacles and financial
disincentives. Think of it as international zoning law.

   b. Incentives to Encourage Local Production and Consumption

 To encourage local production and consumption of foodstuffs, I recommend a
series of financial incentives and other support mechanisms. Party nations
should be required to provide tax breaks and direct subsidies for farmers'
markets (like we see in the SARE program n358) and small, local producers should
be exempted from burdensome compliance regimes (like we see in the Food Safety
Modernization Act n359). Supermarkets and other food outlets should be rewarded
for carrying local products, and "buy local" campaigns should be funded by the
government.

   c. Incentives to Encourage Organic, Free-Range, and Mixed-Use Farming

 Stronger incentives are also needed to encourage organic farming, free-range
livestock, and mixed-use farms. Although many nations already provide  [*113]
some incentives and subsidies, more is needed if organic and free-range methods
are to challenge industrial agriculture as the dominant model. The same goes for
mixed-use farming. To buck the trend of large farms specializing in one or two
cash crops, forsaking the synergies and ecological benefits that stem from a
mixture of crops and livestock, the international community must take concrete
action. Party nations could commit to provide direct subsidies and tax breaks to
organic and free-range enterprises. The funding for these subsidies could be
provided through increased taxation on industrial agriculture, as discussed
below. To ease the burden, the subsidies could be introduced gradually, and
partial subsidies could be made available to enterprises using both industrial
and organic/free-range methods.

   d. Bans on Harmful Pesticides

 Whereas incentives might be appropriate to encourage the development of a more
localized and organic food system, certain practices must be outright banned. A
number of pesticides - including methyl bromide, endosulfan, and atrazine n360 -
should join DDT on the prohibited list under the Stockholm Convention. n361 This
would not only lead to more ecologically sustainable farming but would also take
one more advantage away from industrial agriculture, as many small-scale farmers
cannot afford these expensive pesticides. n362

   3. Rules to Promote the Preservation of Agrarian Culture

   a. Right to Collective Bargaining

 I have suggested throughout this paper that large-scale, industrialized
agriculture is one of the biggest threats to rural society. Small-scale farmers
who own their own land have far more power (even if not enough) than day
laborers working on mega-farms. One way to enhance the power of farmhands - and
therefore strengthen rural communities - is through a universal right to
collective bargaining. n363 Although some nations recognize  [*114]  this right
through federal law, others do not (e.g., Canada n364 and the United States n365
). This should change.

   b. Subsidized Cultural Programs and UNESCO World Heritage Sites

 To engender greater appreciation for agrarian society, the treaty I envision
would require nations to invest a modest sum in cultural programs. These
programs could be overseen by UNESCO. In addition to its support of endangered
languages, n366 preservation of underwater relics, n367 and arts education, n368
UNESCO could add a rural culture theme to its portfolio. Specifically designed
to promote cultural traditions endemic to rural communities, UNESCO governance
would highlight these traditions and serve as a sort of marketing platform to
attract broader support.

   UNESCO being most famous for its management of "World Heritage Sites," n369
the treaty I propose would also push to include select agricultural zones for
inclusion among these sites. Although the selection criteria as they stand are
broad enough to include agricultural zones, they should be modified to make
eligibility explicit. n370

[*115]

   c. Higher Taxes on Industrial Agriculture

 The foregoing measures would be helpful but likely insufficient on their own to
stem the tide pulling back on agrarian culture. To really put the brakes on this
cultural undertow, industrial agriculture will need to be challenged head-on.
The most direct way to do this is through higher taxes.

   Ideally, every party to the treaty will commit to increasing taxes on
industrialized agricultural enterprises. The tax increase could be modest, but
it should be sufficient to encourage reform by stripping industrial agricultural
of its competitive advantage over small-scale farming. For instance, enterprises
engaging in industrial agriculture might pay 5 to 10 percent in income and
capital-gains taxes versus their non-industrial counterparts. Defining
"industrial agriculture" would obviously pose some challenges, but given the
complex definitions that permeate most tax codes, this should not be
prohibitive.

   d. Subsidies for Small-Scale Farms

 Apart from taxing industrial agriculture at a higher rate, keeping small-scale
farmers in business will also require subsidies and, in the case of developing
countries, tariffs on imports. NAFTA and the WTO Agreement on Agriculture
chipped away at these schemes; from the perspective of agrarian culture, that
was a big mistake. Subsidies and tariff protection for small-scale farmers
should not only be allowed, but they should also be encouraged. These subsidies
could be funded with the additional revenue generated through the tax measures
discussed above. Unless small-scale farmers can make a decent living and compete
with industrial agriculture, we will continue to see mass migration from the
countryside to the city.

   e. Incentives for People to Stay in the Countryside

 This brings me to my final point: incentives for people to stay in the campo.
The idea of offering a financial incentive to encourage residence in a certain
place is not so strange after all. The United States practically gave away land
under the Homestead Act to encourage westward expansion, n371 and businesses
frequently offer relocation bonuses to encourage moves to "undesirable"
locations. n372 The difference here is that we want to encourage people to stay
put, not leave. Governments admittedly will be unlikely to cut checks to
citizens simply because they live in the country, but modest tax breaks may be
feasible.

[*116]

   V. Barriers to Change

   A. Soil's Low Profile

 Despite the best efforts of countless individuals and organizations, the global
soil crisis remains relatively unknown. As Professor David Pimentel explains:
"Soil erosion is second only to population growth as the biggest environmental
problem the world faces... . Yet, the problem, which is growing ever more
critical, is being ignored because who gets excited about dirt?" n373

   If the treaty I propose is to have any chance of success - both in adoption
and, following that, in enforcement - this will need to change. Treaties always
imply winners and losers. In the case of a global treaty on soil conservation,
the losers would be very wealthy. Industrial agriculture, food manufacturers,
developers - these and other economic heavyweights would lobby with all their
might against the treaty I envision. To overcome this pressure, the world's
governments would need to feel even greater pressure from the treaty's
proponents. Until the soil crisis attains more visibility - until it enflames
emotions like climate change - this will not be possible.

   B. Soil and Agriculture Seen As Domestic Issues or As Distinct Issues to Be
Approached Separately

 Even where people do perceive soil conservation and sustainable agriculture as
important public issues, they often either (1) fail to see them as international
problems, or (2) fail to see the connection between the two issues.

   Taking these misconceptions in order, the tendency to view soil as a domestic
issue results from its physical characteristics. Unlike water and air, soil does
not appear to move freely across international borders. Although this is not
actually the case - soil is frequently transported from one place to another,
but the movement is less visible and less dramatic than that of water or air -
the perception controls. n374 As such, soil policy is largely confined to the
domestic codes.

   This is a mistake. If nothing else, soil's role as provider of food lends it
an international quality that should not be overlooked. n375 While many
observers  [*117]  would prefer to see a more localized system of food
production and consumption, that is not the world in which we live. n376 Bananas
from Costa Rica, coffee from Colombia, rice from Thailand, beef from Canada -
these products line the shelves of U.S. supermarkets. While some (generally
poorer) nations tend to import less in foodstuffs, they are still part of the
global food system through their role as exporters. n377 No matter on which side
a nation finds itself in the global food equation (importer, exporter, or both),
it is vulnerable to the international effects of environmental crises. If the
Argentine Pampas suffers from severe drought - as it did in 2009 - Argentina has
less corn, wheat, and cattle to export, and prices rise on the global market.
n378 Because we all have a stake in the global food market, we must all take an
interest in soil concerns, even when these concerns arise in other nations. n379
For similar reasons, agricultural policy should not be confined to domestic law.
n380

   Further, as this discussion shows, the idea that soil conservation and
sustainable agriculture are completely separate issues is also nonsense. But
sometimes nonsense is persistent. In the struggle against a globalized,
industrialized food system, different groups have taken up different causes.
Though they fight for the same ultimate goal - sustainable farming that respects
the environment, the health of the consumer, and the dignity of the farmer -
"the various organizations have not always grasped the systemic nature of the
problems or the need for an integrated analysis and many-sided response." n381
Worse still,



   groups have sometimes been pitted against one another because they failed to
see the connections. For example, some major environmental  [*118]
organizations joined with corporate interests to resist targeting price supports
for small farmers in the deluded belief that it would be easier to control
pollution from a few large farms. Failing to see that low prices for farm
commodities were linked with the low wages paid to farmworkers, small farmers
have sometimes joined in attacks against better conditions for farmworkers. The
history of the growth of the movement for a sustainable food and agriculture
system is the complex story of how more and more of these separate groups are
discovering their interconnections and common interests. n382

 Although more and more people are seeing the connections, they still find
themselves in the minority. Until the global community as a whole recognizes
that soil conservation is an international issue - and that soil conservation
and sustainable agriculture are inextricably linked - popular perception will
remain an obstacle to the treaty I propose.

   C. The Notion That Soil Receives Sufficient Protection Through Other
Environmental Laws

 Not too many who take the time to study the situation will deny that there is a
lack of legislation specifically tailored to the issue of soil conservation.
That being said, many would still challenge the need for such legislation on the
grounds that soil receives sufficient protection through other environmental
rules. There is some validity to this argument, but on the whole it fails to
convince.

   Soil receives a meaningful degree of protection through zoning laws
(including urban growth boundaries) and other land use legislation, water
regulations, rules concerning air pollution, and bans of certain toxic
substances. Why isn't this sufficient? Well, it's just not working. The fact
that we would be worse off without the existing legal regime does not mean that
we are in a place of security. A bleeding patient is thankful for a tourniquet,
but he needs further attention if he is to make a complete recovery. The
statistics show that unless we change, we are headed for disaster: "Around the
world, soil is being swept and washed away 10 to 40 times faster than it is
being replenished, destroying cropland the size of Indiana every year." n383

   D.

"The Prejudice Against Country People"

 As more and more people have moved to the city, a sort of geographical elitism
has taken hold. City dwellers are cosmopolitan, hip, going places. Those left
behind in the country - because who would stay there voluntarily? - are behind
the times. They are bumpkins, hillbillies, hicks, indios, and campesinos.
Wendell Berry calls this "the prejudice against country people." n384 Country
[*119]  folks are viewed as second-class citizens, and therefore their causes
also receive less attention. n385

   Wendell Berry may exaggerate the situation, but he is closer to the truth
than most of us would care to admit:



   I believe it is a fact, proven by their rapidly diminishing numbers and
economic power, that the world's small farmers and other "provincial" people
have about the same status now as enemy civilians in wartime. They are the
objects of small, "humane" consideration, but if they are damaged or destroyed
"collaterally," then "we very much regret it," but they were in the way - and,
by implication, not quite as human as "we" are. The industrial and corporate
powers, abetted and excused by their many dependents in government and the
universities, are perpetrating a sort of economic genocide - less bloody than
military genocide, to be sure, but just as arrogant, foolish, and ruthless, and
perhaps more effective in ridding the world of a kind of human life. The small
farmers and the people of small towns are understood as occupying the bottom
step of the economic stairway and deservedly falling from it because they are
rural, which is to say not metropolitan or cosmopolitan, which is to say
socially, intellectually, and culturally inferior to "us." n386

  [*120]  To be successful, the treaty I propose will need to overcome or
otherwise diffuse this prejudice. n387 If it is seen exclusively as an effort to
benefit rural communities, it is far less likely to be embraced by global
decision makers. If, on the other hand, the treaty is presented as salutary for
the entire world, including urbanites, governments will be more likely to lend
their support. Accordingly, while the stakeholders who would benefit most from
the treaty are those living and working in rural communities, the benefits to
people outside these communities should be disproportionately emphasized.

   E. Short-Term Decision Making

 To earn the long-term benefits brought about by soil conservation and
sustainable agriculture, society must be willing to make short-term sacrifice.
This is easier said than done. The global food system is firmly based in
industrial agriculture, which all its infrastructure of laws, machines,
chemicals, and related enterprises. Though it is obvious that this is not
sustainable in the long run - the land simply cannot handle the abuse, and the
warning signs are becoming harder to ignore - restructuring the global food
system will have its growing pains. Even though sustainable farming is capable
of feeding the planet - and indeed is the only way to feed the planet over the
long haul - the shift will require sacrifice in terms of what we eat and how
farmers grow. To curb desertification in Asia, the Chinese may need to raise
fewer goats. n388 To ensure the continuity of genetically diverse fruits and
vegetables, U.S. consumers may need to accept produce that differs from current
expectations. n389 To reduce nutrient depletion and erosion in the tropics,
Canadians may need to eat fewer bananas and melons. n390

   Reflecting on the battle to change the logging industry, historian Paul Hirt
summed up the concept as follows: "Because forestry is a long-term affair
requiring consistency, and politics is a short-term affair requiring constant
compromises, the two make terrible business partners." n391 The same could be
said for soil conservation and sustainable farming. Environmental advocates and
business leaders tend to line up on opposite sides of the fence, driven by
interests that are antagonistic toward each other. To be sure, many in the
[*121]  business community have come to see that sustainability is consistent
with a strong bottom line (at least in the long run), but the knee-jerk response
to reject conservation remains dominant. n392 This rejection is the product of
short-term thinking.

   Conclusion

 Soil and the communities that work it need our help. I have offered some ideas
in this Article that will hopefully generate momentum toward a binding treaty.
Some of these ideas may not be politically feasible - and others may be rejected
after further analysis - but if they spark serious discussion, that will be a
big step in the right direction. What soil conservationists and agrarian
communities need more than anything else is policy-makers' attention. If they
care about our planet and the well-being of future generations, our leaders will
be quick to lend an ear.

   Sooner or later, binding law will be required to address these issues. Given
the nonrenewable nature of our soil resources - and the nearly impossible task
of undoing cultural erosion - we would be wise to take action now. Though
individual nations have the resources to make significant progress through
policy modifications, collective action is required due to the international
nature of the issues. Without reassurance that other nations are also making
short-term sacrifice in favor of long-term interests, many states will balk at
the idea of pursuing progressive policies. Yet, the status quo is untenable and
the market itself is insufficient to move us toward our goal. Industrial
agriculture will continue to wreak havoc on our soil and the cultures that
depend upon it unless we have a new binding regime such as the proposed global
treaty.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
GovernmentsAgriculture & FoodProcessing, Storage & DistributionInternational
Trade LawGeneral OverviewTortsStrict LiabilityHarm Caused by AnimalsGeneral
Overview

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  See Tim Palmer, The Heart of America 98 (1999) ("Anthropologists ... credit
grasslands on the plains and mountainsides of the Old World as the birthplace of
agriculture and civilization.").





n2.  Brian Brett, Trauma Farm: A Rebel History of Rural Life 154-55 (2009).





n3.  See Alfred E. Hartemink & Alex McBratney, A Soil Science Renaissance, 148
Geoderma 123, 127 (2008).





n4.  Topsoil is defined as "surface soil usually including the organic layer in
which plants have most of their roots and which the farmer turns over in
plowing." Merriam-Webster's Collegiate Dictionary (10th ed. 1998).





n5.  Peter M. Lacy, Note, Our Sedimentation Boxes Runneth Over: Public Lands
Soil Law as the Missing Link in Holistic Natural Resource Protection, 31 Envtl.
L. 433, 437 (2001); see also Alexandra M. Wyatt, Note, The Dirt on International
Environmental Law Regarding Soils: Is the Existing Regime Adequate?, 19 Duke
Envtl. L. & Pol'y F. 165, 172 (2008) ("Formation of soil is slow and complex. An
inch of soil can take centuries or even millennia to form, depending on the
location and conditions.").





n6.  Anthony Toby O'Geen & Lawrence J. Schwankl, Understanding Soil Erosion in
Irrigated Agriculture 4 (2006), available at
http://anrcatalog.ucdavis.edu/pdf/8196.pdf.





n7.  U.N. Env't Programme, UNEP's Strategy on Land Use Management & Soil
Conservation 9-11 (2004) [hereinafter "UNEP's Strategy"], available at
http://www.unep.org/ pdf/UNEP-strategy-land-soil-03-2004.pdf (quoting Kofi A.
Annan, We, The Peoples: The Role of the United Nations in the Twenty-First
Century 61 (2000)); see also O'Geen & Schwankl, supra note 6, at 4 ("In all
instances, we must consider soil to be a non-renewable resource.").





n8.  UNEP's Strategy, supra note 7, at 9-10.





n9.  This is especially true in the case of urban sprawl. See Richard K. Olson &
Thomas A. Lyson, Under the Blade: The Conversion of Agricultural Landscapes 3-5
(1999).





n10. " Campesino" is a Spanish word meaning "peasant" or "farmer." See Maria L.
Lagos, Autonomy and Power: The Dynamics of Class and Culture in Rural Bolivia
181 (1994). Throughout this paper, I use the word campesino as shorthand for
family farmers and other members of traditional rural communities.





n11.  One of the main reasons for this, discussed below, is the presence of
negative externalities in industrial agriculture. For the most part, the global
food market fails to reflect the social and environmental costs imposed by
factory farming. See Jill Hobbs, Incentives for the Adoption of Good
Agricultural Practices, Food and Agricultural Organization of the United Nations
5 (2007), available at
http://www.fao.org/prods/gap/Docs/PDF/3-IncentiveAdoptionGoodAgrEXTERNAL.pdf.
Following the market, nation-states hesitate to impose stricter rules that
would, at least in the short term, render them less competitive. A classic
example is the "race to the bottom" that has been witnessed in the area of labor
law and environmental regulations as corporations seek out the nations offering
the cheapest cost of business. See Alan Tonelson, The Race to the Bottom: Why a
Worldwide Worker Surplus and Uncontrolled Free Trade Are Sinking American Living
Standards 70 (2000) ("Why bother with unions, regulations, and other hassles of
doing business in the industrialized world if you can get low pay and high
productivity without them in the third world? Why, in other words, not race to
the bottom even faster?").





n12.  Donald K. Anton & Dinah L. Shelton, Environmental Protection and Human
Rights 869 (2011) (explaining that soft law often "amounts to ineffectual
hortatory declarations") (internal quotation marks omitted).





n13.  See Tim Radford, Soil Erosion as Big a Problem as Global Warming, Say
Scientists, Guardian, Feb. 14, 2004,
http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2004/feb/14/science.environment (explaining that
"the media focuses on fossil fuel problems, climate change, biodiversity,
logging and forest fires, but not on the soil because it is less spectacular");
Lacy, supra note 5, at 433 ("For a variety of reasons - perhaps because the soil
resource is less glamorous than endangered species, less conspicuous than
toxically polluted waters or clearcut forests, or less politically divisive than
"cowburnt' rangelands - it has never received the same degree of political or
grassroots attention as other natural resources and land uses.").





n14.  See, e.g., H.P. Lovecraft, The White Ship, in Waking Up Screaming:
Haunting Tales Of Terror 224 (2003) ("But more wonderful than the lore of old
men and the lore of books is the secret lore of the ocean."); John F. Kennedy,
Remarks in Newport, R.I. at a Dinner for America's Cup Crews (Sept. 14, 1962),
available at http://www.jfklibrary.org/Research/Ready-Reference/JFK-Quotations.
aspx ("We are tied to the ocean. And when we go back to the sea, whether it is
to sail or to watch - we are going back from whence we came.").





n15.  From the Kabul (for example, Rudyard Kipling's "Ford O' Kabul River") to
the Columbia (for example, Woodie Guthrie's "Roll On, Columbia, Roll On") rivers
have inspired poets and songwriters the world over. For me, some of the most
memorable lines on moving water come from Langston Hughes. See Langston Hughes,
The Negro Speaks of Rivers, in The Collected Poems of Langston Hughes 23 (Arnold
Rampersao & David Roessel, eds., 1994) ("I've known rivers: I've known rivers
ancient as the world and older than the flow of human blood in human veins. My
soul has grown deep like the rivers.").





n16.  The Alaska Pipeline crosses three mountain ranges and over 800 rivers and
streams in its 800-mile journey from Prudhoe Bay to Valdez. Pipeline Facts,
Alyeska Pipeline Service Group, http://www.alyeska-pipe.com/pipelinefacts.html
(last visited July 6, 2011). And, in 2005, nearly 6,000 coal miners lost their
lives in industrial accidents in China alone. Deconstructing Deadly Details from
China's Coal Mine Safety Statistics, China Labor Bulletin, Jan. 6, 2006,
http://www.clb.org.hk/ en/node/19316 (last visited July 6, 2011). These are but
a few examples of the incredible sacrifices we make to obtain gas and minerals.





n17.  See, e.g., The Rainforest Alliance, http://www.rainforest-alliance.org/
(last visited Aug. 25, 2011).





n18.  Endangered Species Act, 16 U.S.C.§§1531-1544 (2006) (requiring federal
agencies to ensure that actions they authorize, fund, or carry out are not
likely to jeopardize the continued existence of any listed species or destroy
critical habitat).





n19.  Actually, we may know even less about soil than we do the ocean. See Beth
Py-Lieberman, A New Exhibition Gets All the Dirt on Soil, Around the Mall (July
31, 2008),
http://blogs.smithsonianmag.com/aroundthemall/2008/07/a-new-exhibition-gets-all-
the-dirt-on-soil/ ("After all, who knew that it takes 500 years to create just
one inch of topsoil, or that a handful of soil contains more organisms than
there are people on this Earth, or that scientists know even less about soil
than they do about the world's oceans ..."). And that's saying something -
according to experts, we know more about space than we do our own oceans. See,
e.g., Frank Pope, Forget Space Travel, the Ocean Is Our Final Frontier, Times
(London), July 30, 2008, available at http://www.cambridge.org/
servlet/file/store6/item6511651/version1/9780521739917_e xcerpt2.pdf.





n20.  Natural Resource Conservation Service, Soil Taxonomy: A Basic System of
Soil Classification for Making and Interpreting Soil Surveys 119-24 (2d ed.
1999).





n21.  Py-Lieberman, supra note 19.





n22.  Soil Biodiversity Portal: Conservation and Management of Soil Biodiversity
and Its Role in Sustainable Agriculture, Food & Agric. Org. of the United
Nations, http://www.fao.org/ag/AGL/ agll/soilbiod/fao.stm (last updated Nov. 3,
2003) (citations omitted).





n23.  Hans Jenny, Factors of Soil Formation 15-17 (1941).





n24.  Compare Cascade Ecological Province, Ecological Provinces of Or.,
http://oregonstate.
edu/dept/range/sites/default/files/EcologicalProvincesOfOregon/ cascade.htm
(last visited Aug. 25, 2011), with Holdredge Soil, Nebraska's State Soil,
University of Neb.-Lincoln Sch. of Natural Res.,
http://snr.unl.edu/data/publications/HoldregeSoil.asp (last visited Aug. 25,
2011).





n25.  See S. Ellis & A. Mellor, Soils and Environment 36 (1995).





n26.  Tropical Soils, Rainforest Conservation Fund,
http://www.rainforestconservation.org/
rainforest-primer/rainforest-primer-table-of-contents/l-tropical-soils (last
visited Jan. 22, 2012).





n27.  Nathaniel Harris, Atlas of the World's Deserts 44 (2003).





n28.  See S. Ellis & A. Mellor, supra note 25, at 211-16 (describing various
soil types and their suitability for agriculture); Stuart Chase, Rich Land, Poor
Land: A Study of Waste in the Natural Resources of America 14 (1936) (discussing
rainfall in "sagebrush country").





n29.  Id. at 1.





n30.  Master Horizons and Layers, USDA Soil Survey Manual (1993), available at
http://soils.usda.gov/technical/manual/contents/chapter3.html.





n31.  Soil Quality Concepts, USDA Natural Res. Conservation Serv., available at
http://soils. usda.gov/sqi/concepts/concepts.html.





n32.  See Rose Anne Devlin & R. Quentin Grafton, Economic Rights and
Environmental Wrongs: Property Rights for the Common Good 4 (1999) ("The crops
which feed us, or the animals we husband, all require soils... . . Without soil,
life as we know it would not exist."); cf. Nicholas Polunin, Introduction to
Plant Geography and Some Related Sciences 32 (1960) (discussing aquatic algae
that "do not need (or have) roots").





n33.  The World Health Organization has provided a more comprehensive
definition, stating that food security exists "when all people at all times have
access to sufficient, safe, nutritious food to maintain a healthy and active
life." Food Security, World Health Org., http://www.who.int/
trade/glossary/story028/en/ (last visited Oct. 31, 2011).





n34.  Hans Van Ginkel et al., Human Development and the Environment: Challenges
for the United Nations in the New Millennium 246 (2002).





n35.  John Ikerd, Sustaining Rural Communities Through Rural Agriculture,
Presented at Southern Rural Sociology Association Annual Meeting, Fort Worth, TX
(Jan. 29, 2001), available at
http://web.missouri.edu/[#x7E]ikerdj/papers/SustainableCom munities.htm.





n36.  See Famine Stricken African Horn: On the Threshold of Catastrophe, Nat'l
Turk, Aug. 11, 2011, available at
http://www.nationalturk.com/en/famine-ridden-african-horn-on-the-threshold-of-ca
tastrophe-13406.





n37.  Scott Baldouf, Hunger and Food Security: Is Africa Selling the Farm?,
Christian Sci. Monitor, Feb. 7, 2011.





n38.  Lester R. Brown, Rethinking Food Production for a World of Eight Billion,
Hunger Notes, July 22, 2009,
http://www.worldhunger.org/articles/09/editorials/brown.htm.





n39.  Programa de las Naciones Unidas para el Desarrollo [United Nations
Development Program], Tras las Huellas del Cambio Climactico en Bolivia [In the
Footsteps of Climate Change in Bolivia] 63 (2011).





n40.  Editorial, Creciente Inseguridad Alimentaria, Los Tiempos, Aug. 8, 2011,
at A9.





n41.  See Brown, supra note 38 ("While hunger has been disappearing in China, it
has been spreading throughout much of the developing world, notably sub-Saharan
Africa and parts of the Indian subcontinent. As a result, the number of people
in developing countries who are hungry has increased from a recent historical
low of 800 million in 1996 to over 1 billion today.").





n42.  Van Ginkel et al., supra note 34, at 246.





n43.  Mustafa Koc et al., For Hunger Proof Cities: Sustainable Urban Food
Systems 204 (1999).





n44.  See Mathew Wilder, Peak Soil: It's Like Peak Oil, Only Worse, Peak
Generation (May 12, 2010)
http://peakgeneration.blogspot.com/2010/05/peak-soil-its-like-peak-oil-only-wors
e.html.





n45.  See Stephen Leahy, Peak Soil: The Silent Global Crisis, Earth Island J.,
Spring 2008, available at
http://www.earthisland.org/journal/index.php/eij/article/peak_soil/.





n46.  Id. (quoting Andres Arnalds, assistant director of the Icelandic Soil
Conservation Service) (internal quotation marks omitted).





n47.  See, e.g., George Kent, Trade Successes and Human Rights Failures, UN
Chronicle, Vol. 43, Issue 3, P. 30, 31 (2006) (discussing the impact of NAFTA on
Mexican sovereignty, while declaring that "an essential component of national
sovereignty is food sovereignty").





n48.  I am not suggesting that self-sufficiency is to be lauded in all of its
possible applications. North Korea, for instance, has pursued a policy of
self-sufficiency and isolation to rather destructive ends. See, e.g., New Report
from Food First: Famine and the Future of Food Security in North Korea, Food
First Inst. for Food and Dev. Pol'y (May 2, 2005),
http://www.foodfirst.org/node/1222. Food sovereignty and can enable some degree
of political independence, but it is then up to the state to use that
independence in a responsible manner.





n49.  Baldouf, supra note 37.





n50.  Id.





n51.  People's Food Policy Project, Resetting the Table: A People's Food Policy
for Canada 9 (2011).





n52.  Id.





n53.  Id.





n54.  Jefferson was particularly concerned about food sovereignty at the
individual level. He viewed self-sufficiency as critical to independence and
virtue:

   Those who labor in the earth are the chosen people of God, if ever He had a
chosen people, whose breasts He has made His peculiar deposit for substantial
and genuine virtue. Iris the focus in which he keeps alive that sacred fire,
which otherwise might escape from the face of the earth. Corruption of morals in
the mass of cultivators is a phenomenon of which no age nor nation has furnished
an example. It is the mark set on those, who, not looking up to heaven, to their
own soil and industry, as does the husbandman, for their subsistence, depend for
it on casualties and caprice of customers. Dependence begets subservience and
venality, suffocates the germ of virtue, and prepares fit tools for the designs
of ambition.

 Thomas Jefferson, Notes on Virginia 678 (1781-85); see also Lisa Krall, Thomas
Jefferson's Agrarian Vision and the Changing Nature of Property, 36 J. Econ.
Issues 131 (2002) ("Historians generally agree that this passage offers a vision
of a nation of independent farmers who would provide the bedrock on which to
build our republic. Agriculture would assure virtue, morality, and independence
of its citizenry, the necessary ingredients for a sound democracy.").





n55.  Sadie Beauregard, Food Policy for People: Incorporating Food Sovereignty
Principles into State Governance 26 (2009), available at
http://departments.oxy.edu/uepi/
uep/live/studentwork/09comps/Food%20Policy%20for%20People.pdf.





n56.  Id.





n57.  Fans of the show Survivorman will recall Les Stroud taking advantage of
the natural filtering properties of soil by digging a shallow hole next to a
contaminated pond. After the rancid water from the pond passed through the
buffer of dirt and stone, Les was good to go. Survivorman: Australian Outback
(Discovery Channel television broadcast Dec. 12, 2008).





n58.  Daryl Buchholz et al., Aquifers and Soil Filter Effect, Univ. of Mo.
Extension (Oct. 1993), available at http://extension.missouri.edu/p/WQ24.





n59.  George R. Phillips & Bernard Frank, To Help Control Floods, Library 4
Science,
http://science-in-farming.library4farming.org/Trees-Private-Wildlife/FORESTS-AND
- MEN-part-2/Forests-and-Water/CONTROL-FLOODS.html (last visited Aug. 11, 2011)
("Watershed lands influence flood flows and sedimentation by the manner in which
they dispose of rain and snow melt. Flood runoff from the land occurs when rain
falls or snow melts faster than the soil can absorb it. The ability of the soil
to take in and hold back water is affected in turn by the kind and condition of
the vegetative cover, as well as by the structure and depth of the soil. Surface
runoff is the most destructive. It is a highly important factor in sheet and
gully erosion and in the rapid formation of flood peaks.").





n60.  Dorota Z. Haman & Forrest T. Izuno, Univ. of Fla.-IFAS Extension, Soil
Plant Water Relationships (2003), available at
http://edis.ifas.ufl.edu/pdffiles/AE/AE02100.pdf.





n61.  Tim Palmer, The Heart of America 58 (1999).





n62.  Id.





n63.  Brett, supra note 2, at 80; Nat'l Soil Survey Ctr., U.S. Dep't of Agric.,
Soil Quality Resource Concerns: Soil Biodiversity (1998), available at
http://soils.usda.gov/sqi/publications/files/biodivers.pdf.





n64.  Scottish Natural Heritage, Information and Advisory Note: Soil
Biodiversity, No. 151 (Feb. 2002), available at
http://www.snh.org.uk/pdfs/scottish/soils2.pdf.





n65.  Natural Res. Conservation Serv., U.S. Dep't of Agric., Soil Quality
Resource Concerns: Soil Biodiversity (1998), available at
http://soils.usda.gov/sqi/publications/files/biodivers.pdf.





n66.  See Scottish Natural Heritage, supra note 64 ("It is now widely apparent
that little is known about soil biodiversity compared to other environments,
even though terrestrial ecosystems cannot function without it.").





n67.  Elaine R. Ingham, Chapter 3: Bacteria, in The Soil Biology Primer (2000),
available at soils.usda.gov/sqi/concepts/soil_biology/bacteria.html.





n68.  Id.





n69.  Id.





n70.  Soil and Climate Change, European Env't Agency,
http://www.eea.europa.eu/themes/soil/ climate/soil-and-climate-change (last
modified July 16, 2009).





n71.  Photosynthesis-Photolysis and Carbon Fixation, Biology Online,
http://www.biology-online.org/1/4_photosynthesis.htm (last updated Jan. 1,
2000).





n72.  European Env't Agency, supra note 70.





n73.  Id.





n74.  Id. Soil carbon sequestration is "carbon dioxide from the atmosphere into
the soil through crop residues and other organic solids, and in a form that is
not immediately reemitted." Alan Sundermeier, Randall Reeder, & Rattan Lal, Soil
Carbon Sequestration - Fundamentals 1 (2010), available at
http://ohioline.osu.edu/aex-fact/pdf/0510.pdf. Sequestration can be achieved "by
management systems that add high amounts of biomass to the soil, cause minimal
soil disturbance, conserve soil and water, improve soil structure, and enhance
soil fauna activity. Continuous no-till crop production is a prime example." Id.





n75.  Id.





n76.  Id.





n77.  Id.





n78.  See Paul B. Thompson, The Spirit of the Soil: Agriculture and
Environmental Ethics 7 (1995) ("The intervening decades have seen that debate
become institutionalized. Cadres of resource economists, foresters, and resource
managers have developed increasingly sophisticated theoretical tools for
assessing the difficult trade-offs between pecuniary uses of lakes, rivers,
forests, and streams and their aesthetic, recreational, or indirect uses.
Philosophers such as Holmes Rolston and J. Baird Callicott have taken up the
banner for Muir, producing more sophisticated accounts of the value of wild
nature.").





n79.  See id. at 7-8.





n80.  Id.





n81.  See Radford, supra note 13 ("The media focuses on fossil fuel problems,
climate change, biodiversity, logging and forest fires, but not on the soil
because it is less spectacular."); Lacy, supra note 5, at 433 ("For a variety of
reasons - perhaps because the soil resource is less glamorous than endangered
species, less conspicuous than toxically polluted waters or clearcut forests, or
less politically divisive than "cowburnt' rangelands - it has never received the
same degree of political or grassroots attention as other natural resources and
land uses.").





n82.  Interview by Kevin Stuart with Hans Jenny (1984), reprinted in Pw, My
Friend, the Soil - Conservationist Hans Jenny - Interview, Whole Earth (Spring
1999), available at http://findarticles.com/p/articles/mi_m0GER/is_19
99_Spring/ai_54321347/.





n83.  See, e.g., Zygmunt J.B. Plater, The Embattled Social Utilities of the
Endangered Species Act - a Noah Presumption and Caution Against Putting Gasmasks
on the Canaries in the Coalmine, 27 Envtl. L. 845, 848 (1997) (stating that
"aesthetic appreciation" is part of the reason we protect endangered species).





n84.  This Article does not discuss the archeological value of soil. For an
interesting discussion on this topic, see Keith Wilkinson, Quantifying the
Threat to Archeological Sites from the Erosion of Cultivated Soil, Antiquity
(Sep. 1, 2006).





n85.  See Lacy, supra note 5, at 433 ("Because soils are critically important
building blocks for nearly every ecosystem on earth, a holistic approach to
natural resources protection requires that soils be protected to avoid
undermining much of the legal protection afforded to other natural resources.").





n86.  Designated Wild and Scenic Rivers, Nat'l Wild and Scenic Rivers,
http://www.rivers.gov/wildriverslist.html (last updated Aug. 18, 2011).





n87.  William Neuman, High Prices Sow Seeds of Erosion, N.Y. Times, Apr. 5,
2011, at B1; Monica Bruckner, The Gulf of Mexico Dead Zone, Microbial Life Educ.
Res., http://serc.carleton.edu/ microbelife/topics/deadzone/ (last modified
March 12, 2011); Truman Lewis, Corn Belt Fertilizers Blamed for Gulf of Mexico
"Dead Zone," ConsumerAffairs.com (Aug. 9, 2011), http://
www.consumeraffairs.com/news04/2011/08/corn-belt-fertilizers-blamed-for-gulf-of-
mexico-dead-zone.html.





n88.  Brett, supra note 2, at 154.





n89.  See Robert Guisepi, Agriculture and the Origins of Civilization: The
Neolithic Revolution, History World Int'l,
http://history-world.org/agriculture.htm (last visited Aug. 13, 2011) ("By 3500
B.C., agricultural peoples in the Middle East could support sufficient numbers
of non-cultivating specialists to give rise to the first civilizations.").





n90.  Ikerd, supra note 35.





n91.  Though some peoples held on to their hunting-and-gathering ways and made
astonishing contributions to human culture and history, the bigger, more complex
societies - those that gave way to our modern civilization - depended on
agriculture. See Guisepi, supra note 89 ("Even after sedentary agriculture
became the basis for the livelihood of the majority of humans, hunters and
gatherers and shifting cultivators held out in many areas of the globe.").





n92.  C.F.C. Hawkes, Prehistoric Foundations of Europe to the Mycenaean Age
(1940) ("Thither we must now turn, looking back on a civilization in the West
created first by the introduction of the Neolithic arts on village-life,
handicraft, and agriculture from North Africa, ultimately perhaps from Egypt ...
.").





n93.  Charles Keith Maisels, The Emergence of Civilization: From Hunting and
Gathering to Agriculture, Cities, and the State in the Near East 213 (1993).
"Master" may not be the best word. Lack of proper drainage techniques
contributed to the Mesopotamians' downfall. See Jared Diamond, Collapse: How
Societies Choose to Fail or Succeed 48 (2005).





n94.  Guisepi, supra note 89.





n95.  Tom Barry, Zapata's Revenge: Free Trade and the Farm Crisis in Mexico 1-6
(1995).





n96.  Carolyn Dean, The Inka Married the Earth: Integrated Outcrops and the
Making of Place, 89 The Art Bulletin 502 (2007).





n97.  Harold Osborne, Bolivia: A Land Divided 100 (1955).





n98.  Daniel M. Goldstein, Performing National Culture in a Bolivian Migrant
Community, 37 Ethnology 117 (1998).





n99.  Henry Stobart, Knowledge and Learning in the Andes: Ethnographic
Perspectives 141 (2002).





n100.  David J. Wilson, Indigenous South Americans of the Past and Present: An
Ecological Perspective 318 (1999).





n101.  Timothy K. Earle & Allen W. Johnson, The Evolution of Human Societies:
From Foraging Group to Agrarian State 263 (1987).





n102.  See generally Brett, supra note 2.





n103.  Id. at 8.





n104.  Id.





n105.  Id. at 286.





n106.  Id. at 152.





n107.  Id. at 147-50.





n108.  Id. at 115.





n109.  Id. at 8-9





n110.  See id. at 320-23.





n111.  In the United States, we see equally intriguing examples of rural culture
in our own countryside. The following passage describes the traditional rhythm
of life in the Corn Belt:

   From the time the frost was out of the ground until the corn was laid by and
the hay and small grain were harvested, there was a rising crescendo of work:
during March, April, and early May, the seeding and planting of annual field
crops and the care of newly born livestock dominated all activities; June was
almost entirely devoted to cultivating corn; and in July there were haying and
the harvesting of small grain. Then during August there was generally a
"breathing spell," which was often taken up with family picnics, trips, fairs,
and revival meetings. Another period of driving work came in the fall - "to get
the corn out of the field before snow falls.

 Carl C. Taylor, Rural Life in the United States 367 (1949). The impact this
schedule had on daily life was far-reaching. "The fact that all the farm
families, and all their members, participated in these drives helps considerably
in explaining the attitudes of the typical corn belter, not only toward work and
play, but also toward many other activities of life." Id.





n112.  UNESCO, Universal Declaration on Cultural Diversity, Art. 5 (Nov. 2,
2001), available at http://portal.unesco.org/en/ev.phpURL_ID=13179&URL&u
score;DO=DO_TOPIC&URL_SECTION=201.html (last visited March 30, 2012).





n113.  Id.





n114.  Id. at Art. 7.





n115.  Gianmarco I.P. Ottaviano & Giovanni Peri, The Economic Value of Cultural
Diversity: Evidence from US Cities 9-44 (Nat'l Bureau of Econ. Research, Working
Paper No. 10904, 2004), available at
http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=618586.





n116.  See Miguel A. Altieri, Agroecology: The Science of Sustainable
Agriculture 1 (1995).





n117.  See Associated Press v. United States, 326 U.S. 1, 20 (1945) (extolling
the marketplace of ideas and characterizing it as the "widest possible
dissemination of information from diverse and antagonistic sources").





n118.  See Ikerd, supra note 35. Discussing the relationship between the
preservation of rural communities and sustainable farming, Professor Ikerd
wrote:

   Even by mid-1990s, a new model or paradigm of agriculture clearly was
emerging under the conceptual umbrella of sustainable agriculture. And that new
way of farming was supportive of rural communities. A sustainable agriculture,
like sustainable development, must meet the needs of all in the present, while
leaving equal or better opportunities for those of the future. It must be
ecologically sound, economically viable, and socially responsible. The
industrial model of agriculture is failing on all three fronts. The specialized,
standardized, large-scale systems of farming are polluting the environment with
pesticides, fertilizers, and manure from confinement animal feeding operations.
Industrialization is driving independent farmers out of business and replacing
them with corporate contractors - who turn out to be little more than tractor
drivers or livestock building supervisors. And industrial agriculture is ripping
the social fabric of rural areas by destroying family farms and rural
communities. An industrial agriculture quite simply is not sustainable.

 Id.





n119.  See id. ("Claiming [not] that rural communities could once again depend
entirely on agriculture, only that a sustainable agriculture could provide a
solid foundation upon which a sustainable rural economy could be built.").





n120.  See Afr. Dev. Bank et al., Poverty and Climate Change: Reducing the
Vulnerability of the Poor Through Adaptation v (2003), available at http://
www.unpei.depiweb.org/PDF/Poverty-and-Climate-Change.pdf ("While climate change
is a global phenomenon, its negative impacts are more severely felt by poor
people and poor countries. They are more vulnerable because of their high
dependence on natural resources, and their limited capacity to cope with climate
variability and extremes.").





n121.  Frank W. Elwell, Industrializing America: Understanding Contemporary
Society through Classical Sociological Analysis 112 (1999) ("Industrial
agriculture promotes the concentration of farmland in order to achieve economies
of scale."). But see Willis L. Peterson, Are Large Farms More Efficient? (Univ.
of Minn. Staff Paper P97-2, 1997), available at
http://ageconsearch.umn.edu/bitstream/13411/1/p97-02.pdf ("Small family and
part-time farms are at least as efficient as larger commercial operations. There
is evidence of diseconomies of scale as farm size increases.").





n122.  Extreme losses like these can happen surprisingly quickly. In May 2007, a
severe rainstorm caused sixty-nine Iowa townships to suffer average estimated
soil losses of more than ten tons per acre. William Neuman, High Prices Sow
Seeds of Erosion, N.Y. Times, Apr. 13, 2011, at B1.





n123. " Big Ag" is a common name for large, industrial-scale agriculture. See,
e.g., Tom Philipott, Big Ag Won't Feed the World, Mother Jones (June 15, 2011
2:00 AM), http://motherjones.com/tom-philpott/2011/06/vilsack-usda-big-ag.





n124.  See Brett, supra note 2, at 133 (explaining that government agencies are
"regulating orchardists out of existence by demanding that we pasteurize our
juice, which can't be done economically on such a small scale").





n125.  See Food and Water Watch, rBGH: How Artificial Hormones Damage the Dairy
Industry and Endanger Public Health 6 (June 2009), available at
http://documents. foodandwaterwatch.org/rBGH.pdf ("Despite all of the health
problems that result for cows treated with rBGH, the artificial hormone does
generally increase the amount of milk that cows produce, typically by 11-15.6
percent. Dairy producers have been under tremendous pressure to "get big or get
out' - in other words, to scale up their production or exit the industry - and
rBGH was aggressively marketed to them as a scaling-up tool.").





n126.  Despite the FDA's claim that "no conclusive evidence shows that organic
food is more nutritious than is conventionally grown food," a study supported by
the French Agency for Food Safety found otherwise. See Denis Lairon, Nutritional
Quality and Safety of Organic Food, 30 Agronomy 33 (2009) (reporting that (1)
organic plant products contain more dry matter and minerals and more
anti-oxidants; (2) organic animal products contain more polyunsaturated fatty
acids; (3) data on carbohydrate, protein and vitamin levels are insufficiently
documented; (4) 94-100 percent of organic food does not contain any pesticide
residues; (5) organic vegetables contain far less nitrates; and (6) organic
cereals contain overall similar levels of mycotoxins as conventional ones).





n127.  Kirsten Schwind, Growing Local Food into Quality Green Jobs in
Agriculture, Race, Poverty, and the Environment 66 (Spring 2007), available at
http://urbanhabitat.org/files/RPE14-1_Schwind-s.pdf ("Today, 75 percent of
farmworkers in the United States were born in Mexico. Crop workers earn an
average of between $ 10,000 and $ 12,499 a year. Among the major occupational
groupings, only private household employees earn less. Not surprisingly, 30
percent of all farmworker families fall below the federal poverty line, and only
23 percent are covered by health insurance.").





n128.  J. Anderson, Report: Small Hog Farms Aid Economy, Omaha World Herald,
Jan. 17, 1998, at 23, 30.





n129.  Id.





n130.  Walter Goldschmidt, As You Sow (1946).





n131.  Olson & Lyson, supra note 9, at 196.





n132.  Goldschmidt, supra note 130 (1946).





n133.  Id.





n134.  Id.





n135.  Id.





n136.  See generally Erik Lichtenberg, Some Hard Truths About Agriculture and
the Environment, 33 Agric. & Res. Econ. Review 24 (2004).





n137.  See Bryan G. Norton, Searching for Sustainability: Interdisciplinary
Essays in the Philosophy of Conservation Biology 356 (2002) ("Sense of place
values emerge at the local level and are highly dependent on the context at that
level; they represent the positive sense of community that, in best cases,
arises between a people and the place in which their culture has been
defined."); see also Lelia Scannel & Robert Gifford, Defining Place Attachment:
A Tripartite Organizing Framework, 30 J. Envtl. Psychol. 1, 1 (2010)
("Humanistic geographers argue that a bond with a meaningful space or "sense of
place' is a universal affective tie that fulfills fundamental human needs ...").





n138.  This phenomenon occurs the world over. See William R. Ferris, A Sense of
Place, 19 Humanities 6, 8 (1998) ("I have traveled to New England, the Midwest,
the West, the Southwest, and to the Gorky Institute of World Literature in
Moscow to assist colleagues at sister institutions who have developed academic
programs that focus on their own regional cultures. They, like we, recognize
that people everywhere define themselves through the places where they are born
and grow up. This relationship, which Eudora Welty calls the "sense of place,'
shapes each of us in deep and lasting ways.").





n139.  See Norton, supra note 137, at 354 ("Development by a person of a local
sense of place is an important part of developing a sense of personal
identity."). Many environmentalists value the idea of a sense of place because
they recognize that humans are motivated by localism. Envisioning environmental
crises as global crises can be helpful, but it can also be overwhelming to the
point of paralysis. Global problems are abstract and insurmountable; local
problems (or global problems with local manifestations) are approachable and
more likely to spur us into action. See id. at 69. Of course, the tension
between "thinking globally" and "acting locally" has not been lost on many
environmentalists. See id. at 348 ("Deep ecologists have advocated more
attention to the concept of place, but in our view they have not successfully
resolved the apparent conflict between the localism implied by emphasis on place
and the centralist, universalist, and Eurocentrist implications of their theory
that all life has equal intrinsic value.").





n140.  To the extent they stay put in one place generation over generation,
family farms buck the trend. As others have noted, "development of a deep sense
of place has been interrupted by the tremendous mobility of populations in the
United States." Norton, supra note 137, at 271.





n141.  The following example illustrates the sense of place that may occur on a
family farm and the ways in which this sentiment transcends economic
considerations:

   Consider the plight of a fourth-generation farm family who learns that an
adjacent property is to be purchased under eminent domain provisions and
provided as the site for a toxic waste treatment facility under a contract with
the local municipality. Our family is offered a choice. If they wish to stay,
they will be compensated for the decrease in their residential property value
resulting from the siting or, if they prefer to move, they will be bought out at
the estimated market value of their property before the siting. Does fair market
value capture all the values that are lost if the family decides that, while
they do not want to move, they cannot accept the new risk and disruption and
decide to leave? Apparently not. If the family accepts fair market compensation
and then uses the money to purchase a farm elsewhere, they will be compensated
for their economic loss, but they will not be compensated for the loss of their
"home." Place-relative information such as how to avoid poison ivy on the way to
the pond, what time of day to catch the largest fish, and a plethora of other
practical and aesthetic details will not be transmitted with the deed to the
property and cannot be carried to a new site.

 Id. at 351-52.





n142.  See Family Farms, Sustainable Table,
http://www.sustainabletable.org/issues/familyfarms/ (last visited Aug. 24, 2011)
("Perhaps most importantly, family farmers serve as responsible stewards of the
land. Unlike industrial agriculture operations, which pollute communities with
chemical pesticides, noxious fumes and excess manure, small family farmers live
on or near their farms and strive to preserve the surrounding environment for
future generations. Since these farmers have a vested interest in their
communities, they are more likely to use sustainable farming techniques to
protect natural resources and human health." (emphasis added)).





n143.  See id.





n144.  William Conlogue, Working the Garden: American Writers and the
Industrialization of Agriculture 16 (2001).





n145.  See Kenneth A. Bamberger, Technologies of Compliance: Risk and Regulation
in a Digital Age, 88 Tex. L. Rev. 669, 696 (2010) (discussing the "traditional
problems of information asymmetry that result from specialization and division
of labor," including the challenge of "ensuring that information about risk, in
particular, gets from those who possess it to those who might act on it").





n146.  Another factor to consider is the value of traditional methods. Though we
tend to think that the next scientific breakthrough will always be better than
the last - and certainly far superior to techniques developed centuries past -
this is often not the case. Traditional farming methods are often ecologically
superior, as many have come to learn over the last few decades. See, e.g.,
Gerald G. Marten, Human Ecology: Basic Concepts for Sustainable Development xiv
(2001). Preserving small farming communities around the world will also help to
ensure the survival of these techniques, some of which may turn out to be of
critical importance.





n147.  Tamsyn Jones, The Scoop on Dirt: Why We Should All Worship the Ground We
Walk on, 17-5 E Mag. 26, Sept. 2006, available at
http://www.emagazine.com/archive/3344.





n148.  Diamond, supra note 93, at 48.





n149.  Id.





n150.  Id. at 489.





n151.  See Anthony Gar-on Yeh & Xia Li, The Need for Compact Development in the
Fast-Growing Areas of China: The Pearl River Delta, in Compact Cities:
Sustainable Urban Forms for Developing Countries 73 (2000) ("Cities in
developing countries are expanding very rapidly. Most of the development is in
the form of urban sprawl at the fringe of the urban areas. This urban sprawl has
led to many environmental and transport problems and the loss of valuable
agricultural land.").





n152.  Elizabeth Rosenthal, Likely Spread of Deserts to Fertile Land Requires
Quick Response, U.N. Report Says, N.Y. Times, June 28, 2007,
http://www.nytimes.com/2007/06/28/world/28deserts.html.





n153.  Poet and rural activist Wendell Berry has summed up the situation as
follows:

   The problem ... is that the faith in industrial agriculture as an eternal
pillar of human society is getting harder to maintain, not because of the
attacks of its opponents but because of the increasingly manifest failures of
industrial agriculture itself: massive soil erosion, soil degradation, pollution
by toxic chemicals, pollution by animal factory wastes, depletion of aquifers,
runaway subsidies, the spread of pests and diseases by the long-distance
transportation of food, mad cow disease, indifferent cruelty to animals, the
many human sufferings associated with agricultural depression, exploitation of
"cheap' labor, the abuse of migrant workers. And now, after the catastrophes of
September 11, the media have begun to notice what critics of industrial
capitalism have always known: The corporate food supply is highly vulnerable to
acts of biological warfare.

 Wendell Berry, The Prejudice Against Country People, 66-4 The Progressive 21
(2002), available at http://www.progressive.org/node/1596.





n154.  Professor Carmen Gonzalez explains the consolidation of market power as
follows:

   Supported by decades of government subsidies, overseas food aid programs, and
public sector agricultural research, these multinational grain traders,
agrochemical corporations, seed manufacturers, and supermarket chains wield
unprecedented market power. Two grain companies control 75 percent of the
world's grain trade. Six agrochemical corporations control 75 percent of global
agrochemical sales and also dominate seed markets. Ten corporations control 67
percent of proprietary seed sales, nearly 90 percent of the agrochemical market,
and 40 percent of retail grocery sales. This market power enables a handful of
transnational corporations to pay farmers relatively low prices for crops even
when prices spike on regional and international markets (as they did during the
2008 food crisis) and to charge farmers high prices for inputs such as seeds and
fertilizers.

 Carmen G. Gonzalez, Climate Change, Food Security, and Agrobiodiversity: Toward
a Just, Resilient, and Sustainable Food System, 22 Fordham Envtl. L. Rev. 493,
508-09 (2011) (footnotes omitted); see also Hidden Costs of Industrial
Agriculture, Union of Concerned Scientists (Aug. 24, 2008),
http://www.ucsusa.org/food_and_agriculture/scienc
e_and_impacts/impacts_industrial_ag riculture/costs-and-benefits-of.html.





n155.  William Conlogue explains the transition, and what was lost in the
process, as follows:

   Farm industrialization is not simply synonymous with the use of machinery or
scientific methods; preindustrial farmers used machinery - horse-drawn seeders,
for example - and scientific methods such as fertilizers and selective breeding.
Agricultural industrialization requires farmers to conceive of plants, animals,
land, and people through a narrow mechanistic frame that tends not to see them
as living things. The industrial farm works toward ever-greater control over
nature as a factor in production rather than working with it. Profit is the
measure of the new farm, not a family's continuance on the land, its quality of
life, or its relations to the larger community. The new farmer rejects
traditional conceptions of agricultural work, work whose model is the
husbandman. The new farmer disdains the conflation of management and labor in
the figure of the farmer, the privileging of inherited farm practices, the
recognition of immanent value in work and property as opposed to their exchange
value, the noncommercial networks of exchange within a community. In contrast to
traditional notions of farmers as husbandmen, industrial agriculture looks to
business and science as models. Its basic precepts include division of labor,
adoption of the latest methods and machinery, systematic business management and
book farming, heavy participation in a cash market that leads to specialization,
emphasis on change and experimentation, and reliance on experts outside the
community for reliable advice. Industrial agriculture aggressively seeks to
replace haphazard tradition with rationality, systematization, efficiency,
organization, professionalization, and an identification of farming with urban
manufacturing.

 Conlogue, supra note 144, at 16.





n156.  Brett, supra note 2.





n157.  Palmer, supra note 1, at 98-99.





n158.  Id.





n159.  Steve Boggan, The Toxic Truth About Mega-Farms: Chemical Fumes,
Distressed Animals and Poisoned Locals Driven from Their Homes and Worse, Mail
Online (July 5, 2010),
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1292011/The-truth-mega-farms-Chemical-fu
mes-distressed-animals-poisoned-locals.html.





n160.  Id.





n161.  Id.





n162.  Id.





n163.  Brett, supra note 2, at 92.





n164.  See Katherine R. Smith, Retooling Farm Policy, 17 Issues in Sci. & Tech.
70 (2002) ("Because of specialization and concentration, the character of the
farm sector has changed dramatically. Whereas farms in the past tended to be
diversified operations, a majority of today's farms specialize in one or a few
related commodities.").





n165.  See Brett, supra note 2, at 80-82, 88.





n166.  See id. at 82 ("If you grow only corn, using artificial fertilizers, you
will gradually strip your land of life, as many farmers have belatedly
discovered ... .").





n167.  Another major defect of industrial agriculture is its focus on a limited
range of agricultural products. See Gonzalez, supra note 154, at 496 ("Although
thousands of crops have been cultivated since the dawn of agriculture, twelve
crops currently supply 80 percent of the world's dietary energy from plants.
Just four crops - rice, wheat, potato and maize - supply nearly 60 percent of
plant-derived calories and protein.").





n168.  See Stewart Smith, Pamela Bell, & Andrew Files, Understanding the
Dichotomy Between Industrial Agriculture and Sustainable Agriculture: Types and
Characteristics of Main Farms 2 (2004), available at
http://www.sag.umaine.edu/more/types-and-characteristics-o.pdf ("Although
alternative systems may not have higher yields or profits they reduce
contamination and improve soil and water quality."); cf. Joseph S. Tulchin,
Economic Development and Environmental Protection in Latin America 48 (1991)
("Short-term yields per unit area in a monoculture will likely exceed the yield
of any single crop in a polycultural system but the total useful yield over the
long term may be significantly greater in the polycultural system.").





n169.  North American Free Trade Agreement, U.S.-Can.-Mex., Dec. 17, 1992, 32
I.L.M. 289 (1993); Barry, supra note 95, at 4 ("Mexico's farm sector, except for
a small group of large-scale agroexporters with secure markets, see more risk
than opportunity in the trade opening that NAFTA brings.").





n170.  The WTO's Agreement on Agriculture, discussed below, operates to a
similar effect.





n171.  Earl Shorris, The Life and Times of Mexico 211 (2004).





n172.  Olson & Lyson, supra note 9, at 181-211.





n173.  Id.





n174.  Barry, supra note 95, at 2.





n175.  Neoliberalism is "a modern politico-economic theory favouring free trade,
privatization, minimal government intervention in business, reduced public
expenditure on social services, etc." Collins English Dictionary - Complete and
Unabridged (2003).





n176.  Olson & Lyson, supra note 9, at 181-211; see also infra Part IV.A.2.b.





n177.  Olson & Lyson, supra note 9, at 181-211.





n178.  Timothy Egan, The Worst Hard Time: The Untold Story of Those Who Survived
the Great American Dustbowl 228 (2006).





n179.  Id.





n180.  William Lockertz, The Lessons of the Dust Bowl, 66 American Scientist
560, 560 (1978).





n181.  Id.





n182.  Homestead Act of 1862, 12 Stat. 392; Thad A. Brown, The Impact of
Population Mobility on American Voting Behavior 29 (1988).





n183.  Lester Brown, Peak Soil Is No Joke: Civilization's Foundation Is Eroding,
Grist (Sept. 29, 2010), www.grist.org/article/civilizations-foundation-eroding.





n184.  Elizabeth Brooks, The Llano Estacado of the U.S. Southern High Plains:
Environmental Transformation and the Prospect for Sustainability 82 (2002).





n185.  Brown, supra note 183.





n186.  Id.





n187.  Id.





n188.  Id.





n189.  Radford, supra note 13.





n190.  See, e.g., Brett, supra note 2, at 226 ("If you're a poor peasant
scrabbling out a living on a hopeless piece of land, the need to protect it from
predators is overwhelming, even when this leads to further environmental damage
that will return to haunt you.").





n191.  Geographic Comparison Table, U.S. Census Bureau,
http://factfinder.census.gov/servlet/GCTTable?_bm=y&-ds_name=DEC_2000_SF1_U&-
CONTEXT=gct&-mt_name=DEC_2000_
SF1_U_GCTPH1_US9&-redoLog=false&-_caller=geoselect&-geo_id=&-format=US-25 (last
visited July 23, 2011). By way of reference, Sacramento County in California has
a population density of 1267 people per square mile. Id.





n192.  Id. Some might say this is the inevitable result of population growth,
but there are many ways to accommodate a growing populace short of urban sprawl.
These include urban growth boundaries, brownfields development, greenbelts,
vertical growth, and other densification strategies. See generally Witold
Rybczynski, Dense, Denser, Densest: Americans Like Their Cities Spacious. Will
Concerns About Costs and the Environment Push Them to Rein in Sprawl?, 35 Wilson
Q. 46 (2011) (describing the opportunities and challenges of urban densification
in the United States); see also Michael R. Greenberg, Environmental Policy
Analysis and Practice 14 (2007) ("Brownfields redevelopment is a separate policy
activity that has been pursued for well over a century, especially in the United
Kingdom and elsewhere, as an approach for rehabilitating declining neighborhoods
and reclaiming land."); Michael Hough, Cities and Natural Process: A Basis for
Sustainability 221-32, 235-41 (2004) (discussing greenbelts and urban growth
boundaries).





n193.  Tim Bernasek, Oregon Agriculture and Land-Use Planning, 36 Envtl. L. 165,
169 (2006).





n194.  Olson & Lyson, supra note 9, at 3-5.





n195.  Yeh & Li, supra note 151, at 73.





n196.  See Tom B. Jones, South America Rediscovered 175 (1949) ("Most travelers
found Cochabamba, "the granary of Bolivia,' infinitely preferable to other
Bolivian cities. The valley produced wheat, maize, and barley; apples, pears,
and quinces were also grown. These products were exported to the mining areas
and to the cacao-growing region of Yungas."); see also Brooke Larson,
Cochabamba, 1550-1900: Colonialism and Agrarian Transformation in Bolivia 173
(1998) ("The European sojourners and administrators, weary after weeks of travel
by mule or horseback across the altiplano, must have been relieved and delighted
upon arriving in Cochabamba valley, to find a temperate climate and a fertile
land inhabited by many Spaniards and creoles. Like Vazquez de Espinosa more than
a century earlier, Cosine Bueno wrote in the 1740s that Cochabamba had every
right "to call itself the granary of Peru [encompassing modern-day Bolivia],
because it produces in abundance all kinds of seeds in a benign and healthy
climate ...'"); see also id. at 298 (explaining that "the Valle Bajo [of
Cochabamba] was annexed directly by the Incas and turned into a principal
granary").





n197.  Robert H. Jackson, Regional Markets and Agrarian Transformation in
Bolivia: Cochabamba, 1539-1960, 39 (1994).





n198.  Interview with Mauricio Sanchez Patzy, Professor of Sociology,
Universidad Mayor de San Simon, in Cochabamba, Bolivia (Aug. 8, 2011).





n199.  Id.





n200.  Cf. Barbara L. Lawrence, The Context and Causes of Sprawl, in Nature in
Fragments: The Legacy of Sprawl 3, 3 (Elizabeth A. Johnson & Michael W. Klemens
eds., 2005) (explaining that, in the United States at least, "sprawl is driven
by a set of public policies at the national, state, and local levels").





n201.  Interview with Mauricio Sanchez Patzy, supra note 198. Sprawl is not the
only problem facing the Cochabamba Valley. Careless land-use practices combined
with the landscape's dramatic topography have resulted in alarming rates of
erosion. Karl S. Zimmerer, Environmental Discourses of Soil Degradation in
Bolivia: Sustainability and the Search for Socioenvironmental "Middle Ground",
in Liberation Ecologies: Environment, Development, Social Movements 98, 111
(Richard Peet & Michael Watts eds., 1996) ("Severity of erosion in Cochabamba
surpasses even the debilitating national average. Its threat has become a
pressing issue for many institutions and inhabitants - including more than
100,000 peasant farmers in the region whose livelihoods depend on small-scale
cropping, livestock raising, and a wide variety of non-farm work.")





n202.  See Olson & Lyson, supra note 9, at 3 ("The approach to development in
the United States is very inefficient - a diffuse pattern that leaves
impoverished urban cores behind while replacing rural landscapes with suburban
sprawl that degrades many landscape functions and offers a diminished quality of
life."); see also Owen D. Gutfreund, Twentieth Century Sprawl: Highways and the
Reshaping of the American Landscape 95 (2004) ("In these circumstances, public
investments in transportation infrastructure worked against the city, advancing
the viability of suburban communities while undermining the sustainability of
the older urban core. To make matters worse, subsidized superhighways provided
added inducement for people and capital to migrate outward.").





n203.  David M. Sheridan, Making Sense of Detroit, 38 Mich. Q. Rev. 321, 326
(1999) ("It is another fire that marks the beginning of the current historical
moment: the fire that resulted from the 1967 riot, the worst of that decade.
Although physically damaging, the fire did not literally return the city to
empty space as the 1805 fire did. Instead, this emptying was accomplished
symbolically: as a symbol of urban instability, it expedited the "white flight'
that ultimately resulted in a highly under-and homogeneously populated city.").





n204.  See generally Peter Hitchens, From Motown to Ghost Town, Mail on Sunday,
July 10, 2011, at 85.





n205.  See Myron Orfield, Land Use and Housing Policies to Reduce Concentrated
Poverty and Racial Segregation, 33 Fordham Urb. L.J. 877, 877-878 (2006) ("Urban
sprawl tends to exacerbate residential racial segregation because unchecked
development at the fringe permits rapid abandonment of inner-suburban and
central-city housing stocks as White residents move into expanding suburban
developments. The resulting isolation of non-Whites in the increasingly
segregated areas that Whites abandon effectively denies many of those residents
access to the sites of opportunity in distant, developing areas of the
region.").





n206.  Van Ginkel et al., supra note 34, at 250.





n207.  Id.





n208.  Id.





n209.  Id.





n210.  See id. at 248 (describing the general domino effect that occurs with
land degradation, including salinization). The following passage from the
International Institute for Land Reclamation and Improvement explains the
process of salinization through improper irrigation:

   Salinity develops in (semi)arid regions, simultaneously with water-logging.
As long as the water-table remains deep, the salts, imported with the irrigation
water (in the order of 0.5 to 2 tons per [hectare] per year), are washed down to
the deeper soils with the percolation losses of irrigation water. If the
water-table becomes shallow, however, excess irrigation can no longer take
place, otherwise the land would become flooded with stagnant water. Hence, salt
leaching no longer occurs, and the salts brought in with the irrigation water
accumulate in the root-zone.

 R.J. Oosterbaan, Effectiveness and Social/Environmental Impacts of Irrigation
Projects, in Annual Report 1988 of the International Institute for Land
Reclamation and Improvement 26 (1989), available at
http://www.waterlog.info/pdf/irreff.pdf.





n211.  Van Ginkel et. al, supra note 34, at 247. Technically speaking, "the
major effects of salinity on soil properties are swelling of clay soils,
dispersion of fine soil particles, crust formation, and a decrease in water
movement within the soil profile." Id. at 250.





n212.  Id. at 250.





n213.  Water in the 21st Century: Imperatives for Wise Water Management: From
Public Good to Priced Commodity, Asian Dev. Bank,
http://www.adb.org/Documents/Reports/Water/from_public.a sp (last visited Dec.
27, 2011).





n214.  For an overview of the salinity problem in the Central Valley and its
economic repercussions, see generally Richard E. Howlett et al., The Economic
Impacts of Central Valley Salinity (Mar. 16, 2009),
http://swap.ucdavis.edu/SWAPFiles/ReportsPapers/MainDocument_ 031909.pdf (last
visited March 23, 2012).





n215.  Colorado River Basin Salinity Control Program, Natural Res. Conservation
Serv. [hereinafter "NRCS"], http://www.nrcs.usda.gov/programs/salinity/ (last
updated July 12, 2010).





n216.  Water Treaty, U.S.-Mex., Feb. 3, 1944, 59 Stat. 1219.





n217.  Colorado River Basin Salinity Control Project, U.S. Dep't of the
Interior, http://www.usbr.gov/projects/Project.jsp?proj_Name=Color
ado+River+Basin+Salinity+Control+Project (last updated April 18, 2011).





n218.  NRCS, supra note 215.





n219.  U.S. Dep't of the Interior, supra note 217.





n220.  Id.





n221.  Van Ginkel et al., supra note 34, at 249-50.





n222.  See id. at 249 ("Drylands are more susceptible to wind erosion than any
other form of degradation because [their] soils tend to be dry, poorly
structured, and sparsely covered by vegetation.").





n223.  Helmut Geist, The Causes and Progression of Desertification 4-6 (2005).





n224.  Abraham McLaughlin & Christian Allen Purefoy, Hunger Is Spreading in
Africa, Christian Sci. Monitor, Aug. 1, 2005,
http://www.csmonitor.com/2005/0801/p01s02-woaf.html.





n225.  Hillary Mayell, Shrinking African Lake Offers Lesson on Finite Resources,
Nat'l Geographic News, Aug. 26, 2001,
http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2001/04/0426_lakechadshrinks.html.





n226.  Lester R. Brown, Plan B 3.0: Mobilizing to Save Civilization 95 (2008),
available at http://www.earth-policy.org/images/uploads/book_files/pb3book.pdf.





n227.  Id. at 96.





n228.  Id.





n229.  Id.





n230.  Nathaniel Harris, Atlas of the World's Deserts 183 (2003).





n231.  See, e.g., Mayell, supra note 225 ("The lake's decline probably has
nothing to do with global warming, report the two scientists, who based their
findings on computer models and satellite imagery made available by NASA. They
attribute the situation instead to human actions related to climate variation,
compounded by the ever increasing demands of an expanding population.").





n232.  See id. ("Overgrazing of the savanna is one of the biggest factors in the
shrinking of the lake ... .").





n233.  Id.





n234.  Id.





n235.  Id.





n236.  Id.





n237.  Brown, supra note 183.





n238.  Ibrahim A. Mirsal, Soil Pollution: Origin, Monitoring, and Remediation
137 (2008). There are several pollution sources besides agriculture, including
"urban sources" (e.g., waste disposal), "industrial sources" (e.g., mining and
smelting), "atmospheric sources" (e.g., wind-blown pollutants), and "incidental
sources" (e.g., Chernobyl). Id. at 138.





n239.  Id. at 137.





n240.  See generally Rachel Carson, Silent Spring (1962).





n241.  Id. at 23, 26, 123, 140, 222.





n242.  U.S. Envtl. Prot. Agency, DDT Regulatory History: A Brief Survey (to
1975) (1975), available at
http://www.epa.gov/aboutepa/history/topics/ddt/02.html (last updated June 8,
2011).





n243.  See Conference of Plenipotentiaries on the Stockholm Convention on
Persistent Organic Pollutants, Stockholm, Swed., May 22-23, 2001, Final Act of
the Conference of Plenipotentiaries on the Stockholm Convention on Persistent
Organic Pollutants [hereinafter "Stockholm Convention"], 1 n.1, U.N. Doc.
UNEP/POPS/CONF/4 (June 5, 2001), available at http://www.pops.int/documents/
meetings/dipcon/25june2001/conf4_finalact/en/FINALACT-English.PDF.





n244.  Patrice Dion, Soil Biology and Agriculture in the Tropics 255 (2010).





n245.  Carson, supra note 240, at 139.





n246.  See Kim M. Blindauer et al., Environmental Pesticide Illness and Injury:
The Need for a National Surveillance System, 61 J. Envtl. Health 9, 9 (1999).





n247.  See S. Ellis & A. Mellor, Soils and Environment 284 (1995).





n248.  Id.





N249.  Id.





n250.  Brett, supra note 2, at 84





n251.  David Derbyshire, Could Pesticides Be to Blame for Disappearance of the
Honey Bee?, Daily Mail, Oct. 1, 2009, at 11.





n252.  Sean Poulter, Pesticides Found on 66pc of Fruit Given Out in Schools,
Daily Mail, June 23, 2006, at 21.





n253.  Jenny Marder, Farm Runoff in Mississippi River Floodwater Fuels Dead Zone
in Gulf, PBS Newshour: The Rundown (May 18, 2011, 12:33 PM),
http://www.pbs.org/newshour/ rundown/2011/05/the-gulf-of-mexico-has.html.





n254.  Nick Bryant, Australia's Great Barrier Reef at "Risk from Pesticide,' BBC
News, Aug. 13, 2011, http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-pacific-14516253.





n255.  United Nations Env't Programme, Global Environmental Outlook: Environment
for Development 4, at 96 (2007) available at
http://www.unep.org/geo/geo4/report/GEO-4_Report_ Full_en.pdf.





n256.  Alan Wild, Soils, Land and Food: Managing the Land During the
Twenty-First Century 75, 81 (2003).





n257.  See Michael Karr, Mineral Nutrient Depletion in US Farms and Range Soils,
Youngevity Can., http://www.canadianlongevity.net/misc/mineral_depletion. php
(last visited Aug. 23, 2011) ("Agriculture, both crops and livestock, depletes
soils of mineral nutrients, because of the removal of nutrients contained in the
produce sold. Since the 1950's the increase in farm productivity and efficiency
has not always resulted in a corresponding increase in the replenishment of
mineral nutrients to the soils through commercially available means. This is
because many growers in the US do not have sufficient management expertise to
account for or replace all plant nutrient elements removed.").





n258.  See, e.g., Asoka Mendis & Caroline Van Bers, Bitter Fruit, 25
Alternatives J. 18, 18 (1999); see also Joseph S. Tulchin & Andrew I. Rudman,
Economic Development and Environmental Protection in Latin America 48 (1991)
("Research shows that diversified cropping helps to overcome three important
limiting factors to tropical agriculture: soil nutrient depletion, weed
competition, and plant diseases.").





n259.  See supra Part III.B.7.





n260.  Ted Steinberg, Down to Earth: Nature's Role in American History 115
(2002) (discussing the use of phosphorous-based fertilizers in the American
South).





n261.  Patrick Derey & Bart Anderson, Peak Phosphorous, Energy Bull., Aug. 13,
2007, http://www.energybulletin.net/node/33164.





n262.  James Elser & Stuart White, Peak Phosphorous, Foreign Pol'y, Apr. 20,
2010, http://www.foreignpolicy.com/articles/2010/04/20/peak_phosphorus.





n263.  Olson & Lyson, supra note 9, at 182.





n264.  Id.





n265.  Id.





n266.  See id. ("Smaller, family-labor farms have declined substantially in
number as larger, increasingly industrial-like operations have become the
primary source of food and other agricultural products... . Technologically
sophisticated and highly standardized production techniques have penetrated most
segments of farming, and advances in plant and animal sciences have resulted in
substantial increases in production.").





n267.  Agricultural Productivity in the United States, Econ. Research Serv.,
U.S. Dep't of Agric., http://www.ers.usda.gov/Data/AgProductivity/ (last updated
May 5, 2010).





n268.  Michael Lind, The New Continental Divide, Atl. Monthly, Jan.-Feb. 2003,
at 86.





n269.  Animal Planet's Last American Cowboy chronicles life on three Montana
ranches. According to the president of Animal Planet, ""The families featured in
Last American Cowboy have extraordinary and compelling stories of grit and
determination as they struggle to preserve their way of life for future
generations ... .'" John Thompson, Reality TV Portrays Life on Montana Ranches,
Idaho Farm Bureau Q., Winter 2011, at 5 (quoting Marjorie Kaplan).





n270.  Thomas Merton has lamented the rise of the city as a spiritual crisis:

   The primordial blessing, "increase and multiply,' has suddenly become a
hemorrhage of terror. We are numbered in billions, and massed together,
marshaled, numbered, marched here and there, taxed, drilled, armed, worked to
the point of insensibility, dazed by information, drugged by entertainment,
surfeited with everything, nauseated with the human race and with ourselves,
nauseated with life. As the end approaches, there is no room for nature. The
cities crowd it off the face of the earth.

 Thomas Merton, Raids on the Unspeakable 70 (1966).





n271.  See Brett, supra note 2, at 88 ("Globalization has separated us from
contact with the soil and moved us at an accelerating rate into cities. And city
people no longer understand rural life, speeding up its rush towards
extinction.").





n272.  See id.





n273.  See id.





n274.  About Us, Farm Aid,
http://www.farmaid.org/site/c.qlI5IhNVJsE/b.2723609/k.C8F1/ About_Us.htm (last
visited Dec. 28, 2011) ("Willie Nelson, Neil Young and John Mellencamp organized
the first Farm Aid concert in 1985 to raise awareness about the loss of family
farms and to raise funds to keep farm families on their land. Dave Matthews
joined the Farm Aid Board of Directors in 2001. Farm Aid has raised more than $
39 million to promote a strong and resilient family farm system of agriculture.
Farm Aid is a nonprofit organization whose mission is to keep family farmers on
their land.").





n275.  Id.





n276.  What Is La Via Campesina?, La Via Campesina (Feb. 9, 2011, 2:08 PM),
http://viacampesina.org/en/index.php?option=com_content&
amp;view=category&layout=blog&id=27&Itemid=44 ("La Via Campesina is the
international movement which brings together millions of peasants, small and
medium-size farmers, landless people, women farmers, indigenous people, migrants
and agricultural workers from around the world. It defends small-scale
sustainable agriculture as a way to promote social justice and dignity. It
strongly opposes corporate driven agriculture and transnational companies that
are destroying people and nature.").





n277. ? Que Es la UNORCA?, Union Nacional de Organizaciones Regionales
Campesinas Autonomas [Nat'l Union of Autonomous Reg'l Peasant Orgs.],
http://www.unorca.org.mx/ objetivos/objet-01.htm (last visited Dec. 28, 2011).





n278.  About MVIWATA, Nat'l Network of Small-Scale Farmers Groups in Tanz.
(MVIWATA), http://mviwata.org/content/about-mviwata (last visited Dec. 28,
2011).





n279.  All Nepal Peasants' Federation, http://www.anpfa.org.np/ (last visited
Dec. 28, 2011).





n280.  Barry, supra note 95, at 3.





n281.  See id.





n282.  Id.





n283.  Elizabeth Henderson, Rebuilding Local Food Systems from the Grassroots
up, 50 Monthly Rev. 112, 116 (July 1998).





n284.  See Shawn Hattingh, The Free Trade Assault on Farming in Mexico: Ya
Basta!, Share the World's Res. (Mar. 13, 2008),
http://www.stwr.org/imf-world-bank-trade/the-free-trade-assault-on-farming-in-me
xico-ya-basta.html (last visted Feb. 8, 2012). As mentioned above, NAFTA was a
deathblow to many small-scale Mexican farmers:

   Mexico's farm sector, except for a small group of large-scale agroexporters
with secure markets, see more risk than opportunity in the trade opening that
NAFTA brings. But the risks are different according to the type of grower. Most
farmers are among the poorest of the poor in Mexico. They have no pickups or
tractors to lose. They wear huaraches of old tire rubber, not engraved leather
norteno boots. For them, the farm crisis is a threat to the survival of their
families. The same lament echoes from one village to another, from Chihuahua to
Chiapas. "We are campesinos,' observed a young indian man from a lowlands
village in Chiapas. "The land is all we have, all we know. Without the land,
what will happen to us and our children? We will be begging on the streets of
Mexico City or working as peones like our grandfathers did."

 Barry, supra note 95, at 5.





n285.  Henderson, supra note 283, at 116.





n286.  See, e.g., Jeffrey P. Cohn, A New Breed of Ranchers: Landowners in
Mexico's Sonoran Desert and the U.S. Southwest Are Implementing Techniques to
Conserve Soil and Water Not Only for Cattle but Also for an Improved Ecosystem,
Americas, Mar.-Apr. 2005, at 6.





n287.  Id.





n288.  Id.





n289.  About SWCDs, Ass'n of Ill. Soil and Water Conservation Dists.,
http://www.aiswcd.org/Guide/about.htm (last visited Dec. 28, 2011).





n290.  Some might take issue with my decision to classify soil and water
conservation districts (SWCDs) as the result of a "social movement." To be sure,
SWCDs were created through state legislation - recommended by President
Roosevelt in the wake of the Dust Bowl - but their character remains more
grassroots than bureaucratic. See id.





n291.  What Are Conservation Districts?, Main Ass'n of Conservation Dists.,
http://maineswcds.org/who.htm (last visited Feb. 8, 2012).





n292.  U.N. Convention to Combat Desertification in Those Countries Experiencing
Serious Drought and/or Desertification, Particularly in Africa, U.N. Doc.
A/AC.241/27 (Sept. 12, 1994) [hereinafter UNCCD], available at
http://www.unccd.int/cop/officialdocs/incd/pdf/24127eng.pdf.





n293.  U.N. Convention on Biological Diversity, June 5, 1992, 1760 U.N.T.S. 79;
31 I.L.M. 818, available at http://www.cbd.int/doc/legal/cbd-en.pdf.





n294.  Kyoto Protocol to the U.N. Framework Convention on Climate Change, U.N.
Doc. FCCC/CP/1997/7/Add.1; 37 I.L.M. 22 (Dec. 10, 1997) [hereinafter Kyoto
Protocol].





n295.  See generally UNCCD, supra note 292.





n296.  See id. at pt. II, art. 5 ("Affected country Parties undertake to: (a)
give due priority to combating desertification and mitigating the effects of
drought, and allocate adequate resources in accordance with their circumstances
and capabilities; (b) establish strategies and priorities, within the framework
of sustainable development plans and/or policies, to combat desertification and
mitigate the effects of drought; (c) address the underlying causes of
desertification and pay special attention to the socio-economic factors
contributing to desertification processes; (d) promote awareness and facilitate
the participation of local populations ... in efforts to combat desertification
and mitigate the effects of drought[.]").





n297.  Wyatt, supra note 5, at 183.





n298.  U.N. Convention on Biological Diversity, supra note 293, at art. 2.





n299.  Kyoto Protocol, supra note 294, at art. 3.





n300.  Id. at art. 3.1.





n301.  Id. at art. 12.





n302.  See id.





n303.  Id.; see also U.N. Framework Convention on Climate Change, Clean
Development Mechanism, http://unfccc.int/kyoto_protocol/mechanisms/clean_
development_mechanism/items/2718.php.





n304.  Frederic Forge, Canadian Parliamentary Research Branch, Carbon
Sequestration by Agricultural Soil 6 (2001), available at
http://dsp-psd.pwgsc.gc.ca/Collection-R/LoPBdP/PRB-e/PRB0038-e.pdf ("Unlike
reforestation, carbon sequestration in agricultural soil was not included in the
original Kyoto Protocol; in other words, soils are not officially recognized as
carbon sinks, and carbon stored in soil cannot be factored into a country's
emissions budgets."); see also Wyatt, supra note 5, at 186.





n305.  Lacy, supra note 5, at 433.





n306.  Food and Agric. Org. of the U.N., World Soil Charter (Nov. 1982),
available at http://www.
fao.org/docrep/T0389E/T0389E0b.htm#Appendix:%20World%20soil%20c harter (last
visited Dec. 28, 2011).





n307.  Eur. Comm. of Ministers, Revised European Charter for the Protection and
Sustainable Management of Soil, 840th Meeting, App. 28, Item 9.1 (2003),
available at https://wcd.coe.int/ wcd/ViewDoc.jsp?id=37477&Site=CM (last visited
Dec. 28, 2011).





n308.  Communication from the Commission to the Council, the European
Parliament, the European Economic and Social Committee and the Committee of the
Regions: Thematic Strategy for Soil Protection, Eur. Parl. Doc. (COM (2006) 231
final (2006), available at http://ec.europa.eu/
environment/soil/pdf/com_2006_0231_en.pdf.





n309.  Eur. Comm. of Ministers, European Soil Charter, 211th Meeting, Resolution
(72)19 (1972), available at
https://wcd.coe.int/com.instranet.InstraServlet?command=co
m.instranet.CmdBlobGet& InstranetImage=588295&SecMode=1&DocId=644074&Usage=2.





    n310.  Soil Conservation Protocol, 2005 J.O. (L 337) 29, available at
http://www.alpconv.org/NR/rdonlyres/F720F0F4-2608-4CF6-8A62-4BEC3F7F56A8/0/SoilP
rotocolEN.pdf.





n311.  Organisation of African Unity, African Convention on the Conservation of
Nature and Natural Resources art. IV, Sept. 15, 1968, available at
http://www.au.int/en/sites/default/files/
AFRICAN_CONVENTION_CONSERVATION_NATURE_ AND_NATURAL_RESOURCES.pdf.





n312.  Ass'n of Se. Asian Nations, Agreement on the Conservation of Nature and
Natural Resources art. VII (July 9, 1985), available at
http://www.asean.org/1490.htm.





n313.  Ctr. for Dev. & Env't, A World Soils Agenda: Discussing International
Actions for the Sustainable Use of Soils (2002).





n314.  See Rabah Lamar et al., The Soil Campaign: Proposals 45-46, available at
infotek.fph.ch/d/f/1719/1719_ENG.pdf?public=FRE&t=.p df (providing an overview
of the Tutzing Initiative for a Soil Convention).





n315.  Fifth International Conference on Land Degradation, Valenzano, Bari,
Italy, Sept. 18-22, 2008, http://www.iamb.it/5ICLD/index.php.





n316.  See Sustainable Use of Soils and Desertification Specialist Group, Int'l
Union for Conservation of Nature,
http://www.iucn.org/about/union/commissions/cel/cel_work
ing/cel_wt_sg/cel_sg_soils/ (last updated Feb. 24, 2011).





n317.  In the United States, soil has received some protection through the Soil
Conservation and Domestic Allotment Act of 1935, 16 U.S.C. §§590(e), (e)(1),
(g), (h), (p)(1), (q)(3) (2006); Title I of the Food and Agriculture Act of
1962, Pub. L. No. 87-703, 76 Stat. 605 (1962); Title 15 of the 1972 Rural
Development Act, Pub. L. No. 92-419, 86 Stat. 657 (1972); and Title XII of the
Food Security Act of 1985, Pub. L. No. 99-198, 99 Stat. 1354 (1985). This
legislation is helpful but simply not adequate.





n318.  Marrakesh Agreement Establishing the World Trade Organization Annex 1A:
Agreement on Agriculture, Apr. 15, 1994, 1867 U.N.T.S. 410, available at
http://www.wto.org/english/docs_e/ legal_e/14-ag_01_e.htm.





n319.  See Gonzalez, supra note 154, at 507.





n320.  Pub. L. No. 110-234, 122 Stat. 923 (2008).





n321.  SARE's authorization lies in sections 1619-1624 of the Food, Agriculture,
Conservation and Trade Act of 1990 (FACTA), 7 U.S.C. § 5801 (2006), and for
selected national projects, 7 U.S.C § 5812 (2006). See Catalog of Fed. Domestic
Assistance, Sustainable Agriculture Research & Education,
https://www.cfda.gov/?s=program&mode=form&tab=step1&amp
;id=69af35a5eaba5ac839056a52df33ef26 (last visited Dec. 29, 2011).





n322.  Renee Johnson & Jim Monke, Cong. Research Serv., What Is the "Farm Bill'?
3, 8 (Sept. 23, 2008).





n323.  Id. at 3, 10 - 11.





n324.  Catalog of Fed. Domestic Assistance, supra note 321.





n325.  About the Convention, Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic
Pollutants, http://chm.pops.int/Convention/tabid/54/language/en-GB/Default.aspx
(last visited Dec. 29, 2011).





n326.  Pesticide Action Network UK, Which Pesticides Are Banned in Europe? 2
(Apr. 2008), available at
http://www.pan-europe.info/Resources/Links/Banned_in_the_EU.pdf.





n327.  Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations, International
Treaty on Plant Genetic Resources for Food and Agriculture (2009), available at
ftp://ftp.fao.org/docrep/fao/011/ i0510e/i0510e.pdf.





n328.  Brett, supra note 2, at 171.





n329.  Id.





n330.  Id.





n331.  Id.





n332.  Id. at 175.





n333.  United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, Rio de Janeiro,
Braz., June 3-14, 1992, Agenda 21, U.N. Doc. A/CONF.151/26/Rev.1 (Vol. I) (Aug.
12, 1992)., available at http://www.un.org/esa/dsd/agenda21/.





n334.  The Convention on Wetlands Text, as Amended in 1982 and 1987, Ramsar
Convention on Wetlands,
http://www.ramsar.org/cda/en/ramsar-documents-texts-convention-on/main/ramsar/1-
31- 38%5E20671_4000_0__ (last visited Dec. 29, 2011).





n335.  UNESCO Cultural Conventions, U.K. National Commission for UNESCO,
http://www.unesco.org.uk/unesco_cultural_conventi ons (last visited Dec. 29,
2011).





n336.  See Udi Lazimy, President Signs Food Safety Overhaul, Organic Farming
Research Found. (Jan. 4, 2011), available at
http://ofrf.org/policy/federal_legislation/food_s afety_110106.html.





n337.  See, e.g., Stefani Negri, Food Safety and Health: An International Law
Perspective, 3 Global Health Governance, no. 1, Fall 2009 at 1, available at
http://www.ghgj.org/Negri_ food%20safety%20and%20global%20health.pdf.





n338.  Peter Goodspeed, Starving Somalis Flooding into Refugee Camps, Nat'l Post
(Ontario), July 12, 2011,
http://fullcomment.nationalpost.com/2011/07/12/goodspeed-analysis-starving-somal
is-flooding-into-refugee-camps/.





n339.  Universal Declaration of Human Rights, G.A. Res. 217A (III), U.N. Doc.
A/810, at 71 (1948).





n340.  See The Right to Food, Comm. on Human Rights Res. 2000/10, U.N. Doc.
E/CN.4/RES/2000/10, at 2 (2000).





n341.  Uwe Kracht, Food Is a Human Right, World Hunger Notes,
http://www.worldhunger.org/ articles/global/foodashumrgt/kracht.htm (last
visited Dec. 29, 2011).





n342.  Smita Narula, The Right to Food: Holding Global Actors Accountable Under
International Law, 44 Colum. J. Transnat'l L. 691, 697 (2006), available at
http://web.gc.cuny.edu/ nehhumanrights06/docs/narula1.pdf.





n343.  Int'l Fed'n of Organic Agric. Movements EU Grp., Externalities: The True
Price of a Product, available at http://www.ifoam.org/about_ifoam/around_worl
d/eu_group-new/positions/factsheets/Pdf/Externalities.pdf.





n344.  Narula, supra note 342, at 719.





n345.  See id. at 697 ("Trade liberalization, the inability to effectively
regulate the power of TNCs [transnational corporations], and burdensome external
debt servicing obligations may restrict the state's ability to fashion
appropriate tools to promote the realization of the right to food.").





n346.  Id.





n347.  Ikerd, supra note 35.





n348.  Obviously, this measure would also aid sustainable farming and the
preservation of agrarian culture.





n349.  See generally Samuel R. Staley & Gerard C.S. Mildner, Urban Growth
Boundaries and Housing Affordability: Lessons from Portland (Oct. 1999),
available at
http://www.una.edu/faculty/blgordon/445%20Documents/Article%20-%20Managing%20Urb
an%20 Growth,%20Lessons%20from%20Portland.pdf.





n350.  See Ronald K. Vogel, Handbook of Research on Urban Politics and Policy in
the United States 399 (1997) (discussing land-use policies around the world and
their effect on sprawl).





n351.  See generally Va. Dep't of Forestry, Erosion Control Measures (2008),
available at http://www.dof.virginia.gov/wq/resources/FieldBMP/FieldBMP
_08_Erosion-Control.pdf.





n352.  Irrigation reform is also desperately needed in light of the global water
crisis. See generally Fred Pearce, When the Rivers Run Dry (2006).





n353.  There are several ways to measure water content in soil, including
evapotranspiration, the "feel" method, use of a neutron probe or tensiometer,
modified electrical resistance, and the gravimetric method. See Robert Evans,
D.K. Cassel, & R.E. Sneed, Measuring Soil Water for Irrigation Scheduling:
Monitoring Methods and Devices (June 1996), available at
http://www.bae.ncsu.edu/ programs/extension/evans/ag452-2.html.





n354.  N.S.W. Dep't of Primary Indus., Best Irrigation Practices, in Best
Practice Guidelines for Growing Vegetables 19, available at
http://www.dpi.nsw.gov.au/__data/assets/pdf_file/0008/ 125648/vegbpg-4.pdf.





n355.  Id. at 20.





n356.  U.S. Dep't of Agric., Irrigation & Drainage: A National Research Plan to
Meet Competing Demands and Protect the Environment 17 (2001), available at
http://www.ars.usda.gov/is/np/irrigationdrainage/IrrigDrainBro.pdf.





n357.  Another idea would be the creation of an "Endangered Soils Act" designed
to protect highly vulnerable soil species. See Pw, supra note 82, at 6.





n358.  See Catalog of Fed. Domestic Assistance, supra note 321.





n359.  See Lazimy, supra note 336.





n360.  For more information on these substances, see Jo Immig, Nat'l Toxics
Network, A List of Australia's Most Dangerous Pesticides (2010), available at
http://ntn.org.au/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/FINAL-A-list-of-Australias-most-
dangerous-pesticides-v2.pdf.





n361.  See Stockholm Convention, supra note 243.





n362.  See Markar Melkonian, Marxism: A Post-Cold War Primer 92 (1996) ("As we
can see, then, competition among industrial capitalists favors large producers
over smaller ones. The same thing holds for agriculture... . Many small farmers
cannot afford to invest in heavy machinery, irrigation systems, fertilizers,
pesticides, and improved seed stock.").





n363.  The International Labour Organization has been especially critical of the
failure to protect collective-bargaining rights:

   Many established farm worker unions complain of violations of the right to
join unions and bargain collectively, especially unions in Central America and
Colombia protesting changes on coffee and banana plantations. Fifty-five percent
of the union complaints in the 1990s of violations of ILO core standards were
from the Americas, and many were directed at governments that assisted, for
example, banana plantations to expel workers. Unions find it hard to organize
and represent farm workers effectively because many live on employer-owned
property, and union organizers often have no clear legal right to enter the
property to talk to workers. Even if some farm workers have collective
bargaining rights, others may be excluded, and employers may restructure work to
favor the employment of excluded workers. For these reasons, collective
bargaining in agriculture "does not appear to be a significant feature in the
agriculture sector of many countries" and is shrinking as unions find it very
hard to make the adjustment from representing permanent plantation workers to
organizing seasonal workers.

 Marilyn Pigott, ILO: Global Farm Worker Issues, Rural Migration News (Oct.
2003), http://migration.ucdavis.edu/rmn/comments.php?id=785_0&u score;5_0.





n364.  See generally Ontario (Attorney Gen.) v. Fraser, 2 S.C.R. 3 (S.C.C. 2011)
(narrowing collective-bargaining rights for agricultural workers)





n365.  The NLRA specifically excludes "agricultural workers" from its
protections. See 29 U.S.C. § 152(3) (2006) ("The term "employee' ... shall not
include any individual employed as an agricultural laborer, or in the domestic
service of any family or person at his home, ... or any individual having the
status of an independent contractor ... .").





n366.  Languages and Multilingualism: Languages Matter!, UNESCO,
http://www.unesco.org/new/
en/culture/themes/cultural-diversity/languages-and-multilingualism/ (last
visited Dec. 30, 2011).





n367.  Underwater Cultural Heritage: Safeguarding the Underwater Cultural
Heritage, UNESCO,
http://www.unesco.org/new/en/culture/themes/underwater-cultural-heritage/ (last
visited Dec. 30, 2011).





n368.  Arts Education, UNESCO,
http://www.unesco.org/new/en/culture/themes/creativity/arts-education/ (last
visited Dec. 30, 2011).





n369.  See generally World Heritage List, UNESCO World Heritage Convention,
http://whc. unesco.org/en/list (last visited Dec. 30, 2011).





n370.  See UNESCO World Heritage Convention, The Criteria for Selection,
http://whc. unesco.org/en/criteria (last visited Dec. 30, 2011).





n371.  Larry W. Waterfield, Conflict and Crisis in Rural America 203 (1986).





n372.  See, e.g., Jeff T. Wattrick, Mayor Bing to Detroit Police: Move to City,
Get Renovated Home for as Little as $ 1,000, MLive.com, Feb. 7, 2011,
http://www.mlive.com/news/detroit/ index.ssf/2011/02/detroit_to_renovate_bost
on-edi.html.





n373.  Susan S. Lang, "Slow, Insidious' Soil Erosion Threatens Human Health and
Welfare as Well as the Environment, Cornell Study Asserts, Chron. Online
(Ithaca), Mar. 22, 2006,
http://www.news.cornell.edu/stories/march06/soil.erosion.threat .ssl.html
(quoting David Pimental) (internal quotation marks omitted).





n374.  For instance, sediment is transported across international borders
bisected by rivers, and soil can jump across borders after being picked up by
the wind.





n375.  There are several other reasons why land degradation should be approached
as a global problem:

   Through the emission of greenhouse gases and changes in the ecosystems that
contribute to the reduction in carbon sinks, [land degradation] contributes to
climate change. It contributes to the depletion of biodiversity, directly
through the degradation and destruction of lands, and indirectly by accentuating
the need to expand cropping into natural forests and rangelands. It affects
water resources through river and reservoir sedimentation and the change in the
hydrological cycles of degraded catchments. These global concerns open up the
possibility of international cooperation in land degradation control.

 Van Ginkel et al., supra note 34, at 253-54; see also id. at 245-46 ("Land
degradation is a local problem in a vast number of locations, but it has
cumulative effects at regional and global scales.").





n376.  See, e.g., Renee MacKillop, Food Hubs - Localizing Food Systems?, Food
First, Mar. 28, 2011, http://www.foodfirst.org/en/Food+hubs.





n377.  John Madeley, Big Business, Poor Peoples: The Impact of Transnational
Corporations on the World's Poor 64-66 (1999).





n378.  Alexei Barrionuevo, In Parched Argentina, Worries over Economy Grow, N.Y.
Times, Feb. 20, 2009, at A8.





n379.  See Van Ginkel et. al, supra note 34, at 253 ("The direct and immediate
causes, nature, and perception of land degradation are site-specific.
Conventional approaches to land conservation and rehabilitation are local. Now,
as land degradation poses a threat to the sustainable welfare of many people
across geopolitical boundaries, it is a cause for regional and global
concern.").





n380.  When the United States grants subsidies to producers of one commodity
over another or chooses to give tax breaks to mega-farms, the effects ripple
across the globe. Subsidies drive down the price of agricultural products,
making it difficult for small farmers to compete; in some cases, like that of
cotton-growers in Africa, this can push communities to the brink of starvation.
See Gumisai Mutume, Mounting Opposition to Northern Farm Subsidies: African
Cotton Farmers Battling to Survive, 17 Afr. Recovery 18 (2003).





n381.  Henderson, supra note 283, at 116.





n382.  Id.





n383.  Lang, supra note 373.





n384.  Berry, supra note 153, at 21.





n385.  Here in Bolivia, the prejudice against country people combines with
racism (campesinos tend to be darker-skinned) and classism (they tend to be
poor) to create a volatile mix. It has turned violent on more than one occasion.
In 1974, Cochabamba saw the Masacre del Valle, when perhaps over 100 unarmed
peasants were killed while protesting the government's manipulation of food
prices. See Maria L. Lagos, Autonomy and Power: The Dynamics of Class and
Culture in Rural Bolivia 62-63 (1994); see also Asamblea Permanente de Derechos
Humanos de Bolivia [Permanent Assembly on Human Rights in Bolivia], La Masacre
del Valle: Cochabamba Enero 1974 (1978), summary available at
http://www.iisg.nl/today/en/23-01.php. More recently, in 2000, youths from the
middle and upper classes stormed Cochabamba's main plaza, where they attacked
and drove off demonstrating campesinos. A witness to the event recalls asking
some friends where they were headed in such a rush. Their response: "A pegar
campesinos." They were going "to beat up peasants." Interview with Kathya Milena
Sanchez, Environmental Engineer, in Cochabamba, Bol. (Aug. 8, 2011).





n386.  Berry, supra note 153, at 22. Berry goes on to describe the
socio-psychological underpinnings of this prejudice, and how it is affecting
lives in the United States and beyond:



   The prejudice begins in the idea that work is bad, and that manual work
outdoors is the worst work of all. The superstition is that since all work is
bad, all "labor-saving" is good. The insanity is to rationalize the industrial
pillage of the natural world and to heap scorn upon the land-using cultures on
which human society depends for its life. Now, in the United States, the
despised work of agriculture is done by the still-surviving and always
struggling small farmers, and by many Mexican and Central American migrant
laborers who live and work a half step, if that, above slavery. The work of the
farmland, in other words, is now accomplished by two kinds of oppression, and
most people do not notice, or if they notice they do not care. If they are
invited to care, they are likely to excuse themselves by answers long available
in the "public consciousness": Farmers are better off when they lose their
farms. They are improved by being freed of the "mind-numbing work" of farming.
Mexican migrant field hands, like Third World workers in our sweatshops, are
being improved by our low regard and low wages. And besides, however
objectionable from the standpoint of "nostalgia," the dispossession of farmers
and their replacement by machines, chemicals, and oppressed migrants is
"inevitable," and it is "too late" for correction.

 Id. at 23-24.





n387.  The idealist in me would like to suggest that this prejudice will fade
away on its own, but I believe it is too deeply entrenched and will not give way
so easily. Efforts like the treaty I propose would go a long way to curbing this
prejudice; in the meantime, the prejudice needs to be acknowledged as an
obstacle.





n388.  See Brown, supra note 226, at 161.





n389.  See Brett, supra note 2, at 170.





n390.  See Asoka Mendis & Caroline Van Bers, Bitter Fruit, 25 Alternatives J.
18, 18 (1999) ("While such fruits are generally affordable for Canadians, the
human and environmental costs of their production in poorer Southern countries
are high. These costs have emerged in the context of big changes in the global
economy and deeply rooted demand and supply trends for fruits imported into
Canada. But that doesn't mean change is impossible.").





n391.  Paul Hirt, A Conspiracy of Optimism: Management of the National Forests
Since World War II 82 (1996).





n392.  See generally Joseph M. Petulla, Environmental Protection in the United
States: Industry, Agencies, Environmentalists 6 (1987) ("Business interests
generally value environmental considerations far less than a growing and strong
economy.").


                               52 of 90 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 26, 2013 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Federal Spigot Flows as Farmers Claim Bias

BYLINE: By SHARON LaFRANIERE; Sarah Cohen contributed reporting, and Kitty
Bennett contributed research.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 5529 words


In the winter of 2010, after a decade of defending the government against bias
claims by Hispanic and female farmers, Justice Department lawyers seemed to have
victory within their grasp.

Ever since the Clinton administration agreed in 1999 to make $50,000 payments to
thousands of black farmers, the Hispanics and women had been clamoring in
courtrooms and in Congress for the same deal. They argued, as the
African-Americans had, that biased federal loan officers had systematically
thwarted their attempts to borrow money to farm.

But a succession of courts -- and finally the Supreme Court -- had rebuffed
their pleas. Instead of an army of potential claimants, the government faced
just 91 plaintiffs. Those cases, the government lawyers figured, could be
dispatched at limited cost.

They were wrong.

On the heels of the Supreme Court's ruling, interviews and records show, the
Obama administration's political appointees at the Justice and Agriculture
Departments engineered a stunning turnabout: they committed $1.33 billion to
compensate not just the 91 plaintiffs but thousands of Hispanic and female
farmers who had never claimed bias in court.

The deal, several current and former government officials said, was fashioned in
White House meetings despite the vehement objections -- until now undisclosed --
of career lawyers and agency officials who had argued that there was no credible
evidence of widespread discrimination. What is more, some protested, the
template for the deal -- the $50,000 payouts to black farmers -- had proved a
magnet for fraud.

''I think a lot of people were disappointed,'' said J. Michael Kelly, who
retired last year as the Agriculture Department's associate general counsel.
''You can't spend a lot of years trying to defend those cases honestly, then
have the tables turned on you and not question the wisdom of settling them in a
broad sweep.''

The compensation effort sprang from a desire to redress what the government and
a federal judge agreed was a painful legacy of bias against African-Americans by
the Agriculture Department. But an examination by The New York Times shows that
it became a runaway train, driven by racial politics, pressure from influential
members of Congress and law firms that stand to gain more than $130 million in
fees. In the past five years, it has grown to encompass a second group of
African-Americans as well as Hispanic, female and Native American farmers. In
all, more than 90,000 people have filed claims. The total cost could top $4.4
billion.

From the start, the claims process prompted allegations of widespread fraud and
criticism that its very design encouraged people to lie: because relatively few
records remained to verify accusations, claimants were not required to present
documentary evidence that they had been unfairly treated or had even tried to
farm. Agriculture Department reviewers found reams of suspicious claims, from
nursery-school-age children and pockets of urban dwellers, sometimes in the same
handwriting with nearly identical accounts of discrimination.

Yet those concerns were played down as the compensation effort grew. Though the
government has started requiring more evidence to support some claims, even now
people who say they were unfairly denied loans can collect up to $50,000 with
little documentation.

As a senator, Barack Obama supported expanding compensation for black farmers,
and then as president he pressed for $1.15 billion to pay those new claims.
Other groups quickly escalated their demands for similar treatment. In a letter
to the White House in September 2009, Senator Robert Menendez of New Jersey, a
leading Hispanic Democrat, threatened to mount a campaign ''outside the
Beltway'' if Hispanic farmers were not compensated.

The groups found a champion in the new agriculture secretary, Tom Vilsack. New
settlements would provide ''a way to neutralize the argument that the government
favors black farmers over Hispanic, Native American or women farmers,'' an
internal department memorandum stated in March 2010.

The payouts pitted Mr. Vilsack and other political appointees against career
lawyers and agency officials, who argued that the legal risks did not justify
the costs.

Beyond that, they said it was legally questionable to sidestep Congress and
compensate the Hispanic and female farmers out of a special Treasury Department
account, known as the Judgment Fund. The fund is restricted to payments of
court-approved judgments and settlements, as well as to out-of-court settlements
in cases where the government faces imminent litigation that it could lose. Some
officials argued that tapping the fund for the farmers set a bad precedent,
since most had arguably never contemplated suing and might not have won if they
had.

''The fund is not politically accessible, it is only legally accessible,'' said
David Aufhauser, the Treasury Department's general counsel from 2001 to 2003.
''Otherwise, it is a license to raid the till.''

A 2010 settlement with Native Americans was contentious for its own reasons.
Justice Department lawyers argued that the $760 million agreement far
outstripped the potential cost of a defeat in court. Agriculture officials said
not that many farmers would file claims.

That prediction proved prophetic. Only $300 million in claims were filed,
leaving nearly $400 million in the control of plaintiffs' lawyers to be
distributed among a handful of nonprofit organizations serving Native American
farmers. Two and a half years later, the groups have yet to be chosen. It is
unclear how many even exist.

The Times's examination was based on thousands of pages of court and
confidential government documents, as well as interviews with dozens of
claimants, lawyers, former and current government officials and others involved
in the cases over the past 14 years. Many officials spoke on the condition of
anonymity, citing rules against disclosing internal government deliberations
and, in a few cases, the desire not to be drawn into a racially charged
controversy.

Mr. Vilsack has said the compensation effort ushers in ''a new chapter of civil
rights at U.S.D.A.,'' where ''we celebrate diversity instead of discriminate
against it.''

In an interview, he said the payments had been fully justified and carefully
controlled. Fraud has been a ''really, really small part of it,'' he added,
pointing out that so far, three of every 10 claims had been rejected and only
three claimants had been convicted of fraud.

''We weren't just writing checks for the heck of it,'' Mr. Vilsack said.
''People were not treated fairly, and in fact, even today there are damages as a
result of folks who weren't treated fairly.''

Acting Associate Attorney General Tony West, who supervised the civil division
and oversaw the handling of the cases, canceled an interview. Attorney General
Eric H. Holder Jr. also declined to comment.

Instead, the department provided senior officials, permitted to speak only on
the condition of anonymity, who said that resolving the lawsuits averted
potentially higher costs from an onslaught of new plaintiffs or losses in court.
They also said the attorney general had broad discretion to settle litigation.
''It was a priority for the administration to resolve the long-standing
discrimination cases,'' a senior official said, and give ''farmers who believed
they had been discriminated against a chance to seek redress.'' Career Justice
Department lawyers, who participated in that interview, declined to answer when
asked if they favored the outcome of their cases, saying their advice is
confidential by law.

Senior White House and Justice Department officials also defended the use of the
Judgment Fund. ''Questions were certainly raised about whether this was
something you could use the Judgment Fund to pay for,'' a senior White House
official said. ''They considered the relevant legal standards and concluded it
was.''

Mr. Vilsack blamed disgruntled Agriculture Department employees for the
criticism of the payouts, saying some simply refused to acknowledge the
pervasiveness of discrimination. ''There are a lot of agendas here, and you are
opening up a Pandora's box,'' he said.

But critics, including some of the original black plaintiffs, say that is
precisely what the government did when it first agreed to compensate not only
those who had proof of bias, but those who had none. ''Why did they let people
get away with all this stuff?'' asked Abraham Carpenter Jr., who farms 1,200
acres in Grady, Ark. ''Anytime you are going to throw money up in the air, you
are going to have people acting crazy.''

Farmers Claim Discrimination

Farmers routinely borrow money to carry themselves from high-cost planting
season to harvest time; lack of credit can lead to barren fields. The original
lawsuit, Pigford v. Glickman, filed in federal court in Washington in August
1997, argued that the Agriculture Department's credit bureau, now called the
Farm Service Agency, routinely denied or limited loans to black farmers while
freely distributing them to whites.

Two government reports that year found no evidence of ongoing, systemic
discrimination. The Government Accountability Office reported that 16 percent of
minority farmers were denied loans, compared with 10 percent of white farmers,
but traced the difference to objective factors like bad credit. An Agriculture
Department study also found ''no consistent picture of disparity'' over the
previous two years.

But the study concluded that decades of discrimination before then had cost
African-American farmers significant amounts of land and income. Black farmers
gave heart-rending accounts of loan officers who withheld promised money while
crops withered, who repossessed their land and sold it to white cronies, who
advised them to milk cows for white farmers rather than sow their own crops.

Written discrimination complaints had fallen on deaf ears at the Agriculture
Department, where the civil rights office had been disbanded during the Reagan
administration.

John W. Boyd Jr., a Virginia farmer who leads the National Black Farmers
Association, was among those who pressed President Bill Clinton to settle the
case. At a White House meeting in December 1997, Mr. Boyd said, he recounted how
a loan officer denied him $7,500 and then handed a $150,000 check to a white
farmer who had not even filled out an application.

The same loan officer spat at him, he said, and later claimed that he had missed
a spittoon. It was, Mr. Boyd said in an interview, ''the most degrading thing
that ever happened to me.''

Just five months after the lawsuit was filed, and without the investigative step
of discovery, the Justice Department opened settlement negotiations.

There were certainly legal reasons to resolve the case. The presiding federal
judge, Paul L. Friedman, was clearly unsympathetic to the government's
arguments. Moreover, the Justice Department was barred from appealing his
certification of the lawsuit as a class action until after the case was over.
That set the stage for a potentially long and costly battle.

Still, ''it was more a political decision than a litigation decision,'' said one
lawyer familiar with the administration's stance. ''The administration was
genuinely sympathetic to the plight of these farmers.''

Mr. Clinton asked Carol Willis, then a senior adviser to the Democratic National
Committee who was known for his expertise in black voter turnout, to get
involved. Mr. Willis said the president wanted to make sure his home state,
Arkansas, benefited. Mr. Willis said he recruited Othello Cross, a Pine Bluff
lawyer, to join the plaintiffs' legal team.

''It had been wrong for many years,'' Mr. Willis said. ''Clinton figured he had
to try to right it.''

So did Judge Friedman.

He initially limited the class of potential claimants to African-Americans who
had farmed between 1981 and 1996 and had previously filed written discrimination
complaints. But his final order significantly expanded the class, admitting
those who had only ''attempted to farm.'' And it threw out the requirement for a
written bias complaint, stating that an oral complaint was sufficient if someone
other than a family member attested to it in an affidavit.

The Agriculture Department was partly to blame for the lack of records. It
routinely discarded failed loan applications after three years, and it had badly
mismanaged written discrimination complaints. Ninety percent of the farmers had
no records either, plaintiffs' lawyers said.

The billion-dollar settlement, the judge's opinion said, was designed to provide
''those class members with little or no documentary evidence with a virtually
automatic cash payment of $50,000.'' Those with documentary proof could seek
higher awards, a tack ultimately chosen by fewer than 1 percent of applicants.

Justice Department lawyers worried about false claims. But the lawyer familiar
with the Clinton administration's stance said they had decided that ''it was
better to err on the side of giving money to people who might not qualify if
they went through litigation than to deny money to people who actually deserve
it.''

Randi Roth, the settlement's court-appointed monitor, said that whatever its
shortcomings, the accord charted the most efficient legal remedy where records
no longer existed. ''The formula they agreed to had the checks and balances of
an adversarial process with multiple levels of review,'' she said.

John C. Coffee Jr., a Columbia Law School professor and specialist in complex
litigation, said that not requiring documentary evidence ''was quite unusual,
but there were also special circumstances.''

Still, he said, ''I don't think they realized how much of an incentive they were
creating for claims to multiply. It is a little bit like putting out milk for a
kitten.

''The next night, you get 15 kittens.''

'It Just Went Wild'

Delton Wright, a Pine Bluff justice of the peace, recalled what happened after
word of the settlement reached his impoverished region: ''It just went wild.
Some people took the money who didn't even have a garden in the ground.'' He
added, ''They didn't make it hard at all, and that's why people jumped on it.''

Mr. Wright, whose family owns farmland outside Pine Bluff, won his claim. So did
two other applicants whose claims were virtually identical to his, with the same
rounded handwriting, the same accusations of bias and similar descriptions of
damages suffered.

Now 57, with his memory weakened by what he said was a recent stroke, Mr. Wright
said he could not recall details of the discrimination he encountered, much less
explain the apparent duplicate claims.

But Mr. Cross, the Pine Bluff lawyer, has his suspicions. ''It got out of
control,'' said Mr. Cross, adding that he had filed about 1,500 claims,
including Mr. Wright's and the apparent duplicates. He estimated that up to 15
percent of Arkansas claims were fraudulent.

Claimants described how, at packed meetings, lawyers' aides would fill out forms
for them on the spot, sometimes supplying answers ''to keep the line moving,''
as one put it.

Even his own staff was complicit, Mr. Cross said; he discovered that four
employees had been slipping unverified claims into stacks of papers that he
signed. He did not inform the court monitor, he said, because ''the damage was
done.''

On two floors of the Cotton Annex building in Washington, a 300-member team from
the Farm Service Agency reviewed claims before adjudicators rendered their final
decisions. In recent interviews, 15 current and former Agriculture Department
employees who reviewed or responded to claims said the loose conditions for
payment had opened the floodgates to fraud.

''It was the craziest thing I have ever seen,'' one former high-ranking
department official said. ''We had applications for kids who were 4 or 5 years
old. We had cases where every single member of the family applied.'' The
official added, ''You couldn't have designed it worse if you had tried.''

Carl K. Bond, a former Agriculture Department farm loan manager in North
Carolina, reviewed thousands of claims over six years.

''I probably could have got paid,'' said Mr. Bond, who is black. ''You knew it
was wrong, but what could you do? Who is going to listen to you?''

Accusations of unfair treatment could be checked against department files if
claimants had previously received loans. But four-fifths of successful claimants
had never done so. For them, ''there was no way to refute what they said,'' said
Sandy Grammer, a former program analyst from Indiana who reviewed claims for
three years. ''Basically, it was a rip-off of the American taxpayers.''

The true dimensions of the problem are impossible to gauge. The Agriculture
Department insists that the names and addresses of claimants are protected under
privacy provisions. But department data released in response to a Freedom of
Information request by The Times are telling. The data cover 15,601
African-Americans who filed successful claims and were paid before 2009.

In 16 ZIP codes in Alabama, Arkansas, Mississippi and North Carolina, the number
of successful claimants exceeded the total number of farms operated by people of
any race in 1997, the year the lawsuit was filed. Those applicants received
nearly $100 million.

In Maple Hill, a struggling town in southeastern North Carolina, the number of
people paid was nearly four times the total number of farms. More than one in
nine African-American adults there received checks. In Little Rock, Ark., a
confidential list of payments shows, 10 members of one extended family collected
a total of $500,000, and dozens of other successful claimants shared addresses,
phone numbers or close family connections.

Thirty percent of all payments, totaling $290 million, went to predominantly
urban counties -- a phenomenon that supporters of the settlement say reflects
black farmers' migration during the 15 years covered by the lawsuit. Only 11
percent, or $107 million, went to what the Agriculture Department classifies as
''completely rural'' counties.

A fraud hot line to the Agriculture Department's inspector general rang off the
hook. The office referred 503 cases involving 2,089 individuals to the F.B.I.

The F.B.I. opened 60 criminal investigations, a spokesman said, but prosecutors
abandoned all but a few for reasons including a lack of evidence or proof of
criminal intent. Former federal officials said the bar for a successful claim
was so low that it was almost impossible to show criminality.

In Arkansas, prosecutors rejected a test case against a Pine Bluff police
officer who had admitted lying on his claim form. Paula J. Casey, the United
States attorney in Arkansas in 2000, said that singling out one individual
raised questions of selective prosecution.

''The defendant could go to the jury and say: 'Everybody else did this. Why am I
standing here?' '' she said.

The claim period ended in late 1999, although the adjudication process dragged
on for a dozen years. But the gusher of claims had only begun.

''Once those checks started hitting the mailboxes, people couldn't believe it,''
said Mr. Wright, the Pine Bluff justice of the peace. ''Then it dawned on them.
'If Joe Blow got a check, I can get one.' ''

Lawmakers Turn Up the Heat

Some 66,000 claims poured in after the 1999 deadline. Noting that the government
had given ''extensive'' notice, Judge Friedman ruled the door closed to late
filers. ''That is simply how class actions work,'' he wrote.

But it was not how politics worked. The next nine years brought a concerted
effort to allow the late filers to seek awards. Career Agriculture Department
officials warned that they might be even more problematic than initial
claimants: in one ZIP code in Columbus, Ohio, nearly everyone in two adjoining
apartment buildings had filed, according to the former high-ranking agency
official.

President George W. Bush was unreceptive to farmers' repeated protests. But
Congress was not: legislators from both parties, including Mr. Obama as a
senator in 2007, sponsored bills to grant the late filers relief.

Mr. Boyd said Mr. Obama's support led him to throw the backing of his
109,000-member black farmers' association behind the Obama presidential primary
campaign. Hilary Shelton, the N.A.A.C.P.'s chief lobbyist, said Mr. Obama's
stance helped establish him as a defender of the concerns of rural
African-American communities.

Public criticism came primarily from conservative news outlets like
Breitbart.com and from Congressional conservatives like Representative Steve
King, Republican of Iowa, who described the program as rife with fraud. Few
Republicans or Democrats supported him. Asked why, Mr. King said, ''Never
underestimate the fear of being called a racist.''

Congress finally inserted a provision in the 2008 farm bill allowing late filers
to bring new lawsuits, with their claims to be decided by the same standard of
evidence as before. The bill also declared a sense of Congress that minority
farmers' bias claims and lawsuits should be quickly and justly resolved.

Congress overrode a veto by Mr. Bush, who objected to other provisions in the
bill. But as Mr. Bush left Washington, Congress had appropriated only $100
million for compensation, hardly enough to pay for processing claims.

Within months of taking office, President Obama promised to seek an additional
$1.15 billion. In November 2010, Congress approved the funds. To protect against
fraud, legislators ordered the Government Accountability Office and the
Agriculture Department's inspector general to audit the payment process.

But simultaneously, the Agriculture Department abandoned the costly and
burdensome review process it had applied to earlier claims. As a result,
according to internal government memos, the percentage of successful claims is
expected to exceed that in the original 1999 settlement. More than 40,000 claims
have been filed and are under review.

In November, the G.A.O. concluded that antifraud provisions provided
''reasonable assurance'' of weeding out false claims, saying more than 3,100
suspicious applications had been identified. But as before, it noted, late
filers need not document claims, leaving adjudicators to rely on assertions that
they have ''no way of independently verifying.''

Few Claims, Big Payout

The Bush Justice Department had rebuffed all efforts to settle the parallel
discrimination suits brought by Native American, Hispanic and female farmers.
But now, the Obama administration's efforts to compensate African-American
farmers intensified pressure from members of Congress and lobbyists to settle
those cases as well.

Within the administration, Secretary Vilsack, a former Iowa governor who had
briefly run for president, found an ally in Mr. West, who had been named an
assistant attorney general after serving as a major Obama fund-raiser. Sweeping
settlements with the three groups, Mr. West argued, would eliminate legal risks
and smooth relations between the Agriculture Department and important
constituencies.

The Native-American case was clearly problematic for the government. The federal
judge overseeing the case, Emmet G. Sullivan, had already certified the
plaintiffs as a class, although only to seek changes in government practices and
policies. He postponed a decision on whether they could seek monetary damages as
a class.

But Justice Department litigators were far from unarmed. If they lost on
damages, case law suggested that the decision might be reversed. Depositions had
revealed many of the individual farmers' complaints to be shaky. And federal
judges had already scornfully rejected the methodology of the plaintiffs'
expert, a former Agriculture Department official named Patrick O'Brien, in the
women's case.

Mr. O'Brien contended that white farmers were two to three times as likely as
Native Americans to receive federal farm loans in the 1980s and 1990s than were
other farmers. But the government's expert, Gordon C. Rausser, a professor of
economics and statistics at the University of California, Berkeley, had produced
a 340-page report stating that Mr. O'Brien's conclusions were based ''in a
counter-factual world'' and that Native Americans had generally fared as well as
white male farmers.

Professor Rausser was astounded when, with both sides gearing up for trial in
late 2009, the government began settlement negotiations. ''If they had gone to
trial, the government would have prevailed,'' he said.

''It was just a joke,'' he added. ''I was so disgusted. It was simply buying the
support of the Native-Americans.''

Agriculture officials predicted that only 5,300 Native Americans were likely to
file claims. The plaintiffs' lawyers, whose fees were to be based on a
percentage of the settlement, estimated up to 19,000 claims.

Only 4,400 people filed claims, with 3,600 winning compensation at a cost of
roughly $300 million. That left $460 million unspent -- of which roughly $400
million under the terms of the settlement must be given to nonprofit groups that
aid Native American farmers.

Ross Racine, the director of the Intertribal Agricultural Council, based in
Montana, said his organization, with an annual budget of just $1 million, is
perhaps the biggest eligible group. But many others are lining up to share the
windfall, he said.

''Everybody is looking at this money on the table and saying, 'Give me some
because I am a good guy,' '' he said.

The remaining $60.8 million will go to the plaintiffs' lawyers, led by the
Washington firm Cohen, Milstein, Sellers & Toll. In court papers, the firm
argued that the size of the payment was justified partly by the fact that the
settlement nearly equaled the maximum estimate of economic damages. Joseph M.
Sellers, the lead counsel, acknowledged the unspent amount was unexpectedly big.
But ''absent a court order,'' he said, ''we don't intend to return it.''

'Divine Intervention'

On Feb. 19, 2010, Alan Wiseman, a lawyer for the Hispanic farmers, strode into
Federal District Court in Washington unusually upbeat. ''Sometimes,'' he told
Judge James Robertson, ''it takes divine intervention'' to move the government.

Over the past decade, his case had not gone well. Nor had the parallel lawsuit
brought by female farmers.

Judge Robertson had refused to certify either group as a class. The United
States Court of Appeals had upheld him, stating in 2006 that the Hispanic
plaintiffs had been denied loans ''for a variety of reasons, including
inadequate farm plans and lack of funds.'' Nor had female farmers proved a
pattern of bias, the court found.

The Justice Department's lawyers had definitively ruled out any group-style
settlement. ''Some of these folks have never made a loan payment in their entire
history with U.S.D.A.,'' Lisa A. Olson, the lead government litigator against
the 81 Hispanic plaintiffs, told Judge Robertson in August 2009. ''There may
even be folks who are under criminal investigation.''

Michael Sitcov, assistant director of the Justice Department's federal program
branch, told the judge that senior department officials agreed with career
litigators that the cases should be fought one by one.

But members of the Congressional Hispanic caucus and a group of eight Democratic
senators, led by Mr. Menendez, were lobbying the White House to move in the
opposite direction. They grew increasingly agitated as the plaintiffs' cases
appeared to falter.

In a letter to Mr. Obama in June 2009, the senators noted that black farmers
stood to receive $2.25 billion in compensation, but that Hispanic farmers, who
alleged the same kind of discrimination, had gotten nothing. Should that
continue, Mr. Menendez wrote that September, ''Hispanic farmers and ranchers,
and their supporters, will be reaching out to community and industry leaders
outside of the Beltway in order to bring wider attention to this problem.''

The issue came to a head after the Supreme Court refused to reopen the issue of
class certification. The next month, on Feb. 11, 2010, Daniel J. Meltzer,
principal deputy White House counsel, held the first of three meetings at which
resolution of the case was discussed, records and interviews show. Among the
attendees were senior Justice and Agriculture Department officials, including
Mr. West, Associate Attorney General Thomas J. Perrelli, and Krysta Harden, then
the assistant agriculture secretary for Congressional relations.

Settlement negotiations began the next week. Judge Robertson expressed surprise
at the news, ''given the history of the case.''

The decision to compensate potentially tens of thousands of Hispanics and women
out of the Judgment Fund averted what was likely to be an uphill struggle with
Congress. Nearly a year after the White House had asked for money to compensate
the second wave of African-American farmers, Congress was still sitting on its
hands. But there was sharp disagreement within the government over whether the
claims from Hispanics and women met the Judgment Fund's ''imminent litigation''
test.

On the one hand, it was possible that absent a settlement, some people now
filing administrative claims might have sued. Judge Robertson was expected to
allow new plaintiffs for several more months. Although only 10 women had sued,
their lawyers had obtained affidavits alleging discrimination from 2,000 others.
Attorneys for the 81 Hispanic farmers also raised the vague specter of tens of
thousands of plaintiffs.

Even so, 10 years had passed since the litigation began. To some administration
officials, the prospect of a huge last-minute rush seemed unlikely.

In agreeing to the payout, the government did, for the first time, impose a
greater evidentiary burden. While one major category of claimants -- those who
said their loan applications had been unfairly denied -- remained eligible for
payments of up to $50,000 without any documentation, others were required to
produce written evidence that they had complained of bias at the time. The
Hispanic plaintiffs were indignant.

Adam P. Feinberg, who represents some of them, said: ''Once the government puts
a program in place for one racial group, even if it decides it is too generous,
it cannot adopt a different set of restrictions for another racial group. It's
outrageous.''

The claims process opened in late September, six weeks before the election. In
the weeks before the March 25 deadline, facing far fewer claimants than
expected, the Agriculture Department instructed processors to call about 16,000
people to remind them that time was running out, despite internal disquiet that
the government was almost recruiting claims against itself. The deadline was
then extended to May 1.

So far, about 1,900 Hispanics and 24,000 women have sought compensation, many in
states where middlemen have built a cottage industry, promising to help win
payouts for a fee.

Last October, a court-appointed ombudsman wrote that hundreds, perhaps
thousands, of people had given money to individuals and organizations in the
belief that they were reserving the right to file a claim under the second
settlement for black farmers, only to learn later that their names had never
been forwarded to the authorities. People familiar with that statement said it
was directed in part at Thomas Burrell, a charismatic orator and the head of the
Black Farmers and Agriculturalists Association, based in Memphis.

Mr. Burrell has traveled the South for years, exhorting black audiences in
auditoriums and church halls to file discrimination complaints with his
organization's help, in exchange for a $100 annual membership fee.

In an interview last month, Mr. Burrell said he had dedicated his life to
helping black farmers after biased federal loan officers deprived him of his
land and ruined his credit. He said his organization had misled no one, and had
forwarded the names of all those eligible and willing to file claims.

''I have never advocated anybody file a false claim,'' he said. ''I have worked
almost pro bono for this cause.''

On a recent Thursday at the Greater Second Baptist Church in Little Rock,
several hundred African-Americans listened intently as Mr. Burrell told them
they could reap $50,000 each, merely by claiming bias. He left out the fact that
black men are no longer eligible, and that black women are eligible only if they
suffered gender, not racial, bias.

''The Department of Agriculture admitted that it discriminated against every
black person who walked into their offices,'' he told the crowd. ''They said we
discriminated against them, but we didn't keep a record. Hello? You don't have
to prove it.''

In fact, he boasted, he and his four siblings had all collected awards, and his
sister had acquired another $50,000 on behalf of their dead father.

She cinched the claim, he said to a ripple of laughter, by asserting that her
father had whispered on his deathbed, ''I was discriminated against by
U.S.D.A.''

''The judge has said since you all look alike, whichever one says he came into
the office, that's the one to pay -- hint, hint,'' he said. ''There is no limit
to the amount of money, and there is no limit to the amount of folks who can
file.''

He closed with a rousing exhortation: ''Let's get the judge to go to work
writing them checks! They have just opened the bank vault.''

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/04/26/us/farm-loan-bias-claims-often-unsupported-cos
t-us-millions.html

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Top left, black farmers held a protest outside the Agriculture
Department in Washington in 2002 tied to litigation about farm loan
discrimination. Top right, two brothers, Albert and Rene Garza, took their
protest to a state fair in New Mexico in 2009, where Agriculture Secretary Tom
Vilsack was appearing. Above, John W. Boyd Jr. of Virginia, the president of the
National Black Farmers Association, says he was denied a loan. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY
STEPHEN CROWLEY/THE NEW YORK TIMES
NORM DETTLAFF/LAS CRUCES SUN-NEWS, VIA ASSOCIATED PRESS
JEREMY M. LANGE FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)
Mr. Vilsack, the agriculture secretary, during his appearance at the state fair
in New Mexico in 2009. (PHOTOGRAPH BY NORM DETTLAFF/LAS CRUCES SUN-NEWS, VIA
ASSOCIATED PRESS) (A24)
Thomas Burrell of the Black Farmers and Agriculturalists Association leading a
workshop on filing claims. (PHOTOGRAPH BY JOSHUA LOTT FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)
 Agriculture Department reviewers found many suspicious claims for compensation,
some from nursery-  school-age children and urban dwellers, and some in the same
handwriting offering nearly identical  accounts of discrimination. Those
concerns were played down as the compensation effort grew. (A25)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                               53 of 90 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                            October 9, 2012 Tuesday

Your Town: USDA to explain bias claim program in Salinas

BYLINE: The Monterey County Herald

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 365 words


SALINAS

USDA to explain bias claim program

Representatives with the United States Department of Agriculture will be in
Salinas Wednesday to promote a new program designed to addressed discrimination
claims by Latinos and women farmers and ranchers.

More than $1.33 billion is available to implement this program, which will
review claims by women and minorities who may have been subject to
discrimination when seeking loans from the United States Department of
Agriculture from 1981 to 2000.

The meeting will take place from 7 to 8 p.m. at the Monterey County Agriculture
Commissioner office, 1428 Abbot Road.

MONTEREY PENINSULA

Fire stations to hold safety fair, open house

The Monterey Fire Department is holding a safety fair and open house at its
stations in Monterey, Pacific Grove and Carmel from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. Saturday
to end Fire Prevention Week.

· Safety fair and open house at Carmel Fire Station No. 5, on 6th Avenue between
Mission and San Carlos streets, and Monterey Fire Station No. 1, 600 Pacific St.

· Open house and tours at Monterey Fire Stations No. 2, 582 Hawthorne St., and
No. 3, 401 Dela Vina, and at Pacific Grove Fire Station No. 4, 600 Pine Ave.

· Auto extrication demonstrations at 1 p.m. at Monterey Fire Station No. 1 and 2
p.m. at Carmel Fire Station No. 5.

For information, call 646-3900.

MONTEREY

Alzheimer's caregiver workshop is Wednesday

A free workshop, "Caregiving Challenges and Strategies   Personal Care Issues:
Bathing, Incontinence and Dressing," will be held 2 to 4 p.m. Wednesday at the
Alzheimer's Association, 21 Lower Ragsdale Drive.

It's a problem-solving workshop for caregivers caring for someone with memory
loss.

To register, call 800-272-3900.

SEASIDE

Domestic violence conference set

A conference on domestic violence will be held 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Friday at the
CSU Monterey Bay Conference Center, 2081 Inter-Garrison Road.

Experts on teenagers and the LGBTQ community will speak.

Tickets are $65 and can be purchased online or at the door. Continuing education
credits are available. To register, seewww.co.monterey.ca.us/dvcc .

The conference is sponsored by the Domestic Violence Coordinating Council of
Monterey County and the CSUMB Police Department.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                               54 of 90 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                          November 23, 2005, Wednesday

FSA county committee election period begins

SECTION: METRO WEST KANAWHA; Pg. P2

LENGTH: 318 words


The election period for the USDA's Farm Service Agency's county committees is
underway through Monday, Dec. 5.

"County committees help administer federal farm programs at the local level,"
explained Laura Meadows, the county executive director for the FSA in Kanawha
and Putnam counties. "It is vital that FSA committees represent a cross-section
of producers in each community. I encourage all eligible producers, especially
minorities and women, to make a difference by voting in this year's FSA county
committee elections."

FSA county committees help ensure FSA agricultural programs serve the needs of
local producers. Committees provide input on commodity price support loans and
payments, conservation programs, disaster payments for some commodities and
other farm disaster assistance.

FSA committees operate within official regulations designed to carry out federal
laws. Most committees consist of three to five members and may have one or more
appointed advisors to further represent the interests of minority and women
farmers and ranchers.

Agricultural producers, who participate or cooperate in any FSA program and are
of legal voting age, can vote. A person supervising and conducting the farming
operations on an entire farm, but not of legal voting age, can also vote.

Eligible producers who do not receive a mailed ballot should contact their local
FSA offices. All ballots must be returned to the voter's FSA office or be
postmarked by Dec. 5.

The candidate receiving the most votes serves a three-year term as the elected
county committee member. The person receiving the second most votes serves a
three-year term as the first alternate. The candidate receiving the third most
votes serves as second alternate for three years.

Approximately one-third of nearly 8,000 committee seats nationwide are up for
election annually. New elected committee members and alternates will take office
on Jan. 1.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Charleston Newspapers


                               55 of 90 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             April 29, 2011 Friday
                                  Main Edition

IN BRIEF;

BYLINE: From wire reports<P>

SECTION: A; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 354 words


<b>PAIR PLEAD GUILTY IN DUGARD KIDNAP

PLACERVILLE, CALIF.</b> - A married couple charged with kidnapping Jaycee Dugard
when she was 11 and holding her captive for nearly 20 years pleaded guilty to
their crimes Thursday under an agreement that calls for life sentences.

Phillip Garrido, 60, and his wife, Nancy, 55, entered their pleas in an El
Dorado County courtroom. They faced 29 charges of kidnapping and sexual assault.

Phillip Garrido repeatedly raped Dugard and fathered two daughters with her
while confining her to a backyard warren of tents and soundproof sheds in their
rural home in an unincorporated section of Antioch, Calif.

Under the plea deal, Phillip Garrido will be sentenced on June 2, with a maximum
possible sentence of 431 years to life in prison.

Nancy Garrido, who helped snatch the girl in 1991 and later helped deliver the
babies her husband fathered with Dugard, pleaded guilty in return for a sentence
of 25 years to life, in addition to 11 more years.

<b>SETTLEMENT OK'D FOR INDIAN FARMERS

WASHINGTON</b> - A federal judge has approved a $680 million settlement between
the Agriculture Department and American Indian farmers who say they were denied
loans because of discrimination.

The two sides agreed on the deal last year subject to court approval. U.S.
District Judge Emmet Sullivan approved the terms Thursday.

Individuals who can prove discrimination could receive up to $250,000 from the
government.

The agreement also includes $80 million in farm debt forgiveness for the Indian
plaintiffs and a series of initiatives to try to alleviate racism against
American Indians and other minorities in rural farm loan offices.

The lawsuit, named after George and Marilyn Keepseagle of Fort Yates, N.D., was
filed in 1999 and contends Indian farmers and ranchers lost hundreds of millions
of dollars over several decades because they were denied USDA loans that instead
went to their white neighbors. The government settled a similar lawsuit filed by
black farmers more than a decade ago and has offered to settle other suits
brought against USDA by Hispanic and women farmers.

<b>TYPE:</b> Briefs

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                               56 of 90 DOCUMENTS



                                   Iran Daily

                            October 1, 2016 Saturday

To effectively combat climate change, involve women

LENGTH: 916  words


London's Waterloo Bridge over the River Thames is famously known as the 'Ladies
Bridge,' for it was built largely by women during the height of World War II.

On another continent, women fighting a different war have built an equally
remarkable structure: A 3,300-meter anti-salt dyke constructed by a women's
association in Senegal to reclaim land affected by rising levels of salt water,
Ipsnews reported.

These women are on the front-line of the fight against climate change, and their
ingenuity and resolve resulted in a singular victory. The project allowed the
revitalization of rice-growing activities and the re-generation of natural
vegetation over 1,500 hectares, and benefiting over 5,000 people in Senegal.

Yet, women continue to be excluded from climate change solutions for
agriculture.  A look at United Nations report on female representations in main
climate change decision bodies shows that women are a minority on every major
committee of the United Nations' own top climate change decision making group.
For example, women hold only six percent of positions in the Advisory Board of
the Climate Technology Center and Network. At the same time, women smallholder
farmers have limited access to agricultural training, credit, seeds, and inputs
- all of which are essential for the development and adoption of climate-smart
agricultural practices.

Most affected by climate change are the world's 1.3 billion poor people, the
majority of whom are subsistence farmers, women and their families. Furthermore,
women make up an average of 43 percent of the global agricultural workforce and
produce as much as 90 percent of the food supply in African countries, where
they are also mainly responsible for providing water and fuel for their
families.  All this makes them exceptionally vulnerable to the effects of
climate change.

Not only does women's disempowerment prevent us from understanding the true
extent to which climate change is disrupting the way of life for our most
at-risk communities, it also perpetuates the antiquated narrative that women are
victims, rather than agents, of change.

But, as seen in Senegal, women bring novel perspectives and solutions to the
fight against climate change. Furthermore, studies have found that women in
leadership improve organizations' financial performance, strengthen the
organizational climate, increase corporate social responsibility and reputation,
leverage talent and enhance innovation and collective intelligence.  Therefore,
across every level of society, women's leadership in addressing climate change
must be supported.

While there are signs of change -- including the recently announced appointment
of Patricia Espinosa as executive secretary to the United Nations Framework
Convention on Climate Change -- much remains to be done, whether in the Board
room or on the threshing floor.

Small-scale women farmers must be assisted with tools, technologies and other
resources to effectively deal with the changing climate. These include portable
modern stoves that do not require large amounts of firewood and biogas digesters
that can turn waste from animals into gas for cooking.

Water conservation technologies, such as micro-dams, rain storage systems,  and
drip irrigation technologies that  grow more crop per drop are a prerequisite
for dealing with more variable rainfall. Such climate-smart agriculture
techniques could potentially allow small-scale women farmers to grow crops and
feed their families throughout the year and avoid the 'hungry season'.

When women gain access to such resources and tools on a large scale, whole
communities and regions can benefit. In India, for example, the Gorakhpur
Environmental Action Group and the Women's Earth Alliance launched a yearlong
India Women, Food Security, and Climate Change Training Program.  Through this
program, women were trained on a wide array of conservation agricultural
practices including agroforestry, conservation tillage and mixed farming. These
practices strengthen resilience of the land base to extreme events, broaden
sources of livelihoods, and have positive implications for climate change
adaptation.

As a result of the initiative, over 5,000 women were trained and over 6,000
trees were grown. The trainees were further tasked with implementing what they
had learned. Many of the 5,000 trained women launched their own small-scale
agribusinesses and continued to be leaders in the fight against climate change,
reaching out to more than 750,000 people.

Another example is the work of late Nobel Prize winner Prof. Wangari Maathai.
Through the greenbelt movement, she empowered women to grow seedlings and plant
trees to bind the soil, store rainwater, and provide food and firewood. Since
its inception, the organization has planted over 51 million trees, helping to
protect Kenya's forests. This program not only addresses climate change, but it
also creates jobs for women while improving water and food security.

Efforts towards empowering women with tools and resources to fight climate
change must be intensified and accelerated at local, national and regional
levels.  Echoing the words of former President of Finland Tarja Halonen: "Women
are powerful agents whose knowledge skills and innovative ideas support the
efforts to combat climate change." Including women in top decision-making organs
on issues of climate change and empowering them on ground to take action is
essential, and will surely facilitate a more stable and prosperous planet.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1056


                 Copyright 2016 Iran Cultural & Press Institute
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                               57 of 90 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 23, 2010 Friday
                                Suburban Edition

Double standard seen in USDA incident;
Other officials got away with discrimination, agency critics say

BYLINE: Krissah Thompson

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A18

LENGTH: 815 words


There is a glaring irony in the wake of Shirley Sherrod's firing and subsequent
reinstatement offer, say those who know her in Georgia.

She lost her job in a matter of hours under the suspicion of racism, but
officials in the Department of Agriculture who were found to have withheld loans
from Sherrod and her husband's farming cooperative were never fired.

"Discrimination happens in USDA. . . . And it's there because the agency never
did deal with the people who caused it," Sherrod said Thursday morning on the
"Today" show. "No one lost their job because they discriminated against black
farmers, Hispanic farmers, Native American farmers, women farmers. . . . Those
individuals . . . some have retired, but many of them are still there."

That is the irritation that remains as the White House and the USDA try to
repair their mistreatment of Sherrod, who was fired based on a selectively
excerpted video that made it appear as if she had denied help to a white farmer,
said Jerry Pennick, director of the Federation of Southern Cooperatives Land
Assistance Fund, where Sherrod worked before joining the USDA. The government's
poor treatment of her has resonated loudly and badly among farmers who have
faced discrimination.

"The government stands to pay out over $2 billion for discrimination against
African Americans and not one person in the department has been fired because of
that, yet the first African American woman to [oversee rural development] in
Georgia was fired for alleged racism," Pennick said. "And nobody has been fired
for proven discrimination."

David Cantu, a farmer in Hidalgo County, Tex., who is a part of the Hispanic
farmers' lawsuit against the USDA, said he senses "resentment" from the people
in the department's county office. "Some of the people doing the discrimination
at the county level are still there, and the people that they trained are still
there," he said.

John Zippert, director of operations for the federation in Alabama, said he
filed hundreds of discrimination claims against the county supervisor in
Sumpter, Ala., but the supervisor -- who has since died -- kept his job for more
than 30 years.

John Boyd, a farmer in southern Virginia who has lobbied for black farmers on
Capitol Hill, said that after he settled his discrimination complaint against
the USDA, he had to continue to go back to the county supervisor against whom he
had filed the complaint. "They threw him a big retirement party," Boyd said.

A USDA official defended Secretary Tom Vilsack's track record on civil rights in
a statement outlining his efforts -- including providing civil rights training
to officials in state Farm Service agencies and Rural Development offices, where
much of the historical discrimination occurred. In addition, many of the
complaints filed against USDA employees have reached the statue of limitations,
USDA officials said, and Congress would have to reopen the cases to deal with
firing people. Vilsack has also hired a company to analyze the agency's programs
to identify problematic areas.

"We have been working to turn the page on the sordid civil-rights record at
USDA," Vilsack said this week.

There have been problems with discrimination at the department for decades. In
1965, the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights found civil rights abuses in how
farmers and employees were treated. Reports in the 1980s and '90s found that
such abuses were forcing minority farmers out of business.

In 1999, the department agreed to pay black farmers for past discrimination. The
suit was led by the Federation of Southern Cooperatives and settled for more
than $1 billion. Sherrod and her husband, who ran a 6,000-acre farming
cooperative called New Communities in the 1970s, were awarded $13 million to be
shared among their cooperative in a settlement with the USDA last year,
including $330,000 for their pain and suffering, according to Sherrod's lawyer
Rose Sanders

The case was later reopened to allow additional black farmers to apply for
compensation, and Vilsack announced in February that the USDA had settled with
them for $1.25 billion -- which must be appropriated by Congress. The USDA and
the Department of Justice are also working with Hispanic and women farmers to
close their case for $1.33 billion, a USDA official said.

Pennick said Vilsack had built up good will with minority farmers by meeting
with them to address their concerns and speaking often about "changing the
culture" of the USDA, but the treatment of Sherrod has left a bitter taste. "It
stands a chance of erasing all they have done," he said.

Sherrod may be more forgiving. At an April ceremony honoring her achievements at
her alma mater, Fort Valley State University, she talked about her experience at
the agency. "God has a sense of humor," she said. "I oversee some of my former
enemies, but I hold no grudge."

Research editor Alice Crites contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                               58 of 90 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                             May 28, 2015 Thursday
                                 METRO EDITION

Women farmers talk shop

BYLINE: TOM MEERSMAN; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 527 words



HIGHLIGHT: A summit in St. Paul focused on women in agriculture.


More than 1 million women either own or operate farms across the country,
according to Krysta Harden, a U.S. deputy agricultural secretary.

"Women have been involved in agriculture forever, from field to fork," Harden
said. But more women now are taking leadership roles.

Harden spoke Wednesday at a summit on women in agriculture at the University of
Minnesota St. Paul campus hosted by U.S. Sen. Amy Klobuchar, D-Minn.

The speakers called for more women to consider careers in the agriculture
industry. Others, who are successful in the field, also spoke to the nearly 100
attendees.

"Agriculture is about a lot more than growing crops," Klobuchar said. "It works
to provide real and measurable benefits for our economy."

Technology has improved so much that farming is not as labor intensive as it
once was, Harden said, providing more opportunities for women both in growing
food and in dozens of ag-related careers.

"Only 1 percent of our population feeds the other 99 percent," she said. "We
need everybody, and

we need women's voices and leadership."

On the front lines of introducing people to farming in Minnesota is the Land
Stewardship Project, a nonprofit based in Minneapolis that offers in-depth
courses on the economics, science and environmental sustainability of growing
food.

Amy Bacigalupo, director of the Project's Farm Beginnings program, said that in
18 years it has trained 750 people - 60 percent of them women.

"There's a next crop of women farmers and women leaders among us," she said, and
many had no previous farming background.

"They're coming because they care about their food and they care about where
their food comes from," Bacigalupo said, "and that gets them down a path of
starting to grow it for themselves."

Pakou Hang, executive director of the Hmong-American Farmers Association, said
that farming is very difficult for newcomers to break into, whether they are
men, women or minorities.

The biggest obstacles are access to land, new markets, capital and credit, and
research and other resources, Hang said. The Association runs a 155-acre farm in
Dakota County with 18 growers who sell mainly in metro farmers markets.

Shelly DePestel, a fifth-generation dairy producer near Lewiston in southeastern
Minnesota and a board member of the Minnesota Milk Producers, said having a
summit helps give more focus to women who are involved in agriculture and allows
them to share their stories.

"It's nice to see a large group of women who are very dedicated and passionate
about agriculture," she said. "It's really good to step off the farm and
communicate with other women who are doing the same types of things."

Alise Sjostrom, president of Redhead Creamery and one of the younger farmers at
the meeting, said building connections with other women in agriculture is
inspiring.

"It's one of those things that builds your energy back up and reminds me of why
I'm doing what I am," she said. Sjostrom co-owns and operates a 180-cow dairy
with her husband and parents near Brooten, in central Minnesota.

"I rarely leave home because we dairy farm and make cheese," she said.
"Everything I do is 50 feet from my house."

Tom Meersman · 612-673-7388

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                               59 of 90 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                             April 12, 2009 Sunday
                               FIVE STAR EDITION

FARMING BECOMING WOMEN'S WORK;
COMMUNITY OF FEMALE FARMERS IN STATE INCREASES WITH POPULARITY OF SPECIALIZED
PRODUCE

BYLINE: Arlene Martinez and Scott Kraus, The (Allentown) Morning Call

SECTION: STATE; Pg. B-4

LENGTH: 947 words


ALLENTOWN, Pa.-- From the time she was a little girl, helping her father in the
family's backyard garden in Easton, Northampton County, Teena Bailey was
attracted to farming.

But she could never afford to buy the expanse of land needed to turn the outdoor
hobby into a financially viable job.

Three years ago, capitalizing on a rising demand for locally grown produce, Ms.
Bailey, 63, launched a small vegetable farm on her 1.5-acre property in
Germansville, about 15 miles northwest of Allentown.

"There is nothing nicer than seeing the seasons and the growth of plants and
actually producing something that is valuable that makes people happy and makes
people healthy," said Ms. Bailey, who grows greens such as lettuce and bok choi
and other vegetables to sell at local farmers markets.

Ms. Bailey is part of a growing community of women farmers in the state, across
the nation and in the Lehigh Valley.

The number of women as principal operators of a farm increased 41 percent in
Pennsylvania, and 29 percent nationally between 2002 and 2007, according to data
released in February by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

There are now 8,550 women farmers in Pennsylvania, including 150 in the Lehigh
Valley.

Their numbers are up largely because of the popularity of small, specialized
farms, which require less land to turn a profit, eliminating some of the
barriers to entering farming.

Overwhelmingly, women are the proprietors of small farms. About half of the
state's female farmers, 4,471, earned less than $1,000 from their crops.

The growth has come as women have taken a more active role in business in
general and as opportunities for agricultural education have expanded, said Mark
O'Neill, spokesman for the Pennsylvania Farm Bureau.

"A lot of women go to college with the idea they will get a job in agriculture,"
Mr. O'Neill said. "Many come back to the farm, purchase their own farm or lease
a farm themselves."

In the 2007 survey, the USDA's National Agricultural Statistics Service tried to
better capture the number of small farms and ones run by minorities and women,
in part by working with community-based organizations.

The survey also reflects that women are reporting their roles as principal
operators more to the USDA than they have in the past.

Ruth Raber, who has been farming since she was a "knee-high to a grasshopper,"
falls into that category. She hasn't always been listed as a primary operator --
a farm can list up to three primary operators -- but she is now.

Ms. Raber said she has noticed more women at the annual farming practice
workshops that farmers attend to keep certain certifications.

"You go to the pesticide meetings, the herbicide meetings, you see more and
more," said Ms. Raber, who grows corn, soybeans and wheat in Orefield, about 10
miles west of Allentown.

Women are taking over family operations when their husbands or parents are
unable to continue, Mr. O'Neill said.

Some are engaging in specialized agriculture such as community co-ops, organic
produce or raising nontraditional farm animals such as alpacas, said Maria
Bentzoni, Northampton County's farmland preservation administrator.

"Women are more adept at trying different things and not the old agricultural
ways," said Ms. Bentzoni, using the example of a new lama farmer who turns the
wool into fashions in Northampton County.

A 2005 survey of women farmers by the Pennsylvania Association for Sustainable
Agriculture showed that many saw farming as a lifestyle more than a livelihood
and were likely to stay long term.

Women are increasingly drawn to farming, the survey noted, because they can
involve their family, produce their own food and be part of the community, the
survey said.

Sue Tantsits and Louise Schaefer opened Edge of the Woods Native Plants Nursery
in Orefield for just a few weekends in 2003.

But business was good so the next year, they decided to open full time. A friend
sold them a piece of her property so they now grow native plants and shrubs on
10 acres near New Tripoli, about 15 miles northwest of Allentown.

Agriculture drew them, said Ms. Schaefer, because of its importance in society,
in generating locally grown food and in preserving open space.

"I've seen the loss of a lot of farmland. Anyone who drives around can see it,"
she said.

Laurie Lynch raises chickens and sells fresh eggs on her eight-acre property
outside Kutztown, and grows an ever-changing variety of vegetables such as
Jerusalem artichokes and Belgian endive.

"One of the attractions is the horticultural part of it. I love to grow things,"
said Ms. Lynch, who likes how farming allows her to, "be with my kids, raise
them and provide good food for them.

"I think women are drawn to the outdoors and it's a rewarding career that you
can combine with a family pretty easily."

For others, especially younger women such as Megan Leblond, 28, of Kunkletown,
farming is a moral statement.

She's planning to use the 30- to 40-acre farm she purchased with her boyfriend
as their primary source of food and to sell niche crops such as berries to bring
in some income.

"I find really a peacefulness in nature and I am really mesmerized by the way
nature works, and so for me, it is an intimate feeling and a less commercial
feeling," Ms. LeBlond said. "If I can preserve nature by obtaining the farm and
use it respectfully I can be very socially and environmentally [moral]."

Ms. LeBlond has been working closely to map out the farm with her mentor, Heidi
Secord, 39, who grows organic vegetables in Stroudsburg.

"I think women in particular have an ability to think big but do small and more
sustainable operations," said Ms. Secord, who began farming in 1996, after
returning from the Peace Corps.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Rob Kandel/The Morning Call: Sue Tantsits, left, and Louise
Schaefer transfer plants in the greenhouse of Edge of the Woods Native Plant
Nursery in Orefield, Pa., last month. Since opening the nursery in 2003, Ms.
Tantsits and Ms. Schaefer have purchased a nearby 10-acre plot from a friend,
and joined a rapidly growing number of women operating small farms throughout
Pennsylvania.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 P.G. Publishing Co.


                               60 of 90 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 10, 2010 Friday
                                National Edition

Hispanic Farmers Feel Shortchanged by Settlement Offer

BYLINE: By BRANDI GRISSOM.

bgrissom@texastribune.org

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Texas ; THE TEXAS TRIBUNE; Pg. 25A

LENGTH: 801 words


Modesta Salazar remembers playing baseball with her 12 brothers and sisters on
the family farm outside the South Texas town of Pearsall, where her father and
brothers grew cotton, corn and maize. ''All this was beautiful,'' she said
wistfully, looking out over more than 500 acres of once-lush fields that are now
scrubland, overtaken by mesquite trees and cactus. ''Now it's just stories.''

The cause of the decline, Mrs. Salazar said, is discrimination by the United
States Department of Agriculture since the 1960s in the awarding of loans and
other federal benefits to minority farmers.

She and more than 1,000 other Hispanic farmers in Texas and other states sued
the U.S.D.A. a decade ago, demanding that the government make reparations and
change its ways. Last month, Congress agreed to multibillion-dollar settlements
for mistreatment -- but with black and American Indian farmers. Hispanic farmers
say the government has offered them a laughable sum by comparison.

''The government seems to be of the view they can simply throw some money -- and
very little money at that -- at the problem, and ignore completely the practices
that caused these lawsuits,'' said Stephen Hill, a partner at the Howrey law
firm in Washington and the lead lawyer in the Hispanic farmers' case.

The Agriculture Department acknowledges the mistreatment that has been alleged.
Secretary Tom Vilsack has said his agency is committed to resolving past
discrimination cases, and government officials insist they are working to ensure
that the plaintiffs get a quick and equitable settlement. But the Agriculture
and Justice Departments argue that the Hispanics' suit is different from the one
brought by blacks and Indians. Unlike the other minority farmer lawsuits, judges
who presided over the Hispanic farmers' case said the group did not share enough
in common to file a class-action lawsuit.

Mrs. Salazar's father, Juan Rodriguez, bought the farm in 1952. Neighbors told
him that the two previous owners had each lost the farm and warned him that
local Agriculture Department agents would try to drive off his family as well. A
few years later, a local bank told Mr. Rodriguez that he owed $1,000 -- a loan
he did not remember receiving -- and that he would lose the land if he did not
pay it. An Anglo woman at the bank who had seen a similar scenario before wrote
Mr. Rodriguez a check on the spot, saving the farm.

Problems with the Agriculture Department persisted, Mrs. Salazar said, and loans
needed for planting would come too late or not at all.

When he died in 1982, his sons took over the Pearsall farm and also encountered
problems with the Agriculture Department. Loans were denied, and even when
high-level officials ordered local agents to lend the family money, it never
came. The brothers filed complaints, sent letters and pleaded for help. One by
one, Mrs. Salazar said, her brothers had to leave the farm until finally only
her brother Modesto Rodriguez remained.

When he had a series of disabling strokes, Mrs. Salazar continued the struggle.
Today, the farm's only inhabitants are a few cattle and horses and a small group
of abandoned dogs. In 2001, the government began foreclosure proceedings that
are on hold, pending the outcome of the lawsuit.

This year, the Justice and Agriculture Departments offered Hispanic farmers
$1.33 billion to settle their discrimination claims and the claims of women
farmers in a similar lawsuit. Then, Congress approved a settlement of more than
$2.25 billion with black farmers -- even though census data indicated that
nationwide there were about twice as many Hispanic farmers. The government's
offer would also cap damages for individual Hispanic farmers at $50,000.

Mr. Hill and other lawyers on the case told government lawyers that the proposal
was ''woefully inadequate.'' Since then, Mr. Hill said, negotiations are at a
standstill.

Government officials said they had gone to great lengths to be fair to Hispanic
farmers. If not for Mr. Vilsack's efforts to settle the claims quickly and
fairly, the officials said, each of the thousands of Hispanic farmers would have
to spend years arguing in court. (The current offer, they said, allows farmers
who believe they are entitled to more than $50,000 to pursue their cases in
court.)

''We believe that the voluntary settlement process we set forward is a fair
option,'' said Jessica Smith, a Justice Department spokeswoman.

As Mrs. Salazar stepped over cactus and cooed at dogs that roam the ruins of
mobile homes and rusted farm trucks, she said she hoped the case was resolved in
her lifetime. Maybe some of her dozens of nieces and nephews will be able to
make a living here, she said, and finally vindicate her family after years of
mistreatment.

''We've gone through hell,'' she said. ''I'm willing to do anything.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Victor Elizondo, left, and Noe Obregon visiting land that the
Rodriguezes, Mr. Elizondo's cousins, used to farm near Pearsall, Tex.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY CALEB BRYANT MILLER FOR THE TEXAS TRIBUNE)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The New York Times Company


                               61 of 90 DOCUMENTS

                          El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)

                           February 26, 2004 Thursday

Loans denied, Hispanic farmers say

BYLINE: By Louie Gilot, El Paso Times

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1F

LENGTH: 694 words


Many things can derail small farmers of the Lower Valley -- droughts, hailstorms
and pests.

But some local Hispanic farmers said they also have had to contend with
discriminatory practices by the U.S. Department of Agriculture office that's in
charge of helping them.

The El Paso farmers are part of a federal class-action lawsuit filed in the
District of Columbia in 2000, alleging discrimination in the award of operating
and disaster loans at the USDA's Farm Service Agency between 1981 and 2000. The
suit is in the class certification stage.

"There has to be accountability so a Hispanic farmer has the same chance to get
a loan as an Anglo farmer," said Stephen Hill, a lead lawyer on the suit with
the Howrey Simon law firm in Washington.

The suit's attorneys visited with the five or six El Paso-area farmers named in
the suit Wednesday in El Paso. A total of 110 plaintiffs from around the country
are named in Garcia v. Veneman, and 20,000 farmers could benefit from a possible
settlement, including about 200 in El Paso. The suit is named for Guadalupe L.
Garcia Jr., a Las Cruces farmer, and USDA Secretary Ann Veneman.

USDA officials in Washington declined to comment on the pending suit. But they
said that 10 percent of Farm Service Agency loans are earmarked each year for
minority and women farmers and that the department created the Office of
Minority and Socially Disadvantaged Farmers Assistance two years ago.

According to Census Bureau projections, the number of Hispanic farmers has
increased by 50 percent between 1997 and 2002 to more than 50,000.

"Hispanics are going to be an integral part of agriculture's continued
prosperity and we are committed to help," USDA spokesman Ed Loyd said.

But some El Paso farmers said the discrimination continues.

Among the practices that the suit alleges are refusals to help fill out loan
applications or even to hand out loan applications to Hispanic farmers. Farmers
also allege that the Farm Service Agency paid smaller loans than what Hispanic
farmers requested and took so long to process loans to Hispanics that no money
was left, or the money came after harvest.

Loans are crucial for farmers to cover the past year's debt, to buy equipment
and other necessities and to expand their operations.

Delays in completing applications were particularly hurtful to Alfredo Alvarez,
61, of the 9700 block of Southside Road in El Paso. In 2001, the farmer asked
the agency for an operational loan to plant Pima cotton, a rather profitable
crop, but the loan took so long to process that it was too late to plant Pima.
Alvarez settled for the less-profitable upland cotton, but because he had
changed crops, his loan was rejected, Alvarez testified in a declaration for the
suit signed in 2002.

Alvarez added that more delayed loans forced him to decrease his production and
scale down his farming operation by hundreds of acres.

Alvarez wrote that he believes "the agency discriminated against me in
processing my loan applications on the basis of my national origin," according
to the declaration.

Pete Grijalva Jr., 54, president of the El Paso Hispanic Farmers Association,
farmed until 1988 and testified about his situation to Congress in 2002. He said
the agency failed to help him with disaster loans when hail destroyed his cotton
crop in the 1980s.

"So you try to get another loan at the bank, but you still haven't paid the
first one and you're getting in debt up to your you-know-what," he said
Wednesday.

The farmers' complaints fell on deaf ears in the 1980s when the USDA shut down
its civil rights enforcement program for more than 10 years, Hill said. In the
late 1990s, Congress passed a law extending the statute of limitations for
complaints under the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, making the Garcia lawsuit and
several others possible.

Black farmers filed a discrimination lawsuit against the USDA, Pigford v.
Veneman, in 1999 and reached a settlement in 2003 of almost $650 million for its
nearly 13,000 plaintiffs. Native American farmers have filed a similar class
action lawsuit against the USDA, Keepseagle v. Veneman. That suit is still
pending.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2004 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)
                              All Rights Reserved


                               62 of 90 DOCUMENTS

                          Appeal-Democrat (California)

                          November 12, 2005, Saturday

Farm Service Agency election under way

BYLINE: By Appeal-Democrat

LENGTH: 308 words



Eligible farmers, ranchers and other agricultural producers have until Dec. 5 to
cast ballots for seats on the Sutter/Yuba County Committee of the federal Farm
Service Agency.

FSA County Executive Director Linda Quinn said the election period for the
committee started Monday.

Producers who participate or cooperate in any FSA programs and are 18 years old
can vote. A person supervising and conducting operations on an entire farm, but
not of legal voting age, also can vote.

Quinn said FSA committees provide recommendations on commodity price support
loans and payments, conservation programs and disaster assistance. The
Sutter/Yuba committee consists of five members with additional appointed
advisors to represent minority and women farmers and ranchers.

The local mail-ballot elections are being held in Local Area 1, which covers the
north third of Sutter County. It is also being held in Local Area 4 in Yuba
County, which covers north of the Yuba River.

"The Sutter/Yuba Committee is vital," Quinn said in a statement. "The committee
helps implement federal farm programs, working to assist the county's
agricultural producers."

Ballot are being sent to eligible voters. They must be returned to the local FSA
office by Dec. 5 or carry a postmark of the same date.

A list of specific candidates are included on the ballots..

Further information on the FSA can be obtained by visiting its Web site:
www.fsa.usda.gov/pas/.


-----

To see more of the Appeal-Democrat, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.appeal-democrat.com.

Copyright (c) 2005, Appeal-Democrat, Marysville, Calif.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: MY-FARM-ELECT-20051112

JOURNAL-CODE: MY

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                  Copyright 2005 Appeal-Democrat (California)


                               63 of 90 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 4, 2013 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Bias and a Settlement With Black Farmers

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; LETTERS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 535 words


To the Editor:

''Federal Spigot Flows as Farmers Claim Bias'' (front page, April 26) leaves out
some key information about the settlement with black farmers.

Mainly, it does not offer historical context of the vast scope of discrimination
in rural areas throughout the country by the Agriculture Department. It does not
mention the decades of studies by the Commission on Civil Rights and the
Agriculture Department itself that confirm discrimination against black farmers.
It also does not mention the countless black farmers who worked diligently on
farm plans only to have their loan applications thrown in the trash can right in
front of them by the Agriculture Department's county supervisor.

Also, the fraud alleged in the article was minuscule. The 60 claims investigated
by the F.B.I. amounted to less than three-tenths of 1 percent of the 22,000
claims filed.

One would hope that the Agriculture Department would finally address the
dreadful discrimination within its ranks, and thanks to Secretary Tom Vilsack,
it is doing precisely that. The journey to overcome racial issues is not an easy
one, but to ignore the existence of this injustice is the very definition of
discrimination. Unfortunately, the article criticizes farmers who have been
victimized rather than the Agriculture Department's history of corrupt policies.

RALPH PAIGE East Point, Ga., April 29, 2013

The writer is executive director of the Federation of Southern Cooperatives Land
Assistance Fund.

To the Editor:

''Federal Spigot Flows as Farmers Claim Bias'' underplays the history of racial
dispossession, uses cherry-picked examples, and creates needless antipathy to
the lawsuit and the settlement with black farmers. Focusing on fraud and
invoking familiar, racially freighted stereotypes of undeserving opportunists
serve to throw into question all payouts rather than explaining why they were
ordered in the first place.

The Agriculture Department acknowledges racial and gender discrimination against
farmers. The loss of farms we have witnessed over the past 90 years has
disproportionately affected African-American farmers. Had the Agriculture
Department provided loans and other assistance to everyone equitably, the
landscape of the United States would look quite different.

We do not deny the accuracy of the claim that some fraud has occurred. In any
sign-up program with tens of thousands of participants and billions of dollars
at stake, a few people will try to cheat the system. Those who do should be
punished.

The article is not really about those few proven cases, however. It is instead
an effort to depict the settlement, without providing any real evidence, as a
''runaway train'' of fraud.

The settlements, work on them by organizations like the Federation of Southern
Cooperatives, and Secretary Tom Vilsack's support of them, should be lauded,
particularly since challenges faced by minority and women farmers persist.

RACHEL SLOCUM Minneapolis, April 30, 2013

The writer is a professor of geography at the University of Wisconsin-La Crosse.
The letter was co-written by nine additional academics, from the University of
Minnesota, University of Wisconsin-Madison, University of Michigan and Kansas
State University.

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/05/04/opinion/bias-and-a-settlement-with-black-farme
rs.html

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                               64 of 90 DOCUMENTS

                                Cornish Guardian

                                February 3, 2005

Cornish first as women farmers share ideas

SECTION: News; People; Events; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 284 words


The Eden Project and the Rural Cultural Forum will be headlining the programme
at the WFU's National Conference, to be hosted by the Cornwall branch at
Newquay's Hotel Victoria on March 15.  Rural innovation is the theme to be
addressed by a panel of speakers who have a track record for questioning
conventional thinking.

Headline speakers are Chris Hines , sustainability project officer at the Eden
Project, and Toro Adeniran-Kane of the Rural Cultural Forum, which was set up to
foster urban-rural links such as the initiative in Cumbria whereby farmers
supply urban ethnic minorities with fresh produce grown to meet their
requirements.

Also addressing the conference will be Guy Smith, an agricultural journalist and
'farming ambassador of the year 2004' who launched a free consumers' guide to UK
farming and food production. Other speakers include journalist Carol Trewin on
rural issues and local food and Sally Kendall, who runs a multi-faceted tourism
business on the family farm and was a speaker at the Oxford Farming Conference
in 2004.

Also at the conference will be Ian Lobb, part of the family team which set up an
award-winning farm shop and education facility at their farm near Heligan where
they not only sell their own produce but also offer visitors guided tours and
information explaining how food is produced.

The conference is open to non-members from £30 and members for £20. Tickets
include a buffet lunch of Cornish fare and a cream tea. A full conference
package with accommodation is also available.

For booking forms contact Kath Strang on 01579 320131, e-mail
ks.duchyag@farmersweekly.net or you can download from the WFU website:
www.wfu.org.uk

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

                        Copyright 2005 Cornish Guardian


                               65 of 90 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            March 13, 2004 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Class I schools are a solution, not a problem

BYLINE: GEORGE LAUBY, For the Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: B; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 720 words

DATELINE: Lincoln, NE


Again this year, legislators are proposing to eliminate small school districts
and close the smallest of schools.

Although education faces many problems, small Class I schools are not one of
them. Instead, they are a great asset to our state and should not be dismantled
further.

Closing small schools or reducing their independence does nothing to help the
overall problem of education; which is, despite higher budgets in nearly every
school, in too many cases students are not better educated.

Too often, teachers have less time to teach and students have less attention for
learning. All the while, costs go up; creating heartburn for parents, taxpayers,
teachers and administrators.

Schools deal with the direct effects of society's biggest problems: stressed and
broken homes give schools increased responsibilities, soaring health care costs
lead a parade of spiraling expenses.

It will take much more than closing small schools to fix those problems.

Fixing the problems will require new ideas and innovative, flexible places to
apply them. Class I schools allow people to educate together, to share ideas, to
work out new techniques.

As noted educator Deborah Meier has said, smallness is essential to a school
that instills the principles of democracy.

Meier has successfully educated in the toughest urban neighborhoods in the
nation. While Nebraska's situation is less put upon, education is no less
important.

Whereas in a large school authority and accountability are layered, small
schools offer parents and teachers a place to directly address educational
reality.

Ninety percent of the state's Class I districts spend less money per pupil than
larger schools, and it is common for more people per student to be involved,
many as volunteers.

The forced closing of small schools only transfers the problems of education to
others while eliminating a good system already in place.

If and when small schools become inefficient, members of the district can close
them, and do. People have closed nearly 950 school districts during the last 30
years. There are fewer school districts in Nebraska now than at any time since
the Civil War.

Those that remain often cooperate and work together. In Dawson County, for
instance, 10 Class I schools share an administrator and many educational
projects for more than 250 students.

Instead of talking about fewer schools, Nebraskans would be wiser to be talking
about creating more, because small schools offer more residents the privileged
opportunity to educate. It is a selling point for the state.

Yet, nearly every year the Legislature proposes to close small schools, and then
hundreds of people protest - parents, business men and women, farmers and
ranchers, most of them educated in Nebraska's top-rated school system, write,
make phone calls and travel to Lincoln to object to the Education Committee.

This year, 200 drove to Lincoln on a workday. Another 1,000 turned out in the
middle of the day at field hearings in Mullen, Broken Bow and Wahoo.

They point out that closing Class I schools will save no significant money
because education costs money, regardless of where, and costs continue to rise.

Good government allows people the freedom to address and solve problems. It
should not interfere with a community that operates a good school any more than
it should interfere with individuals who live responsibly.

Maybe lawmakers are too overworked to hear that message.

Maybe they are too busy, too far away from the small schools to see their
merits.

Maybe the only majority vote they can muster is for laws that affect the
minority.

Maybe they have forgotten that small units of government, especially school
districts, afford people the opportunity to govern themselves. Maybe they have
forgotten that it is people who solve problems, not laws.

And maybe they don't realize that people are more capable than ever of
educating, thanks to immediate, electronic access to information and convenient
communication systems.

It is a time for individuals to be more empowered, more encouraged, more
involved in education, not less.

Class I schools, a fundamental part of Nebraska's educational system for more
than a century, are not a problem in education; they are a solution.

George Lauby of Lexington wrote this at the direction of the Dawson County
Cooperative of Rural Schools.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                               66 of 90 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             July 21, 2016 Thursday

Black farmers appeal for discrimination against them by protesting in front of
Supreme Court

LENGTH: 472  words


In the case of landmark Pigford class-action, the farmers from the southern
region and their supporters are now on heels protesting for their due rights in
front of the Supreme Court building in D.C., demanding justice for what they
called an unfair settlement. Discrimination appeal claims are arose by black
farmers on by the Department of Agriculture, the The Last Plantation continues.

The rally was spurred by the plight of North Carolina farmers Eddie and Dorothy
Wise, who were evicted from their foreclosed, 106-acre farm in January by armed
federal marshals and several Nash County deputy sheriffs, without ever being
granted a hearing. The couple had lived on the farm for more than 20 years. The
Wises are challenging what they claim is the USDAs long standing practice of
denying black farmers a formal hearing before the Administrative Law Judge.

In addition, the Wises petitioned the nations highest court on 28 U.S.C 2415
that bars all money claims, other than farm ownership. Their argument is that
all farm operating loans are bared by this statute for Pigford claimants, and
the USDA has been able to circumvent this law in order to take all of the
property belonging to affected farmers. The USDA has also been able to
circumvent the relative statute to offset money owed to Pigford claimants. The
U.S. Supreme Court, upon review, could change these illegal tactics that
currently affect over 80,000 socially disadvantage farmers.

Speakers at the Supreme Court protest included Eddie Slaughter, President of the
American Agriculturalist Association and Pigford Class Farmer, who claims
federal benefits are being taken from his Social Security; Gary R. Grant,
President of the National Black Farmers & Agriculturalists Association; and,
Lawrence Lucas, President Emeritus, USDA Coalition of Minority Employees.

According to Slaughter, Congress has expressed its intent to hold a formal
hearing on the merits in the 2007 Pigford Remedy Act, which was incorporated in
the 2008 Food Energy and Conservation Act or Farm Bill. In addition, the group
notes that USDA is denying all claims and hearings by Black Farmers, Women
Farmers, Hispanic Farmers, and Native American Farmers.

The eviction of the Wises from their farm left the couple landless and
ultimately homeless. A  GoFundMe pagewas made in order to help the Wise family
with their expenses. Since the campaigns creation in January, nearly $6,000 was
raised, with a $50,000 goal.

According to Slaughter, The time has long expired on the unremitting
discrimination and breach of The Pigford Consent Decree. Further it is said that
there is intentional breakthrough of the authorities to deny justice to black
farmers which is a right to have a formal hearing on the merits of their case
before the Administrative Law Judge of The USDA. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               67 of 90 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            December 10, 2010 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Justice for farmers or taxpayer shakedown?

BYLINE: The Tampa Tribune

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 585 words


Justice for farmers or taxpayer shakedown?

President Obama this week signed a bill authorizing the distribution of $1.25
billion to black farmers who were not treated fairly when they applied for farm
loans or federal grants during the 1980s and 1990s. It is a well-meaning
measure, but raises questions the government has not yet addressed.

The farmers complained they were denied financial assistance by the U.S.
Department of Agriculture or were forced to wait longer for loan approval than
white farmers. Some faced foreclosure; others, financial ruin. Those who lost
land deserve to be compensated, but those who planted a garden in their back
yard do not.

The case began in 1997, when farmer Timothy Pigford filed a class-action lawsuit
against the department. He ultimately settled with the government in 1999.
Nearly 16,000 black farmers were paid a little more than $1 billion, mostly in
$50,000 pops, because they claimed to have farmed or wanted to farm but were met
by a resistant department.

But not all of the farmers filed their claims in time. Some 70,000 more,
apparently unaware of the lawsuit or unable to prove they were less favorably
treated than their white neighbors, protested they had not been properly
notified of the settlement. That struck members of Congress as unfair to those
claimants who could, in fact, prove they had been mistreated.

In 2008, then Sen. Barack Obama and Sen. Charles Grassley of Iowa introduced the
legislation that would become Pigford II. Last February, after years of lobbying
and in fulfillment of a campaign promise made by the president, the

Justice and Agriculture departments announced they had reached a settlement.
Last month, Congress authorized the money (plus $3.4 billion more to Native
Americans who claim the Interior Department swindled them out of billions in gas
and oil royalties since the 19th century).

There are problems with the Pigford II settlement, not the least of which is the
appropriation. It adds to our already daunting deficit. But more importantly
questions have been raised about whether all the Pigford claimants are for real.
Is

the looming payout truly justice for farmers or simply a taxpayer shakedown?

When the Republicans assume control of the House next month, they should
investigate.

The most outspoken congressional critic of Pigford II is Iowa Republican Rep.
Steve King. He believes many of the claims are fraudulent and has called the
settlement "slavery reparations."

We wouldn't go that far. Agriculture has admitted past discrimination, and we're
sure some minority farmers deserve redress. But some 96,000 people have signed
up for payments even though census data tells us there are only 33,000 or so
black farmers. Such a discrepancy indicates something isn't right.

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsak says King's claims are without merit, that with
the first Pigford settlement there were only three instances of fraud. Well,
three instances of fraud worth $50,000 a claim is $150,000. What if 10,000
people were taking advantage of this congressional largesse? The legislation may
be appropriate, but additional scrutiny is justified.

One thing is beyond debate. The Department of Agriculture discriminated against
blacks. Hispanic and women farmers are now lining up for a Pigford-style payout
of their own. The department should be held to account for the circumstances
that necessitated these settlements.

Copyright © 2010, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Our Views

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2010 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                               68 of 90 DOCUMENTS


                       The Sun Herald (Sydney, Australia)

                            December 6, 1987 Sunday
                                  Late Edition

NOW IT'S THE WOMAN ON THE LAND...;
AND SHE'S EARNING THE MEN'S RESPECT

BYLINE: STORY: JANE SOTHWARD

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 1144 words


WOMEN are taking off their aprons and tackling physical, on-farm work as the
sexual revolution rolls on into rural NSW.

And, the Department of Agriculture is supporting the move by targeting women in
a major attempt to boost the number of skilled farm workers in NSW.

Most agricultural colleges are trying to boost their female populations, which
now range from 20 to 30 per cent in most colleges.

Yanco Agricultural Institute's principal, Geoff Creek, believes the move by
women into on-farm work has been sparked in part by the rural crisis.

"Farmers are very conservative politically and socially, but they are also
realists," explains Mr Creek.

"As a farm family some have decided they can't afford to put someone on so they
all pitch in and do it together - men and women."

Mr Creek believes the role of the farmer's wife is evolving because women are
realising they can do as good a job as men.

"Women are now not prepared to accept the belief that it's a man's job," he
says.

The Sun-Herald visited the NSW Riverina last week and found female agriculture
students battling what some label as male chauvinism and what others dismiss as
rural conservatism.

"A lot of old cockies have their traditional ways and traditional views,"says
Heather Stewart, a 17-year-old agriculture student at Yanco Agricultural
Institute, near Leeton.

"They still believe a female stays in the house and the male does the outside
farm work."

But Heather and about a dozen other Yanco students are determined to reverse the
traditional view that has kept farming women mainly in the home.

The teenage girls haven't set their sights on being farmers' wives - they want
to run the show as farmers.

Among the stumbling blocks confronting the girls are advertisements for farm
hands which ask for jackaroos and/jillaroos but effectively bar women by
offering men-only accommodation.

"I've been brought up on a farm all my life," says Heather, as if justifying her
desire to work as a jillaroo on a sheep stud. "I didn't want to do a secretarial
course - I hate indoors."

Heather expects she'll have to prove herself among her workmates, most of whom
will be men.

"If I was blonde and batted my blue eyes and asked a station hand to help me
he'd probably do it," she said. "But it wouldn't earn me any respect. I need to
show I can do it myself. And I can!"

Heather is the first to admit she lacks the physical strength of her male
counterparts. But machinery is making lifting heavy bags of feed and fertilisers
a breeze.

Jane Bunting, 17, from Molong, dreams of running a cattle stud, not in
partnership with a man but independently.

"Because we (women farmers) are a minority there's still a bit of resistance,"
she says.

"Deep down they (men) just don't like the thought that we are equal to them. But
there's nothing much on a property, except for a bit of lifting, that women need
help with."

Some male students at Yanco acknowledge the bias against the female would-be
farmers. They say women need to prove they can do as well as men if they want to
compete for jobs.

"In the past the woman's role has been in the home and not out doing the hard
work," says Griffith-born student John Smith.

"They've got to earn the respect and show that they can do the work as well as
we can. But they should be given a go on the land especially if they've come
through a practical training course."

Tom Brennan, 18, of Boggabri, believes women need extra initiative to succeed in
what he sees as a male domain.

"Traditionally women have been farmers' wives, but if they've got the guts and
determination they can do just as good a job as men except for some physical
work," he says.

"The last thing they should do is whinge when things get tough."

'DESPITE LACKING STRENGTH WE CAN BE THEIR EQUALS'

LEETON cattle breeder Irene Clark is oddly bashful about her age.

"Tell them I'm in my 40s," she quips with a hearty laugh.

But ask Mrs Clark (left) about women and the land, and she'll swear they can do
as good a job as men. And she's proof of it having run the family farm for more
than 20 years.

In a reversal of traditional rural roles, Irene Clark manages the family's 20
hectare cattle and sheep farm near Leeton, in the NSW Riverina. Her husband,
Cliff, works in town at the Letona cannery.

"I am definitely the farmer of the family," she says proudly.

"I'm hopeless at doing housework. I'd much rather be messing around outside with
the cattle.

"Sometimes I think other people think I'm just a ruffian because I'm a farmer. A
girl working in town has a lot more respect than a person like me working on the
farm. I know some men must think 'Those women! They should be in the kitchen'."

Irene Clark believes women need to be tough to make it on the land. As well as
the usual setbacks such as floods, droughts and disease, they have to cope with
an element of male chauvinism she believes pressures them into proving
themselves in the rural community.

"I don't feel the other farmers see me as their equal," she says. "They talk to
me, but I always get that feeling that they think they're a little bit better
than me.

"But women, once they have experience, can do equally well as men even though
they can lack a bit of physical strength."

Mrs Clark's passion for the land goes back to her childhood days on her family's
dairy and fruit farms in NSW and Victoria.

"Farming has always been my whole life," she says. "Sometimes it gets really
tough - like recently when I had to rescue all the cattle from the swamps - and
I feel like dropping my bundle.

"It's not easy on the land, but when you've been doing it all your life you just
accept it.

"Often I go inside and cry and cry. But if I'm feeling a bit down, I saddle up
and go for a ride for a couple of hours and I feel much better."

As well as managing the family farm Mrs Clark juggles the domestic chores, which
she says take a secondary place to the animals.

"The household gets neglected," she admits. "But who cares!"

Her favourite task is mustering the 150 cattle on horse. She loves the sense of
freedom, knowing it is her land and her responsibility to care for it.

The pleasure she gains from the land makes the resistance she senses from some
members of the rural community seem miniscule. She sees herself as an"average,
ordinary farmer", who just happens to be a woman.

Her daughter, Coral, 24, works as a clerk in Leeton and, with her father, helps
at the farm at weekends. Coral loves the land and, being the couple's only
child, will one day take over as manager.

This thought pleases her mother, who believes farming is a wonderful way of life
for men and women.

Irene Clark's only wish is that the rural community will become more accepting
of women as farm managers by the time her daughter takes over.

"I just hope it will be easier for Coral," she says.

"Any woman can do it - but they need to have a strong willpower and to learn to
accept all the setbacks."

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Two illus: QUALIFIED: Says first year student Donna Jones: "We'll
gradually become equals on the farms. If you're qualified there's no reason why
we can't compete for the same jobs." PROVE YOURSELF: First year student Sue
Watson aims to move to Queensland and work on a large cattle station: "You've
got to prove that you can do what they can do." PICTURES: QUENTIN JONES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1987 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                               69 of 90 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                          September 13, 2012 Thursday

China takes science literacy to countryside, reaps benefits

BYLINE: Pritha Chatterjee

LENGTH: 533  words

DATELINE: Nancy


A targetted action plan for developing scientific literacy among different
demographic and social groups in China has borne fruit in the past six years.
Presenting the data at the International Conference for Science Communication in
Nancy city of France last week, representatives from the China Research
Institute for Popularisation of Science(CRISP), a national body that has been
implementing the programme since 2006 across the hinterlands, said over 8,000
organised institutes for farmers' education are expected to be completed by the
end of this year.

Explaining the conception, Ren Fujun, director of CRISP, said, "We had a large
population of farmers with low education levels and economic development in the
countryside was low, resulting in a corresponding low per capita income. We
realised that for economic restructuring, and to make development more
equitable, we need to inculcate a scientific temper among our large farming
population, and improve their modes of food production and living standards.

"Termed 'Program for benefiting farmers and rejuvenating countryside through
Science and Technology Communication', it is implemented under the China
Association for Science and Technology (CAST). Surveys carried out to understand
scientific literacy levels in the countryside periodically have shown that after
the introduction of this dedicated programme, farmers' literacy levels improved
from 0.72 per cent in 2005 to 1.51 per cent in 2010 and is expected to double by
the end of 2012.

The overall science literacy among the entire Chinese population jumped from
1.60 per cent in 2005 to 3.27 per cent in 2010.

Besides teaching farmers how to introduce science into their daily lives, the
programme also aims at increasing the overall employability in the countryside.
"The idea was to help the surplus labour in the rural areas also gain
employability in the non agricultural spheres in urban areas. We have given
special attention to minority and women farmers," Fujun said.

To incentivise the programme, several national and regional subsidies and awards
have been constituted for farmers who use scientific practices. In a further bid
to make learning accessible and showcase the implications of science in everyday
life, the government at the national, provincial and municipality levels has set
up dedicated science and technology museums, natural science centres and
industrialised science centres - as centres of "fun learning" and display of the
marvels of science.

Gauhar Raza, Chief Scientist and Head of Science Communication through
Multimedia at the National Institute of Science Communication and Information
Resources in India, who was representing the country in Nancy told The Indian
Express, "The China story is an exemplary example of the merits of a national
government program with time bound targeted goals in promoting the scientific
temper into practical lives of citizens. While Indian experts have been visiting
China and vice versa, it is evident that the attention of our government in this
area, has been dwindling over the years, and it is no wonder that China has
surged ahead of us."

The reporter was a guest of University of Lorraine at Nancy, France

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2012 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                               70 of 90 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Gazette (Sterling, Illinois)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             July 9, 2016 Saturday

BRIEF: FSA nomination deadline nears

BYLINE: Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 226 words


July 09--MOUNT CARROLL -- The nomination period for the Carroll FSA County
Committee began June 15.

Forms must be postmarked or received in the Carroll County FSA office, 807A S.
Clay St., by the close of business Aug. 1.

To be eligible, a person must participate or cooperate in an agency-administered
program, be eligible to vote in a county committee election, and live in the
Local Administrative Area where they are nominated. All producers are encouraged
to take part.

Nominations and elections will be in LAA 1, which includes Fairhaven, Salem, and
York townships.

Producers may nominate themselves or others, and organizations representing
minority and women farmers and ranchers also may nominated.

Eligible nominees must sign form FSA-669A. Go to fas.usda.gov/elections for the
form and information. Elected county committee members serve 3-year terms and
make decisions on FSA disaster, conservation, commodity, and price support
programs, as well as other federal farm program issues.

Election ballots will be mailed beginning Nov. 7. They are due by Dec. 5 at the
Carroll County office. All newly-elected members take office Jan. 1. For more
information, call the FSA office at 815-244-8732, ext. 100.

___ (c)2016 the Daily Gazette (Sterling, Ill.) Visit the Daily Gazette
(Sterling, Ill.) at www.saukvalley.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160709-YG-BRF-FSA-nomination-deadline-nears-0709-20160709

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YG


                          Copyright 2016 Daily Gazette


                               71 of 90 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                          February 11, 2004 Wednesday

Loan bias case forms

BYLINE: Chris Anderson

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 446 words


BLOOMINGTON -- Kristine Dunne wants to hear from farm women who believe they
were refused, based on gender, farm loan applications or the loans themselves.

Dunne, a Washington, D.C., attorney, represents 10 women who claim they were
denied farm operating, farm ownership or emergency farm loans between 1981 and
1996, or between Oct. 19, 1998, to the present. None of the claimants are from
Illinois.

However, 950 other women from nearly every state, including Illinois, have
submitted statements in the case of Love vs. U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann
Veneman. Most of the Illinois women live in the suburban Chicago area.

One plaintiff, Joyce King of Arkansas, attempted to get a loan application from
a county Farm Service Agency office in 1983. She said she was told it was too
early in the year to apply. After repeated visits and receiving the same reply,
she was told it was too late to apply.

King complained to the county supervisor. King said he refused to help. She said
he also told her women were not cut out for farming because they were a risk and
could not make a profit.

"We are still certifying classes, so we've not certified the case as a class
action," said Dunne, with Arent Fox Kintner Plotkin & Kahn PLLC. "The U.S.
Department of Agriculture has not filed its opposition to the case yet. We are
seeking relief, but have not specified a dollar amount. We want the behavior to
stop."

The USDA did not respond to repeated calls concerning the case.

Dunne said USDA has a long-standing pattern of discrimination against minority
farmers. Nearly 12,000 black farmers sued USDA in 1998 for loan discrimination.
They received payments ranging from $50,000 to $200,000 each and forgiveness of
outstanding farm loans.

Dunne noted that 236,269 women serve as principal farm operators, according to
the 2002 Census of Agriculture. However, women remain underrepresented in USDA's
farm loan programs, she added.

Women who believe they have been discriminated against when seeking USDA farm
loans may call (877) 208-4342. Other information is available at
www.womenfarmers.com.

The case was filed in October 2001. Dunne filed a third amended complaint last
year and filed a class certification motion last month for two of three proposed
subclasses.

Those two subclasses contain women for which no or little USDA records exist.
They were not provided loan applications, or were denied initial farm loans. To
find the women, Dunne has contacted news

media throughout the country.

The third subclass contains women farmers who received an initial loan but were
denied servicing, had difficulty obtaining subsequent loan servicing, or
received inadequate loan servicing.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2004 The Pantagraph


                               72 of 90 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            November 26, 2010 Friday
                                 CITY-C Edition

Inquirer Editorial: Sowing justice

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Inq Opinion & Editorial; Pg. A20

LENGTH: 255 words


Justice delayed is finally coming to two groups of minority farmers who were
discriminated against for decades by the federal government.

The Senate has approved a $4.6 billion payment to settle claims by African
American and Native American farmers who alleged that racial bias and
mismanagement by government agencies cost members of both groups their land.

The action is a welcome sign of bipartisan cooperation. Senate Republicans had
repeatedly blocked legislation that included funding to settle the lawsuits.

The House will likely consider the legislation when it returns next week. It
should approve the overdue settlement, which will resolve two class-action
lawsuits.

The government's debt, rooted in prejudice, can never be fully repaid.
Meanwhile, Latino and women farmers who have made similar discrimination claims
are still waiting for justice.

Under the settlement, Native American landowners who said the Interior
Department swindled them out of royalties for years will get $3.4 billion. Black
farmers, who suffered discrimination in loan programs and subsidies provided by
the Agriculture Department, will get $1.2 billion.

Sadly, some of the farmers wronged by the government are now elderly or died
while waiting for their compensation.

The government's discriminatory practices contributed to the decline of farms
operated by blacks and Native Americans. The government can never make up for
all that was taken from them - their land, livelihood, and heritage. But the
settlements are an important step toward closure.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                               73 of 90 DOCUMENTS


                                MintAsia (India)

                            February 14, 2014 Friday

UPA govt turns on the populist tap

LENGTH: 898  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Feb. 14 -- The Congress-led United Progressive Alliance (UPA) has
unveiled a rash of populist measures in recent weeks and months, presumably with
an eye on the coming general election.

With the UPA facing the effects of a strong anti-incumbency sentiment-it has
been in power since 2004-and opinion polls predicting the worst, the Congress
party is understandably desperate to revive the feel-good factor among the
electorate.

Unlike in the run-up to the 2009 polls, where the UPA was helped by the
largestever farm loan waiver in Indian history (of around '70,000 crore), this
time, it is targeting specific demographic segments, rural and urban women,
farmers, minorities, even white-collared workers.

Sample this: an increase in the number of subsidized cooking gas cylinders per
household to 12 from nine per year; including the Jain community in the minority
communities' list; special education schemes for Muslims worth '1,600 crore; the
implementation of a 2013 budget promise to provide loans to rural women's
self-help groups at rates on a par with loans to farmers (7% per year); and
plans to bring minimum wages paid under the government's flagship rural
employment programme on par with the minimum wages fixed by the states for
agricultural labour.

On Tuesday, the government gave its goahead to the constitution of the Seventh
Pay Commission, which is expected to significantly increase the pay packages of
central government employees. And going by precedents, it would also result in
another round of salary increases even for state government employees.

Kunal Kumar Kundu, vice-president and India economist at Societe Generale said
political compulsions ahead of the general election are forcing the government
to take the populist measures at the price of economic reasoning.

"By forcing public sector companies like Coal India to give higher dividends and
postponing oil subsidy payments for next fiscal, the government is pulling
income from next year while pushing the expenditures to next fiscal which could
put the next government in a difficult situation," he added.

Political analysts too are not convinced that the UPA, which has seen its image
battered by a raft of corruption scandals and its governance record dented by
its inability to contain inflation, will derive the desired political gains from
these populist initiatives.

The motives (behind the announcements) are "too obvious" said N. Bhaskar Rao,
chairman of the Delhi-based Centre for Media Studies. "Good initiatives lose
their goodness when they are seen to be linked to the elections. The measures
seem reactive, being announced in reaction to the upcoming elections, which make
people wary and make the measures lose the punch they otherwise would have had."
According to Rao, most of the initiatives announced would need time to trickle
down to the people they are intended for.

Unveiling sops so close to the polls, expected in April-May, "is unlikely to
benefit the government", he added.

The Congress-led UPA first came to power in 2004 on a pro-poor platform. In the
five years to 2009, when it completed its first term in office, it notched up an
impressive list of pro-people legislations-including the laws that enabled the
right to information and guaranteed employment.

In 2008, it announced a farm loan waiver scheme that cost the national exchequer
an estimated '70,000 crore.

Some of these helped it return to power in 2009.

"During the UPA's first term in office, the government passed some landmark
legislations like the RTI Act, the rural jobs scheme. These were passed within
the first two or three years of the UPA coming to power. So the coalition
government was able to reap the benefits of it when it went to the polls later.
The government was able to take ownership of these measures," said Himanshu, an
assistant professor at Jawaharlal Nehru University (he uses only one name).

By contrast, "in the UPA's second term, the government is seen as confused about
what it wants to implement," he added.

In its second term, the UPA has battled allegations of corruption surrounding
the organization of the 2010 Commonwealth Games, the allocation of the second
generation (2G) spectrum, and the allotment of coal blocks. According to
Himanshu, these resulted in policy paralysis, and made the UPA's second term
seem less pro-poor and more crony-capitalist.

Results to elections in five states in December which saw the main opposition
Bharatiya Janata Party win power in three and the untried and untested Aam Aadmi
Party ousting the Congress party from power in the fourth, gave a severe jolt to
the UPA.

"In the last few months, the Union government has been overactive to announce
these measures because of the upcoming Lok Sabha elections. There is no doubt
about it," said Nirmala Sitharaman, BJP spokesperson.

"I do not think what the opposition is saying is correct. The UPA is looking to
do more and more good for the people," said Shobha Oza, a Congress spokesperson.

That desire to do good may come to nought in the hustings, according to
Himanshu.

"Populism by itself doesn't get you votes.

What is needed is clarity on broader economic policies, a broader economic
vision," he said.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from MintAsia. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                            Copyright 2014 HT Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                               74 of 90 DOCUMENTS


                                MintAsia (India)

                            February 14, 2014 Friday

UPA govt turns on the populist tap

LENGTH: 898  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Feb. 14 -- The Congress-led United Progressive Alliance (UPA) has
unveiled a rash of populist measures in recent weeks and months, presumably with
an eye on the coming general election.

With the UPA facing the effects of a strong anti-incumbency sentiment-it has
been in power since 2004-and opinion polls predicting the worst, the Congress
party is understandably desperate to revive the feel-good factor among the
electorate.

Unlike in the run-up to the 2009 polls, where the UPA was helped by the
largestever farm loan waiver in Indian history (of around '70,000 crore), this
time, it is targeting specific demographic segments, rural and urban women,
farmers, minorities, even white-collared workers.

Sample this: an increase in the number of subsidized cooking gas cylinders per
household to 12 from nine per year; including the Jain community in the minority
communities' list; special education schemes for Muslims worth '1,600 crore; the
implementation of a 2013 budget promise to provide loans to rural women's
self-help groups at rates on a par with loans to farmers (7% per year); and
plans to bring minimum wages paid under the government's flagship rural
employment programme on par with the minimum wages fixed by the states for
agricultural labour.

On Tuesday, the government gave its goahead to the constitution of the Seventh
Pay Commission, which is expected to significantly increase the pay packages of
central government employees. And going by precedents, it would also result in
another round of salary increases even for state government employees.

Kunal Kumar Kundu, vice-president and India economist at Societe Generale said
political compulsions ahead of the general election are forcing the government
to take the populist measures at the price of economic reasoning.

"By forcing public sector companies like Coal India to give higher dividends and
postponing oil subsidy payments for next fiscal, the government is pulling
income from next year while pushing the expenditures to next fiscal which could
put the next government in a difficult situation," he added.

Political analysts too are not convinced that the UPA, which has seen its image
battered by a raft of corruption scandals and its governance record dented by
its inability to contain inflation, will derive the desired political gains from
these populist initiatives.

The motives (behind the announcements) are "too obvious" said N. Bhaskar Rao,
chairman of the Delhi-based Centre for Media Studies. "Good initiatives lose
their goodness when they are seen to be linked to the elections. The measures
seem reactive, being announced in reaction to the upcoming elections, which make
people wary and make the measures lose the punch they otherwise would have had."
According to Rao, most of the initiatives announced would need time to trickle
down to the people they are intended for.

Unveiling sops so close to the polls, expected in April-May, "is unlikely to
benefit the government", he added.

The Congress-led UPA first came to power in 2004 on a pro-poor platform. In the
five years to 2009, when it completed its first term in office, it notched up an
impressive list of pro-people legislations-including the laws that enabled the
right to information and guaranteed employment.

In 2008, it announced a farm loan waiver scheme that cost the national exchequer
an estimated '70,000 crore.

Some of these helped it return to power in 2009.

"During the UPA's first term in office, the government passed some landmark
legislations like the RTI Act, the rural jobs scheme. These were passed within
the first two or three years of the UPA coming to power. So the coalition
government was able to reap the benefits of it when it went to the polls later.
The government was able to take ownership of these measures," said Himanshu, an
assistant professor at Jawaharlal Nehru University (he uses only one name).

By contrast, "in the UPA's second term, the government is seen as confused about
what it wants to implement," he added.

In its second term, the UPA has battled allegations of corruption surrounding
the organization of the 2010 Commonwealth Games, the allocation of the second
generation (2G) spectrum, and the allotment of coal blocks. According to
Himanshu, these resulted in policy paralysis, and made the UPA's second term
seem less pro-poor and more crony-capitalist.

Results to elections in five states in December which saw the main opposition
Bharatiya Janata Party win power in three and the untried and untested Aam Aadmi
Party ousting the Congress party from power in the fourth, gave a severe jolt to
the UPA.

"In the last few months, the Union government has been overactive to announce
these measures because of the upcoming Lok Sabha elections. There is no doubt
about it," said Nirmala Sitharaman, BJP spokesperson.

"I do not think what the opposition is saying is correct. The UPA is looking to
do more and more good for the people," said Shobha Oza, a Congress spokesperson.

That desire to do good may come to nought in the hustings, according to
Himanshu.

"Populism by itself doesn't get you votes.

What is needed is clarity on broader economic policies, a broader economic
vision," he said.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from MintAsia. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                            Copyright 2014 HT Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                               75 of 90 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright (c) 2009 University of Michigan Law School
                     Michigan Journal of International Law

                                  Spring, 2009

                     Michigan Journal of International Law

                            30 Mich. J. Int'l L. 707

LENGTH: 27134 words

SYMPOSIUM: TERRITORY WITHOUT BOUNDARIES: URBAN TERRITORY IN A GLOBAL WORLD:
MIGRATION, DEVELOPMENT, AND THE PROMISE OF CEDAW FOR RURAL WOMEN+

+ © 2009 by Lisa R. Pruitt. All rights reserved.

NAME: Lisa R. Pruitt*

BIO: * Professor of Law, University of California, Davis, School of Law (King
Hall); lrpruitt@ucdavis.edu. Thanks to the excellent team of researchers who
assisted with this Essay: Su Yon Yi, Marta R. Vanegas, Emiko Kurotsu, Monica J.
Baumann, Amy Paden, and Lauren Sible. Cindy L. Dole and Rachel Ray brought their
editing expertise to the project, and Xong Vang managed the manuscript superbly.
As always, the staff of the Mabie Law Library at UC Davis made themselves
indispensable, and particular credit and thanks are due to Erin Murphy. Rebecca
J. Cook, Claire Dickerson, and Anthony Schutz generously commented on an early
draft. The MJIL staff and editors were outstanding. Any remaining errors are
mine.

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... Developed countries' foreign investment in agriculture, similar to
investment in export manufacturing, ultimately uproots rural populations of
developing countries.  ... Scarce income-generation opportunities in rural areas
lead many families to rely on migration of one or more members and the
remittances they send.  ... States Parties shall take all appropriate measures
to eliminate discrimination against women in rural areas in order to ensure, on
a basis of equality of men and women, that they participate in and benefit from
rural development and, in particular, shall ensure to such women the right: (a)
To participate in the elaboration and implementation of development planning at
all levels; (b) To have access to adequate health care facilities, including
information, counseling and services in family planning; (c) To benefit directly
from social security programmes; (d) To obtain all types of training and
education, formal and non-formal, including that relating to functional
literacy, as well as, inter alia, the benefit of all community and extension
services, in order to increase their technical proficiency; (e) To organize
self-help groups and co-operatives in order to obtain equal access to economic
opportunities through employment or self-employment; (f) To participate in all
community activities; (g) To have access to agricultural credit and loans,
marketing facilities, appropriate technology and equal treatment in land and
agrarian reform as well as in land resettlement schemes; (h) To enjoy adequate
living conditions, particularly in relation to housing, sanitation, electricity
and water supply, transport and communications.  ... State Responses to CEDAW's
Article 14: The Tales of Four Countries To get a sense of how Member States have
responded to Article 14, this Section considers the most recent reports filed by
four countries pursuant to their Article 18 obligation.  ... Such designated
funds are used to establish education centers and boarding schools, student
dormitories or hostels, health-care centers, female-only wash-houses and
latrines, literacy centers, and other poverty alleviation programs aimed at
assisting rural women.  ... Other examples are the right to "participate in the
elaboration and implementation of development planning," the right to "obtain
equal access to economic opportunities" by organizing in SHGs, and the right "to
have access to agricultural credit and loans, marketing facilities, appropriate
technology, and equal treatment in land and agrarian reform." ... This means
that even where domestic laws confer land rights upon women, a State may lack,
or be "unwilling to commit, sic resources to advocating, promoting, enforcing,
and protecting" those rights.  ... Further, I have elsewhere theorized the
intersection of gender and rurality, noting that both women and rural places are
associated with the private sphere, where legal actors and institutions - and
therefore law itself - are relatively absent.  ... With respect to the goals of
curbing rural birth rates and thus fostering ecological sustainability, the
renegotiation of cultural norms that is facilitated by migration and population
churn may again play a supporting role to CEDAW and the programmatic and
development efforts that respond to its mandates.

TEXT:
 [*708]

   October 15, 2008 marked the first International Day of Rural Women. n1 The
United Nations proclaimed:


   The International Day of Rural Women directs attention to both the
contribution that women make in rural areas, and the many challenges that they
face. Women play a critical role in the rural economies of both developed and
developing countries. In most parts of the developing world they participate in
crop production and livestock care, provide food, water and fuel for their
families, and engage in off farm activities to diversify the family income. In
addition, they carry out vital functions in caring for children, older persons
and the sick. Women make an important contribution to food production. n2

 The United Nations selected October 15 because it is the eve of World Food Day,
thus linking this recognition of rural women to their critical role in food
production and food security. n3

   * * *

    [*709]  Perhaps it is contrarian to talk about rural people and places n4
when invited to participate in a panel titled "Urban Territory in a Global
World," which is part of a Symposium about "Territory Without Boundaries." But
surely a panel with a title using the word "urban" invites - at least implicitly
- a discussion of the rural "other." n5 Indeed, a necessary complement to
thinking about and studying global cities is thinking about and studying the
global countryside. I use the term "global countryside" deliberately, to refute
rurality's long-standing association with the local, because our global economy
is bringing country dwellers to the city and sometimes, more recently, sending
them back.

   To understand contemporary world migration patterns is to consider both rural
and urban. n6 Demographers tell us that we have probably just (in December,
2008) passed the day on which the world became more urban than rural. n7
Migration accounts for most of that shifting balance.  [*710]  An understanding
of rural-to-urban migration dynamics illuminates the way in which migration
alters the circumstances of those left behind. It also invites consideration of
the role law might more constructively play for those who are essentially the
rural remnant - many of them women - in the developing world. n8

   With the goal of assessing the potential of human rights and development to
improve the livelihoods of rural women in the developing world, this paper
proceeds in five parts. Part I provides an overview of the rural-to-urban
migration phenomenon, a trend I call the urban juggernaut. This Part includes a
discussion of forces compelling the migration, and it also considers
consequences for those who are left behind when their family members and
neighbors migrate to cities. Part II explores women's roles in food production
in the developing world, and it considers the extent to which international
development efforts encourage or entail urbanization. Part III attends to the
potential of human rights for this population, analyzing the Convention on the
Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women (CEDAW), which, in
Article 14, enumerates particular rights for rural women. This Part further
considers how four countries - China, Ghana, India, and the Republic of South
Africa - have responded to their Article 14 commitments. Part IV concludes with
thoughts on how law and legal institutions - including those related to
development efforts - might best serve rural women. It begins also to consider
how the role of law might differ in rural contexts. Part V, as postscript,
contemplates the consequences of letting migration's urban juggernaut run its
course. This Part queries whether the current trajectory of greater world
urbanization will ultimately prove unsustainable by, for example, undermining
global food security and environmental well-being.

   I. Rural-to-Urban Migration in the Developing World

 Worldwide, almost 800 million people have moved from rural areas to urban ones
in the last half century. n9 The vast majority of migrants relocate  [*711]
internally to urban centers, while fewer relocate internationally. n10 Still,
the total number of international migrants reached almost 191 million in 2005.
n11 Over the last several decades, these significant population shifts have
occurred primarily in less developed regions, where more than 90% of the world's
rural residents live. n12 In 2007, 56.2% of those living in less developed
regions lived in rural areas. n13 That figure  [*712]  is expected to fall to
44% by 2025 n14 as urban populations continue to rise. n15

   Rural-to-urban migration is both a cause n16 and a consequence of
urbanization. n17 Many factors influence migration from the country to the city.
These include globalization, n18 rural poverty, n19 and un-or underemployment in
rural areas. n20 Jeffrey Sachs asserts that rural-to-urban  [*713]  migration
occurs "out of desperation and hunger in the countryside." n21 Low-skilled
workers move in search of manual labor positions that are not available in rural
areas. n22 Educated workers may migrate because their human capital is better
rewarded in cities. n23 Absent investment in rural livelihoods, this trend of
outmigration from rural areas will likely continue to gain force. n24

   In spite of this migration of millions of rural residents to urban areas, n25
the rural population of less developed countries has doubled since 1950. n26
Meanwhile, rural populations in developed countries have steadily declined. n27
High population growth in rural areas can increase pressure on land and other
resources, creating a labor surplus that drives migration. n28

   A. The Force of Globalization

 Globalization of markets and labor profoundly influences rural livelihoods. n29
While globalization has generally been a positive force in terms of increasing
employment, it has undermined traditional  [*714]  livelihoods in agriculture
and increased rural-to-urban migration. n30 Experts express concern that the
benefits of globalization are not reaching, among others, the rural poor. n31
When the rural poor do see benefits, they are often in the form of remittances
sent home by migrant relatives, a practice that typically does not lay the
groundwork for sustainable development. n32

   The commercialization of agriculture is among the effects of globalization
that has had a significant impact on rural people. More farmers - both large and
small - produce for the market, often for export. n33 Global price fluctuations
thus affect rural economies. n34 As commercial agriculture displaces subsistence
farming, rural unemployment rises, leading rural wage labor to migrate to
cities. n35 Developed countries' foreign investment in agriculture, similar to
investment in export manufacturing, ultimately uproots rural populations of
developing countries. n36

   Agriculture is a sector in which globalization has had a pronounced impact on
rural women. n37 Women producers, among others, struggle to  [*715]  compete in
the face of trade liberalization that allows the import of subsidized
agricultural products. n38 At the same time, local biases against women
producers and the micro-enterprise sector may make it difficult for them to
enter into new economic opportunities generated by globalization. n39

   The high levels of debt acquired by many less developed countries impact
rural livelihoods in other ways, too. Such debt severely hinders these
countries' ability to serve their citizenry, including their typically large
rural populations. Further, rising debt severely limits state spending on
education, health care, and other services. Women and children, often the
beneficiaries of such spending, thus frequently bear the brunt of debt's
consequences. n40 Finally, the limited resources available increasingly target
urban areas, n41 further disadvantaging rural women and children.

   B. The Impact of Desertification

 International economic and market pressures can lead to short-term exploitation
of land in order to produce crops for export. n42 Such exploitation can reduce
the land's productive capacity, sometimes irreversibly. n43 The world loses an
estimated twelve million hectares  [*716]  annually to desertification, n44
which can occur naturally or as a result of human exploitation. n45 Land
degradation also can reduce the quantity and quality of water available for
personal and agricultural use. n46

   Desertification leads to prolonged periods of drought, famine, food
insecurity, and poverty. n47 Those who have depended on the land for their
livelihoods often must migrate in order to survive. n48 As conditions worsen at
home, migrants - usually men - will leave for longer periods, sometimes
relocating permanently, thus resulting in a "feminization of agriculture." n49
The increasing scarcity of resources caused by desertification significantly
contributes to internal displacement of people n50 and can be a catalyst for
conflict. n51

   Not only does desertification drive male migration and thus result in rural
female-headed households, it creates hardships for all rural households. n52
Rural women are usually responsible for activities such as collecting water and
firewood for the family. n53 As resources decline, women devote more time to
these tasks, leaving them less time to cultivate  [*717]  food for subsistence
or as a source of income. n54 Compounding the problem, women left behind must
also assume tasks that were previously the responsibility of men. n55

   C. Migration's Consequences for Food Production

 Some of the tasks women must assume when male migration leaves them behind
relate to food production. Female-headed households struggle with food
insecurity in part because they are limited in their ability to produce food
because of gender-based constraints on accessing land and credit. n56 But male
migration can have both positive and negative consequences for agricultural
productivity. On the one hand, migration may result in reduced production and
therefore lower income. Productivity may also be diminished because of resulting
labor shortages for traditionally male activities such as clearing land and
plowing. n57 Further, permanent migration can deprive rural areas of a critical
labor force during peak seasons and drain rural areas of skilled and innovative
community members. n58

   On the other hand, migration can foster both short-term and long-term
benefits. Seasonal internal migration allows rural households to increase income
with off-season work without creating a labor shortage. n59 In more densely
populated areas, migration can alleviate the problem of un-and underemployment,
leading to a rise in wages as the labor supply diminishes. n60 Migration may
also have a positive impact on local production when migrants return with newly
acquired skills, knowledge, and experience, thus increasing rural human capital.
n61 Indeed, migrants may return with other types of knowledge, too - knowledge
that  [*718]  has the potential to transform rural social norms, including
women's roles. n62

   Finally, migration may also permit the accumulation of capital for investment
in agricultural production. n63 As discussed further in the next section, if
recipients invest remittances wisely in the rural community, they can reap
substantial long-term benefits. n64 Among the possible benefits is empowerment
of the rural women who receive and control the funds. n65

   D. Remittances: Crutch or Opportunity?

 Need at the household level drives migration, but migration may also reflect a
government survival strategy. High levels of government debt coupled with high
unemployment rates exert pressure on both governments and individuals to find
financial survival strategies. n66 One government strategy is to export labor
and rely on migrants' remittances. n67 For many countries, emigrant remittances
exceed the combined flow of all foreign direct investment and net official
development assistance. n68 Scarce income-generation opportunities in rural
areas lead many families to rely on migration of one or more members and the
remittances they send. n69 An estimated 500 million people - eight percent of
[*719]  the world's population - receive remittances. n70 In Bangladesh, for
example, remittances account for fifty-one percent of households' total income.
n71 In the state of Guanajuato, Mexico, remittances are the main source of
income for forty-five percent of households. n72 In Burkina Faso, fifteen
percent of households - most of them rural and headed by women - receive
international or domestic remittances. n73

   Development scholars disagree on whether remittances have a positive
long-term impact on development and poverty reduction. Unlike government
investment or aid, remittances flow directly to individuals and households,
giving individuals control of how funds are spent. Most recipients spend
remittances on immediate needs, such as food, health care, and clothing.
Families also make investments in human capital, including education for their
children. n74 While relatively few women invest in income-and job-generating
ventures, n75 women are more likely than men to make such investments. n76

   Remittances have the potential to lift recipient families out of poverty, n77
but they can also create inequality within villages. This happens when
remittance-receiving families become "haves," thereby making "have-nots" of
those without remittance income. n78 Remittances can hurt  [*720]  non-migrant
households in other ways. For example, increased consumption among migrant
households may cause local price inflation. n79 Inflation renders all goods less
affordable, while also reducing the funds available for productive investments
in education, health care, and agricultural improvements. n80

   Finally, remittances do not necessarily result in development, economic
growth, or job creation in local rural economies. n81 Because remittances are
used primarily to meet basic family needs, rather than for reinvestment, any
increase in the number of jobs or in local output is typically slight. n82 In
some regions, migrants pool their remittance resources to fund infrastructure
and social service programs, n83 but this type  [*721]  of investment represents
only a fraction of the development and infrastructure required to ensure
sustainable growth in a rural area. In short, remittance income is rarely
converted into "sustainable productive capacity." n84

   Moreover, a steady flow of remittances may create unhealthy reliance by
nations, as well as by individual families. n85 Economic downturns such as the
current one diminish remittances, with devastating consequences for the
receiving countries' economies. n86 As migrants lose jobs, they send home less
money, and some even return to their rural places of origin. n87

   E. Summary

 The added challenges and hardships associated with male migration can leave
rural women more economically vulnerable than ever. As men migrate and women
become the heads of their families, women take on more responsibility, including
in the agricultural sector. But migration also has the potential to increase
rural women's agency and  [*722]  decision-making power, in part because of the
population churn associated with migration. This population turnover diminishes
the isolation that typically marks rural communities and may thus bring with it
a greater awareness of law and legal rights. It can also put remittance income
in the hands of women, who are more likely to use it constructively.

   The next two Parts discuss the roles that international institutions can play
in rural women's empowerment. Part II discusses the role of development in
relation to rural populations and food security, with special emphasis on
women's roles in this age of migration. Part III discusses how CEDAW might
contribute to this empowerment.

   II. Rurality, Gender, Food, and Development

   A. Rural Women and Agriculture Around the Globe

 Not only are a growing number of rural households headed by women, n88 the Food
and Agriculture Organization (FAO) reports that women produce about half of the
world's food for direct consumption. n89 Around the world, 428 million women
work in the agricultural sector, n90 which is the primary source of women's
employment in many regions. n91 According to the Gender in Agriculture
Sourcebook, when both self-employment and wage labor are considered, women
provide more labor in agriculture than men in Asia, Sub-Saharan Africa, the
Middle East, North Africa, and some Caribbean and Central American countries.
n92 The FAO reports that two-thirds of women in the labor force of less
developed regions engage in agricultural activities. n93 Yet globally women own
less than two percent of the land worldwide, and they receive less than ten
percent of the available credit. n94

[*723]

   B. Food (In)Security

 Although the world currently produces enough food to feed twelve billion people
n95 (exceeding the current world population of 6.7 billion n96), hunger, food
insecurity, n97 and malnutrition persist and are projected to increase through
2020 and beyond. n98 Three-quarters of the world's 1.2 billion poor people (as
measured by the standard of income of less than one dollar per day) live and
work in rural areas, n99 and the global rural-urban poverty gap is not
narrowing. n100 Hunger remains "endemic" in most of the developing world's rural
areas, where malnutrition levels consistently exceed those in cities. n101 The
World Bank observes the irony of food insecurity's "largely rural face." n102

   Policymakers acknowledge that women "are the architects of food security."
n103 Women are generally responsible for food selection and preparation, as well
as for the care and feeding of children. n104 When a woman has an income, she is
more likely to spend it on food and the needs of children. n105 Yet, according
to the FAO, the International Fund for Rural Development (IFAD), and the World
Bank, food insecurity is a consequence of the rural poor being net food
purchasers rather than sellers. n106 In relation to food security, then, food
production is more  [*724]  important as a means to generate income than it is
for direct family consumption. n107 Like others who produce to sell, rural women
need access to income and markets. n108

   C. Agricultural Development as Rural Development

 Rural and agricultural development efforts are credited with a dramatic decline
in poverty and hunger between 1975 and 1990. n109 IFAD observes, however, that
these advances - along with progress in agricultural production - have more
recently stalled. n110 Many rural areas currently see no benefit from such
development. n111

   This situation is not surprising given that international funding for
agricultural development has declined in recent years. n112 Between 1987 and
1998, "the absolute value of aid fell by two-thirds." n113 The proportion of
official development assistance for agriculture fell from twenty percent in the
1980s to twelve percent in the early 2000s. n114 Likewise, the World Bank's
lending to the agriculture sector declined from thirty percent of total lending
in the 1980s to about eight percent ($ 1.5 billion) in 2002. n115 The Bank has
acknowledged that lending to rural spaces "is not congruent with the greater
incidence of poverty in rural areas." n116

   Yet many international organizations encourage broad-based rural development
that entails job creation as a way to alleviate poverty and reduce migration
pressures. n117 The World Bank in 2003 called for agricultural growth to be at
the top of the development agenda in order to reach the millennium goals of
cutting hunger and poverty. n118 Further,  [*725]  agriculture tends to be more
resilient than other sectors during severe economic crises. n119

   Indeed, the agricultural sector might provide a safety net of sorts for
developing countries because of its potential to absorb some of those who lose
their jobs during economic downturns. The FAO observes that increases in
agriculture and related sector employment can help to maintain and enhance
population balance between rural and urban by decreasing migration pressures.
n120 It estimates that agricultural growth is as much as four times more
effective at poverty reduction than is growth in other sectors. n121 In
particular, the FAO advocates rural development that enhances the capacity of
small-farmholders, n122 noting that income generated by 500 million such farms
supports three billion rural people worldwide. n123 Success on the part of these
farms has great potential to reduce poverty by increasing food availability and
lowering food prices. n124 It also can result in higher incomes and may generate
demand for locally produced goods and services. n125

   Although developing the agriculture sector enhances food security and narrows
the rural-urban development and poverty gaps, national policies tend to favor
urban development and investment. n126 Such policies disproportionately neglect
the needs of the rural developing world. In the 1970s and 1980s, between nine
percent and thirty-four percent of total government expenditures went to the
rural sector, percentages that are well below respective rural population
shares. n127

   1. Urban Bias

 Despite the capacity of development to improve the lives of rural residents,
some development theorists object to the discourse of development, including the
objectification of developing countries as "other"  [*726]  to be developed.
Balakrishnan Rajagopal, for example, writes: "Development has always been a
hegemonic idea in that it has always been clear about who needs to be developed,
who will do the "developing', how and in which direction." n128 Because of
development's postcolonial and Cold War roots, some development theorists view
development efforts as forms of cultural imperialism. n129

   Similar criticisms can be leveled at rural development efforts in particular.
Rural development tends to focus narrowly on efficient production as a means to
reduce poverty. n130 These efforts sometimes ignore "structural factors such as
the precarious availability of land, deficient soil quality, and the strong
resistance of rural communities to produce for the market." n131 As agricultural
development efforts encroach on small farmers, these farmers sometimes become
objects of development, rather than subjects with a voice in the development
process. n132

   Arturo Escobar is among those who see a fundamental problem with rural
development strategies' focus on mass production as the only means by which
rural populations can accelerate into modernity. n133 He criticizes the focus on
quantity of production, which discounts the notion that rural livelihoods are
simply a way of life. For some, that way of life reflects quality and choice.
n134

   An urban bias - indeed, an urban hubris - is thus reflected in much
development theory, planning, and execution. The Encyclopedia of International
Development even features an entry for "urban  [*727]  bias." n135 To the extent
that agricultural and rural development focus primarily on increasing
productivity, they drive rural-to-urban migration. This is because mechanization
and reliance on technology diminish the need for agricultural labor. If such
intensive production agriculture does not employ ecologically sustainable
practices, it has adverse consequences for the environment. This puts the
developing world on the same path that the developed world has already traveled
- one of greater urbanization. n136 This often unstated urban bent in
development is akin to - even an aspect of - the Western hubris that has been so
criticized by postcolonial scholars such as Escobar.

   2. Gender Bias

 In addition to an urban bias, rural development strategies often reflect gender
biases. Escobar is among those who assert that women's exclusion from
agricultural development programs sometimes diminishes their status and that of
their work. n137 Along with other flaws, he notes that development planners have
tended to embrace the U.S. model of agriculture. That model assumes men to be
the productive workers, while relegating women to near invisibility. Women's
programs have been limited to "health, family planning, nutrition, child care,
and home economics ... . For women, the consequences of development include
increased workloads, loss of existing employment, changes in the reward
structures for their work, and loss of control of land." n138 Indeed, throughout
the 1970s, women featured in international rural development policies only in
relation to pregnancy, lactation, feeding children, procuring clean water,
handling children's diseases, and cultivating home gardens to supplement the
family diet. n139 This focus on "agriculture for men and home economics for
women" cabins and undervalues rural women. n140

    [*728]  Clearly, rural women should be involved in development efforts - be
it in agricultural or other forms. Yet abundant evidence suggests that women are
not consistently included. n141 Even when women have access to land, they often
do not also have access to credit, technology, and extension services. n142
Nevertheless, rural women's agency and potential have not been entirely
overlooked by international institutions. The following Part discusses the
opportunity presented by CEDAW to empower rural women, with a particular focus
on development.

   III. CEDAW and Human Rights Protections for Rural Women

 Equality for women has been a fundamental principle of the United Nations since
its inception in 1945. Acting on this principle, the United Nations adopted
CEDAW in 1979. n143 The Convention recognizes that women "suffer from various
forms of discrimination because they are women." n144 The Convention requires
parties to "eliminate direct or indirect discrimination in all spheres of life,
improve women's de facto position within society; and, address prevailing gender
relations and discriminatory stereotypes." n145 More than ninety percent of the
United Nations' members - 185 countries - are parties (hereafter "Member  [*729]
States" or "States") to the Convention. n146 The United States is the only
country to sign but not ratify the treaty. n147

   A. CEDAW's Article 14

 CEDAW is unique among human rights treaties in that it specifically addresses
the circumstances of rural women. Indeed, CEDAW's Article 14 is entirely about
this population. Article 14(1) recognizes "the particular problems faced by
rural women" as well as "the significant roles which women play in the economic
survival of their families" and calls on States Parties to "ensure the
application" of the entirety of CEDAW to "women in rural areas." n148 This
provision thus requires Member States to ensure that rural women, like their
urban counterparts, enjoy all rights addressed by the Convention. n149

   Article 14(2) goes further, enumerating particular rights for rural women. It
provides:

    [*730]

2. States Parties shall take all appropriate measures to eliminate
discrimination against women in rural areas in order to ensure, on a basis of
equality of men and women, that they participate in and benefit from rural
development and, in particular, shall ensure to such women the right:



(a) To participate in the elaboration and implementation of development planning
at all levels;



(b) To have access to adequate health care facilities, including information,
counseling and services in family planning;



(c) To benefit directly from social security programmes;



(d) To obtain all types of training and education, formal and non-formal,
including that relating to functional literacy, as well as, inter alia, the
benefit of all community and extension services, in order to increase their
technical proficiency;



(e) To organize self-help groups and co-operatives in order to obtain equal
access to economic opportunities through employment or self-employment;



(f) To participate in all community activities;



(g) To have access to agricultural credit and loans, marketing facilities,
appropriate technology and equal treatment in land and agrarian reform as well
as in land resettlement schemes;



(h) To enjoy adequate living conditions, particularly in relation to housing,
sanitation, electricity and water supply, transport and communications. n150

 This eight-item list suggests that the drafters recognized specific ways in
which rural women were or might be disadvantaged in comparison to or as distinct
from their urban counterparts. Indeed, one might read this list as suggesting
that rural women generally do not enjoy particular benefits, such as social
security, health care, and education. n151 In the same vein, one might interpret
it as implying that women tend to be excluded from development planning,
self-help groups, and community activities. The articulation of these guarantees
would otherwise not have been deemed necessary. Alternatively, one might simply
see this list as articulating the rights most valuable and fundamental to rural
women even  [*731]  though some of them, such as the right to health care, are
included elsewhere in CEDAW. n152 Finally, inclusion of rights such as that to
social security suggests the association of rurality with the informal
(non-cash) economy. n153

   1. The Drafting History

 As the first international human rights instrument to recognize expressly rural
populations, n154 CEDAW implies the legal relevance of rural-urban difference.
According to the Travaux Preparatoires, an article devoted to the rights of
rural women was not suggested until Draft 5, three years into the drafting
process, in 1976. n155 The Article was incorporated after Egypt, India,
Indonesia, Iran, Pakistan, Thailand, and the United States offered it as an
amendment. n156 India introduced a draft resolution proposing the additional
article on rural women because it believed the draft did not yet sufficiently
consider this population. n157 In discussing whether to include what became
Article 14 in the draft, the FAO saw an explicit distinction between rural and
urban women desirable because of the dearth of health and welfare resources in
rural areas. n158

   The ultimate inclusion of rural women in CEDAW appears to have been largely
uncontroversial, n159 though many countries commented on Article 14's text
during the drafting process. n160 Several countries'  [*732]  comments were of a
general character. Chad, for example, recognized the Article's particular
importance for developing countries. n161 Argentina thought Article 14 should
include disadvantaged groups in both rural and urban areas, n162 while Hungary
preferred to limit Article 14 to rural women. n163

   Other countries commented on specific provisions of Article 14. n164
Subsections 2(a) and 2(g) make clear that a prominent goal of Article 14 is to
allow women to participate equally with men in areas of agricultural and rural
development. n165 Nevertheless, States disagreed about the details of subsection
2(a)'s right to participate in development planning. Countries debated the
merits of the "at all levels" language versus specific mention of "local,
regional or national levels." n166 Regarding 2(c) about education, Kenya
proposed the part that notes the purpose of improving women's "technical
efficiency," while the United Kingdom suggested including functional literacy
and access to extension services. n167 The United Kingdom also recommended
inclusion of a provision relating to women's ability to gain access to "credit
and loans [and] appropriate technology." n168 The International Labor
Organization (ILO) explained that the term "appropriate technology" suggested a
realistic assessment of country conditions, including "human resources, currency
available, impact on the labour market, labour-intensive versus
capital-intensive technology, and the social consequences that the specific
technology brings into a society." n169

   Bangladesh proposed inclusion of what would become paragraph 2(d), which
provides for the right to organize self-help groups and cooperatives  [*733]
"in order to obtain equal access to economic opportunities through employment
and self-employment." n170 Countries as diverse as Ghana and Sweden supported
the proposal, noting that discrimination in these sectors exists in some
countries. n171 Bangladesh also proposed what became part of Article 14(2)(f),
"the right to participate in all community activities." n172

   2. State Accountability

 While not requiring a State Party to incorporate CEDAW's tenets directly into
their domestic legislation, CEDAW imposes a stronger burden than other
conventions, like the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural
Rights (ICESCR). n173 The ICESCR requires only that States "take steps
"progressively' to achieve the full realizations of rights." n174 By comparison,
States that have ratified or acceded to CEDAW "are obliged to undertake all
legislative and other appropriate measures to eliminate discrimination against
women without delay." n175 Member States must also submit national reports
within one year of ratification, and they must then submit reports at least
every four years. n176 The reports, required by Article 18 of CEDAW, should
describe the measures the countries take to comply with their treaty
obligations. n177

   Article 18 gives Member States broad discretion regarding what information to
include in their reports. They may include, for example, "factors and
difficulties affecting the degree of fulfillment of obligations under CEDAW."
n178 The CEDAW Committee draws on the reports to craft  [*734]  specific
recommendations and questions for hearings held with high-ranking officials of
States. n179 Many scholars recognize that while CEDAW is a binding treaty with
admirable goals, it appears aspirational in nature, with an expectation-setting
agenda that has the air of soft law. n180 Human rights treaties generally
contain monitoring provisions, and CEDAW imposes only periodic reporting
requirements of measures taken to implement the Convention. n181 Although Member
States' reports may expose non-performance or breach, according to Hilary
Charlesworth and Christine Chinkin, "there is no tradition of censure by the
treaty bodies but rather one of "constructive dialogue,' which is unlikely to
lead to change in the face of intransigence." n182 Additionally, States often
submit late or erroneous reports. n183

   In response to these concerns, the General Assembly adopted the Optional
Protocol to CEDAW on Oct. 6, 1999. n184 The Optional Protocol was intended not
only "to improve on and add to existing enforcement mechanisms for women's human
rights" but also "to improve States' and individuals' understanding of CEDAW."
n185 To these ends, the Optional Protocol introduces two new features: an
individual complaints procedure and an inquiry procedure. n186 Under Article 6,
individuals or groups may make complaints against States that are parties to the
Optional Protocol,  [*735]  but only after exhausting domestic remedies. n187
These procedures allow the Committee to recommend changes that affect the
structural causes of violations and to "address a broad range of issues in a
particular country." n188 States that are parties to the Optional Protocol must
publicize its procedures, thus increasing public awareness of CEDAW, the
Optional Protocol, and these procedures. n189 Nevertheless, the Optional
Protocol is not meant to be a legally enforceable tool, but rather a way to
encourage Member States to take steps toward full implementation of CEDAW by
changing discriminatory laws and practices. n190 To date, no complaint
adjudicated under the Optional Protocol relates to Article 14 or to a rural
context. n191

   B. State Responses to CEDAW's Article 14: The Tales of Four Countries

 To get a sense of how Member States have responded to Article 14, this Section
considers the most recent reports filed by four countries pursuant to their
Article 18 obligation. China, India, Ghana, and South Africa were selected
because of the geographic variety they represent, and also because each features
a relatively sharp divide between rural and urban. That is, each country has at
least one major city, as well as dramatically less developed rural areas.

   The country reports submitted by China (covering 1998-2004), n192 Ghana
(covering 1991-2004), n193 India (covering 1999-2005), n194 and South Africa
(initial report, filed in 1998) n195 reveal common themes with regard to the
problems rural women face. They also reveal commonalities among Member States'
responses to these challenges,  [*736]  responses that have more often been
programmatic than in the nature of law reform.

   A 1991 UNITAR manual on reporting requirements under CEDAW suggests that
States report the percentage of women in agriculture and other statistical
information, such as the balance between the rural and urban population. n196 It
also suggests that reports include information about the pay rates for men and
women in rural areas. n197 While none of the four countries considered provides
pay rate information, n198 all provide some population demographics data. China
reports that almost sixty-four percent of the population lives in rural areas,
n199 but the majority of its report focuses on major urban centers. In fact,
only one of the tables in China's report addresses the nation's rural
population. n200 India reports that seventy percent of the nation's female
population is rural. n201 Ghana does not specify its rural female population but
indicates that sixty-six percent of the county's population is rural. n202 South
Africa states that women dominate its rural population but provides no further
detail. n203

   1. Access to Land

 Each of the four Member States' reports discusses the importance of land access
to rural women's circumstances and opportunity, n204 including their right to
inherit. n205 Statistics from India and Ghana illustrate the dramatic inequality
between men and women. Although nearly ninety percent of the entire Indian
female workforce is concentrated in the agricultural sector, most women are not
land owners. n206 Ghanaian women's rights to land are very limited, even though
women are responsible for seventy percent of the food produced and ninety
percent of the food chain (that is, production, processing, and distribution).
n207

    [*737]  Some reports suggest that they are, however, making progress toward
greater access to land for women. n208 In China, the Rural Land Contracting Law
of 2002 (RLCL) reportedly requires gender equality in land contracting. n209
During a new round of land contracting in 1999-2000, China's State Council
requested "county governments to supervise land contracting transactions and
immediately remedy any violations of women's rights and interests in land
contracting." n210 The National People's Congress consequently promulgated RLCL,
which addresses issues of land contracting by married, divorced, or widowed
women. n211 Contract issuers who violate the RLCL face civil liability. n212

   India's law reform efforts to ensure greater female access to land appear
more extensive than China's. The Indian government issues title deeds for new
land grants jointly in the name of the wife and husband. n213 A pilot program
attempts to improve women's access to land by providing leases on community
wasteland, fallow land, or surplus land to women's self-help groups (SHGs). n214
India also encourages its states to implement measures that promote effective
land rights for women n215 and recognizes the need to create institutional
capability in the rural housing sector. n216

   The reports of the African nations are less positive, citing patriarchy and
polygamy among other obstacles to women's access to land. n217  [*738]  Ghana
acknowledges that the traditional patrilineage system n218 and widespread
polygamy n219 seriously impede women's ability to acquire and retain land. n220
Its report also notes barriers to de facto gender equality in land access. n221
Under customary laws, the male head of the family administers all property
belonging to the family. The Intestate Succession Law (ISL) of 1985 radically
changed how property is distributed if the head of the family dies without a
will. n222 Prior to the ISL, the extended family inherited a greater portion of
the deceased's estate than did the wife and children, who were "left with very
little, or nothing at all." n223 The ISL "provides a uniform system of property
distribution," n224 but its implementation is rife with problems. Among these
problems is polygamy, which results in fragmented land parcels. n225 Another
issue is the valuation of the wife's contributions to acquisitions of property.
Currently, "proof of substantial contributions for claiming part or full
ownership of the property" is required. n226 Ghana has suggested that the law
should be changed to reflect the value of women's domestic contributions. n227

   South Africa's report notes that customary laws prevent women from owning
land. The report indicates, however, that the government is working to raise
women's awareness of their rights under the new Land Reform Programme. n228 The
Programme has three components: (1) redistribution of land to the poor (that is,
to labor tenants, farm workers, etc.); (2) land restitution, "which covers cases
of forced removals that took place after 1913," at which time only men were
allowed to own land; and (3) land tenure reform, which includes community
tenure. n229 Because land is traditionally held only in the name of the male
member of a  [*739]  household, and because the new legislation tends to favor
the named tenant, the South African government is studying ways to reform the
law to provide equal access to women in tenancy. n230

   Further, the government established the Women's Land Rights Sub-directorate
(WLR) of the Ministry of Land Affairs. The WLR devised a Land Reform Gender
Policy: a plan of legislative and administrative measures to give women equal
rights to economic resources. n231 In many traditionally male-dominated rural
South African communities, however, the current gender-neutral legislation has
been inadequate in providing women land access (that is, both land ownership and
leasing). n232 This situation points out the significance of attending to
CEDAW's overarching goal of achieving substantive equality, which includes
challenging traditional gender roles and stereotypes where they undermine that
goal.

   2. Earmarked Funds to Assist Rural Women

 India, China, and, to some extent, Ghana have earmarked funds to assist
individual women, or women's self-help groups (SHGs) and collectives. n233 In
India, the Women Component Plan guarantees that women receive at least thirty
percent of all developmental disbursement funds. n234 Moreover, the Indian rural
antipoverty program earmarked about forty percent of its funds for women's SHGs.
n235 India's Common Minimum Programme proposed further expansion of earmarked
funds, setting aside as much as one-third of the total available funds for
women's development projects. n236 Such designated funds are used to establish
education centers and boarding schools, n237 student dormitories or hostels,
n238 health-care centers, n239 female-only wash-houses and  [*740]  latrines,
n240 literacy centers, n241 and other poverty alleviation programs n242 aimed at
assisting rural women.

   In Ghana, the Ministry of Women and Children's Affairs (MOWAC) established
the Women's Development Fund (WDF), which distributes microloans to women's SHGs
and coordinates skills training and other programs. n243 The WDF "is exclusively
targeted at women in small-scale enterprises in selected economic activities."
n244 By 2005, the WDF had distributed loans to over 200,000 women. n245 WDF loan
applicants do not have to show collateral if they have formed SHGs. n246

   The Chinese government similarly formulated a development strategy with a
particular focus on women and children living in its poor, western rural
regions. n247 The program consists of government-sponsored projects for
anti-desertification and reforestation of land, micro-credit schemes, literacy
and technology training, and infrastructure enhancement. n248

   3. Self-Help Groups, Cooperatives, or Women's Federations

 All four countries have used SHGs, cooperatives, and women's federations to
improve the living conditions of rural women. The Indian government uses SHGs,
n249 or women's collectives, n250 as a primary strategy for enhancing rural
women's livelihoods. About 84% of the Indian SHGs are women-only groups, n251
and India reports that SHGs have enabled nearly two million poor, rural families
to gain access to the "formal banking system." n252 These collectives are
organized at the village level and provide opportunities for women to discuss
specific problems, explore solutions, and vie for local political office. n253

    [*741]  In China, women's federations are similarly major actors in the
implementation of governmental policy. n254 Women's federations "coordinate with
pertinent sectors to provide on-the-job training" n255 and they participate in
disbursing micro-loans to rural women. n256 The governments of Ghana and South
Africa encourage the establishment of rural women's SHGs. n257 Such cooperatives
receive funds directly, n258 are platforms for women's education n259 or the
establishment of day care programs, n260 and operate as political fora. n261

   4. Micro-Credit Programs

 Each of the four Member States considered has established micro-credit programs
and organizations to assist rural women in their efforts to open small
businesses. n262 These often function in connection with SHGs or cooperatives.
n263 India's Rural Women's Development and Empowerment Project, for example,
allocates income-generating funds to many SHGs. n264 The National Bank for
Agricultural and Rural Development similarly focuses on micro-financing SHGs.
n265 In spite of these institutions' efforts, fewer than fifteen percent of the
loans they disbursed  [*742]  went to "women as "small borrowers.' " n266 The
government of Ghana has also established specialized schemes, such as the
Women's Development Fund, to provide micro-loans through rural banks to women's
enterprises. n267 In South Africa, the Department of Welfare provides resources
to facilitate the establishment of day-care centers in rural areas. n268 Another
proposed South African program would grant "women the right to use property
registered in the name of their spouses" as collateral for loans. n269 China
similarly provides micro-credit to rural women-owned enterprises. n270 These
loans are either underwritten by local women's federations n271 or via rural
credit cooperatives. n272 Such small loans have between a ninety-five and
ninety-nine percent loan return rate, making them a sound investment. n273

   In addition, China, India, and Ghana have established programs to organize
rural women in creating new "green" industries. These programs address
reforestation and land reclamation, n274 in addition to solar, n275 electric,
n276 natural gas, n277 and other energy improvement projects. n278 China reports
that about 120 million women participated in its reforestation programs between
2001 and 2004. n279

   5. Specialized Schools for Rural Girls, Adolescents, and Women

 Recognizing that addressing the gender gap in education is a primary vehicle
for empowering socially and economically marginalized women, China and India
have implemented a number of programs to  [*743]  close this gap. n280 Female
illiteracy is higher than male illiteracy in each of the four countries, n281
and the traditional priority given to educating male children persists. n282 In
addition, rural women's health education is generally deficient, especially with
regard to contraception and reproductive health. n283 Further education with
respect to hygiene and sanitation is also necessary. n284

   India has established a national education program aimed specifically at
rural girls' primary education. n285 This initiative succeeded in bringing about
ninety percent of rural children within one kilometer of a primary school. n286
China's compulsory primary education program provides girls greater flexibility,
allowing them to attend schools part-time, n287 and together with a younger
sibling. n288 The Chinese program combines girls' literacy programs with farming
and vocational education. n289 To close the persistent gender gap in science and
math, Ghana established clinics focusing on those subjects for girls in rural
areas, n290 along with a variety of other programs to enhance girls' education.
n291 South Africa enacted a compulsory education law, n292 but its report
[*744]  acknowledges that "religious, cultural, and social practices" still
prevent girls' school attendance. n293

   Correspondence schools or broadcast programs, which are free to women, n294
provide a significant portion of rural adult education in China. n295 Other
programs provide both literacy education and skills training. n296 India
established women-only schools for adults, as well as day-care centers, in rural
areas. n297 Other specialized programs also provide skill and literacy education
to rural women in India. n298

   In South Africa and Ghana, on the other hand, rural adult basic education and
training programs are scarce, n299 and female drop-out rates are high. n300 Even
where such programs exist, they teach primarily traditional women's vocations.
n301 Socio-cultural inhibitions persist as barriers to the training of women in
trades that are traditionally the preserve of men. n302

[*745]

   6. Health Care Delivery

 All four countries acknowledge that urban women are in better health than rural
women. n303 Each has developed different solutions to this problem, responding
to geographic features such as the size of the territory and the nature of the
terrain covered. South Africa grants free health care to all residents n304 and
offers mobile clinics that provide rural women with access to general and
reproductive health services. n305 India established a subsidized Universal
Health Insurance Scheme n306 and rural health centers under the National Rural
Health Mission. n307 Sixty percent of Ghanaian women have health care facilities
within eight kilometers of their residence. n308 China earmarks funds for the
provision of maternal and infant health centers in rural areas. n309 As a
result, between 1995 and 2000, China established more than 3,000 new maternal
and infant health centers in rural areas. n310 Nevertheless, in many rural parts
of China, especially those with high poverty rates, the lack of health care
facilities and personnel persists. n311

   7. Countering Oppressive Traditions

 Each of the four countries surveyed has unique cultural traditions that result
in the oppression of women. While India struggles to rehabilitate the "scheduled
castes" (SC), n312 China faces the problem of sex-selective abortions and the
abandonment or infanticide of female  [*746]  babies. n313 Ghana has long sought
to eradicate customary laws allowing polygamy, n314 while South Africa struggles
to counter the consequences of nearly a half-century of apartheid. n315 These
problematic practices tend to be more prevalent, and their consequences more
aggravated, in remote, rural areas. n316

   In India, for example, most SC individuals live in the rural areas, n317
where they traditionally engage in waste collection and scavenging. n318 The
government's poverty alleviation programs specifically allocate funds to rural
SC women. n319 The Indian government also established literacy education
districts in low-literacy pockets, n320 mostly populated by SCs, n321 and it
relaxed population threshold requirements to allow more local schools to open.
n322 Boarding schools and hostels for SC girls allow them to attain higher
levels of education. n323 To facilitate SC women's land acquisition efforts, the
government allotted 36% of 6.5 million acres of surplus land to SC members in
husband-and-wife joint titles. n324 SC women who live below the poverty line
also have access to low-income  [*747]  housing. n325 Despite all these efforts,
poverty is persistently higher among the SC population than among others, n326
and rural SC women live in much worse conditions than do other rural women n327
or urban women. n328

   In Ghana, women do not enjoy equality with men in land ownership and rental,
even though the vast majority of the Ghanaian food production chain is in
women's hands. n329 Customary laws dictate that land rights vest in the husband,
and the wife's rights terminate if the marriage fails. n330 Even though Ghana
outlawed patrilineage, n331 customary laws still hold sway in the rural areas of
Northern Ghana, where women cannot inherit land or cattle. n332 The practice of
polygamy further impoverishes women because the husband must provide for several
families. n333 After his death, land is divided into smaller parcels that cannot
be farmed efficiently. n334 The government of Ghana has undertaken efforts to
eliminate polygamy n335 and to educate women about their right to land
ownership, n336 but these efforts have met with limited success. n337

[*748]

   C. Summary: CEDAW's Unrealized Potential for Rural Women

 This summary of four States' responses to CEDAW's mandate regarding rural women
suggests government attention and resources have sought to address several
concerns. It also, however, indicates remarkably little progress related to two
key provisions of Article 14. The first is agriculture-related education and
technology. Despite their importance to rural women's livelihoods, subsection
(2)(d)'s requirement of "all types of training and education [including] all
community and extension services, in order to increase their technical
proficiency," and subsection (2)(g)'s requirement of access to "appropriate
technology" are not addressed in the four Member States' reports considered
above. This absence suggests a lack of attention to two types of resources that
have the potential not only to empower women, but also to enhance food security
for entire communities, even regions.

   The second omission regards women's integration into "the elaboration and
implementation of development planning at all levels," as required by Article
14(2)(a). n338 The four reports do not explicitly discuss women's involvement in
development planning as such. Nevertheless, some countries' earmarks of funds
for women - including in support of cooperatives, SHGs, and micro-finance
institutions - might serve this purpose in a somewhat piecemeal way. By
economically empowering rural women, these programs effectively permit the women
to make policy at the lowest level, that is, in determining how they use the
credit received and which investments they make. Further, to the extent that
local SHGs and cooperatives have a say in development planning at local or
regional levels, Member States' support of these organizations may effectively
empower women to participate in the elaboration and implementation of planning
at higher scales, too. n339

   In the four Member States considered, then, Article 14's potential seems to
be least realized with respect to two critical issues. Both involve the
rural-specific matter of agricultural or rural development. The first relates to
women's access to the type of education and technology that would make them more
productive farmers, and the second relates to their participation in
decisionmaking about the course that development should take.

    [*749]  Another persistent problem is the conflict between international
norms and local customs, which function as de facto sources of law in some
places. The next Part discusses CEDAW's potential to address such conflicts. In
particular, that Part takes up Article 14's multi-scalar approach, which
accommodates legal pluralism. It is an approach that recognizes the value in
empowering women not only with national and international legal mandates, but
also at the village level. In short, it endorses a dual strategy: bottom-up and
top-down. n340

   IV. Rurality, Rights, Custom, and the Role (or Absence) of Law

 In Development as Freedom, Amartya Sen argues for a shift in the development
paradigm. He calls for attention to expanding the freedoms and capabilities of
individuals, rather than merely alleviating poverty or seeking to improve
material standards of living. n341 Martha Nussbaum similarly advocates
developing women's capabilities. n342 She also acknowledges the salience (albeit
overlooked, she observes) of the rural-urban axis. n343

   One way in which to expand the freedoms and capabilities of rural women is to
engage them in the planning and implementation of agricultural and other rural
development, as CEDAW's Article 14 stipulates, "at all levels." n344 This right,
like many of those enumerated in Article 14, is not of the standard civil rights
variety (for example, freedom of speech). Rather, along with Article 14's
mandate to include rural women in social security programs and provide them
adequate health care, it is more in the nature of socioeconomic rights. n345
CEDAW's Article 14 thus seeks to  [*750]  confer agency on rural women in ways
that have material consequences on the ground, where they are, at the local or
village scale. Other examples are the right to "participate in the elaboration
and implementation of development planning," n346 the right to "obtain equal
access to economic opportunities" by organizing in SHGs, n347 and the right "to
have access to agricultural credit and loans, marketing facilities, appropriate
technology, and equal treatment in land and agrarian reform." n348

   Despite the inclusion of these unique enumerated rights, CEDAW's lack of an
enforcement mechanism leads many to view the Convention as ineffective at
achieving reform. n349 Its ineffectual character may take on added dimensions in
rural places. While an unstated premise of my discussion of CEDAW has been that
such formal legal instruments matter, that premise is worth particular
interrogation in relation to rural places. The absence of law is a recurring
theme in scholarship about rurality in the United States, n350 and such an
absence may be similarly characteristic of rural places in the developing world.
The Gender in Agriculture Sourcebook, for example, notes that "formal law and
state institutions often have limited effectiveness beyond major urban areas"
and that in many countries "the State and its institutions, including the
judiciary, exert only a weak presence" in rural places. n351

   This means that even where domestic laws confer land rights upon women, a
State may lack, or be "unwilling to commit, [sic] resources to advocating,
promoting, enforcing, and protecting" those rights. n352 Without enforcement,
such laws become meaningless and local customs prevail. n353 In other words, the
power of the rule of law, especially as  [*751]  reflected in international and
national law, may vary across the rural-urban axis. This presumably makes law a
less formidable force in rural places, if not entirely irrelevant there.

   But a relative absence of national and international law is not all that sets
rural places apart from urban ones in terms of CEDAW's effective operation.
Local sources of authority are more entrenched in rural areas, and these have
gendered consequences. As noted in Part III.B.7, customary practices may present
particular problems for rural women. The Gender in Agriculture Sourcebook
observes that rural women "often do not possess the financial resources,
knowledge and capacity to go against social norms and may not exercise their
legal rights." n354 The Sourcebook further explains that "women's secondary
status, lower socialization, undervalued productive work, and illiteracy" may
deter them from asserting their legal rights. n355 They may be reluctant to
participate in "institutions and activities seen as men's domains." n356 A
similar phenomenon is evident in rural parts of the United States, where
traditional gender roles tend to be more entrenched, n357 and women may be more
reluctant to invoke the authority of law. n358

   Relative social and cultural stasis in rural parts of the developing world is
very likely another reason that the power of tradition and customary law
persists there more than in cities. n359 In the U.S. context, scholars have
theorized the reasons for rural stasis, concluding that rural communities are
slow to alter their traditions and heritage because of the "types of
relationships rural people form as a result of population size and density."
n360 This density of acquaintance, particularly among  [*752]  relatively
homogeneous populations, is conducive to greater consensus on norms and values.
By contrast, population diversity in urban settings "fosters the generation and
acceptance of new ideas." n361 Urban norms are therefore more likely to evolve
because of the innovation generated by "organizationally and occupationally
diverse people." n362 If factors similar to those in the rural United States
have fostered cultural inertia in rural parts of the developing world, that
inertia may be disrupted by changes associated with migration. I return to this
point below.

   Further, I have elsewhere theorized the intersection of gender and rurality,
noting that both women and rural places are associated with the private sphere,
where legal actors and institutions - and therefore law itself - are relatively
absent. n363 This intersection has the unfortunate consequence of providing two
bases for excluding rural women from law's purview: gender and geography.
Catharine MacKinnon describes law's situation or stance with respect to women's
lives as being "high up and a long way off." n364 This distance is aggravated -
effectively multiplied - for women residing in rural places.

   Because law is so distant or absent in rural parts of the developing world,
women there may not know that national law - let alone an international
convention - confers on them particular rights and entitlements. They may be
unaware of authorities other than those that are strictly local. Indeed, rural
women are not only less likely to be aware of rights that originate at higher
scales (that is, national or international) they are also less likely to have
access to mechanisms for enforcing them locally. They may be unable to get the
attention of legal actors for purposes of initiating strategic litigation or
other efforts at enforcement. n365 Until rural women are educated about their
rights and have access to legal actors and institutions by which they may
enforce these rights, international law as reflected in CEDAW and complementary
national laws may be irrelevant, or at least of limited influence. n366

    [*753]  Nevertheless, the CEDAW framework holds promise in terms of its
aspirations and potential for rural women, in part because it accommodates
decisionmaking and sources of authority at various scales. As an international
treaty, CEDAW itself is law made at the highest scale - the global - and it
further compels Member States to make national laws compliant with its mandate.
n367 But CEDAW's Article 14 also envisages rural women's engagement with
quasi-legal actors at lower scales, in their local settings. n368 In particular,
the Article confers upon women rights such as involvement in development
planning, access to credit, marketing facilities, and technology, and equal
treatment in land reform.

   Such multi-scalar activity in turn suggests legal pluralism. This activity
implicates engagement with custom and other local sources of authority. When
powerful gender biases are entrenched in custom, effective empowerment of women
is likely to require "a shift in thinking, attitudes, and understanding" by
everyone at the local or village level. n369 As women agitate for the access and
empowerment that CEDAW envisages, customary law, and informal norms will be
renegotiated.

   The FAO, IFAD, and the World Bank recognize that "customary biases" may
prevent women from exercising land rights unless there is a concomitant shift in
attitudes not only by local officials, but also by lay men and women. n370 In
the same vein, Celestine Nyamu cautions that abolishing custom "is not conducive
to a positive dialogue that achieves a balance between gender equality and
cultural identity," even though CEDAW's strong abolitionist language is arguably
an important reflection of the Convention's aspirations. n371 Nyamu advocates
for "appropriating the openings ... in local culture or religious traditions,
while simultaneously working toward changing the larger social matrix," an
apparent reference to national norms and laws, among other forces. n372
Similarly, the United Nations advocates "dialogue with elders and other
enforcers of customs and traditions" in order to raise awareness and identify
ways in which custom may be harmonized with national and international norms
that respect women's rights. n373 These strategies  [*754]  recognize that
custom is not always "static, unchanging or incapable of gender responsiveness."
n374

   Indeed, as suggested above, migration can be an aspect of rural women's
empowerment because it creates just the sort of "openings" in local culture that
represent opportunities for change. Population churn between rural and urban
places has the consequence of bringing the broader knowledge base associated
with cities to rural places. Migration can become a tool for educating rural
populations regarding national norms, even international ones. This may be
similar to what happens in the United States as a consequence of rural
gentrification and other varieties of population churn that bring new residents
to traditional rural locales. These newcomers often bring social and economic
change with them. Their differing expectations and knowledge can result in
greater well-being for the entire community. n375 In the same way, returning
migrants' knowledge of national and international norms can be a catalyst for
local change in rural parts of the developing world. Those migrants' urban
contacts can also link rural residents to formal legal actors and processes.

   Other aspects of migration also hold potential for empowering rural women.
These include the opportunity for women to become heads of their households and
the concomitant opportunity to decide how remittance funds should be spent. As
noted in Part I.D, studies suggest that when women receive remittances, they are
more likely than men to invest them in human capital, infrastructure, or
agricultural inputs. n376 In short, money flows associated with migration may
represent opportunities for women to renegotiate long-standing power structures
and gain  [*755]  greater rights, freedoms, and economic empowerment. Norm
creation associated with CEDAW can be a component of that opportunity.

   Securing and enforcing Article 14 rights may be more challenging in rural
contexts because of the strength of custom, ignorance of national and
international laws, and absence of formal legal actors. Nevertheless, both
public and private development institutions may play a role in empowering women
in ways envisaged by Article 14. Any meaningful effort to improve rural women's
lives implicates not only law but also resources; international and national
non-governmental organizations are important sources of these.

   Again, one helpful aspect of CEDAW's framework is that it proposes getting
resources into the hands of rural women right where they are. n377 This, in
turn, implicates not only local officials but also the stances and priorities of
rural development organizations. Such development agencies might constructively
and strategically make material assistance contingent on the inclusion of women
"at all levels" and stages of development planning. Alternatively, these
organizations could monitor the ways in which recipients facilitate women's
access to the types of resources for which CEDAW recognizes their need. n378
Such leveraging of material assistance to promote the interests of women seems
particularly to challenge patriarchal custom and provide an excellent
opportunity to empower rural women. n379

   The reports of the four Member States discussed in Part III.B suggest that
material resources are reaching rural women, at least in some instances. n380
Another example of a state intervention of the sort presumably envisaged by
CEDAW's Article 14 comes from an IFAD report. n381 The report regards a Chinese
program that involved a multi-scalar response to a rural problem. n382 When
out-migration of men from drought-stricken regions of northern China left women
responsible for agricultural production, China used IFAD funding to institute a
multi-part strategy to increase women's participation in  [*756]
decisionmaking. n383 Women received literacy and skills training, access to
credit, and extension services provided by a staff, half of whom is women. n384
These services, along with the "institutional approach of participatory village
development plans," reportedly instilled "greater awareness and assertiveness
among women in all matters relating to the social and economic situation of the
individual, the household and the community." n385

   Finally, CEDAW's Article 14 stands to empower rural women in ways not
directly related to agricultural or other rural development. Higher birth rates
among rural women in the developing world raise concerns about the
sustainability of rural livelihoods. n386 Indeed, such high birth rates are one
of the forces driving migration to cities, n387 and they are a basis for arguing
that urban living is more ecologically sustainable and otherwise preferable. But
CEDAW's Article 14(2)(b) specifically requires that Member States provide rural
women with access to "information, counseling and services in family planning,"
in addition to more generally requiring "adequate health care facilities." n388
To the extent that CEDAW effectively fosters women's education, their engagement
in development decisionmaking, and their economic empowerment, it also leads to
lower birth rates. This is because "female education ... [and] participation in
the labour force" have proven to be significant factors in lowering birth rates.
n389 In addition to greater economic and social independence for women, "an
increase in female age at first marriage [and] improved knowledge of health,
hygiene, and contraceptive methods" are effective forms of population control.
n390 CEDAW thus plays multiple roles in achieving these outcomes because it
calls for adequate attention and resources to be provided for family planning,
as well as for rural women's economic empowerment. With respect to the goals of
curbing rural birth rates and thus fostering ecological sustainability, the
renegotiation of cultural norms that is facilitated by migration and population
churn may again play a supporting role to CEDAW and the programmatic and
development efforts that respond to its mandates.

    [*757]  To the extent that law does - or can - matter for rural women, a
multi-scalar or pluralist approach is likely to be most successful in endowing
them with both rights and resources. Forces that undermine women's agency must
be tackled not only in international instruments and national legislation that
respond to its directives but must also be renegotiated at the grassroots level.
Nowhere, perhaps, is this more true than in rural communities, where custom and
local sources of authority tend to be particularly entrenched. CEDAW provides an
especially appropriate framework for this negotiation by addressing not only
structural issues (for example, lack of schools and reproductive services), but
also by endorsing women's inclusion in rural development in ways that respect
and use local know how and preferences.

   V. Postscript: Resisting the Urban Juggernaut?

 Current migration trends make the urban juggernaut appear unstoppable. n391
Perhaps urbanization of the developing world, on the scale and in the manner
evident in the developed world, is inevitable. But is urbanization best? Will it
bring the greatest benefit for women, men, and children? Will it save the
environment or doom it? Should we hop on the "global cities" bandwagon with nary
a look back? n392

   This Essay has raised issues that call into question the wisdom of the urban
juggernaut. It thus challenges the orthodoxy that urban is better and that
urbanization is the solution to ills of the developing world. At a minimum,
greater clarity is needed regarding development goals vis-a-vis the rural
remnant, as well as law's role in achieving those goals.

   The first step toward achieving greater clarity is to be cognizant of rural
people and places and how they differ from what has become an implicit urban
norm. The United Nations and other global bodies are clearly aware of these
differences. Given that half of the world's population lives in rural areas and
more than ninety percent of the world's rural residents are concentrated in less
developed countries, n393 it is not surprising that rural populations garner
more attention from global policy makers than they do, for example, from U.S.
domestic policy makers. n394 Sheer numbers still count for something. This
heightened awareness of  [*758]  rural difference is probably also attributable
to a sense that differences between rural and urban are much greater in the
developing world than in more developed nations.

   Indeed, in these days of worldwide economic constriction and consequent
reverse migration to the countryside, rural populations arguably matter - at
least they should - more than ever. n395 It is thus not surprising that the
international strategies now in place for assisting rural populations, including
CEDAW's special attention to rural women, are in some ways comprehensive and
well-considered.

   As in the developed world, however, the focus of the development community's
elite decision makers is increasingly on cities, and the bias is increasingly an
urban one. n396 According to a recent study by the Global Secretariat of the
Global Donor Platform for Rural Development, a burgeoning "urban influence on
policy makers has shifted the focus of development policy aims away from rural
income generation and rural poverty reduction." n397

   Yet experience tells us that urbanization does not necessarily reduce
poverty. Between 1993 and 2002, the "$ 1 a day" poverty rate declined from 27.8%
to 22.3%. By this measure, the number of poor fell by about 106 million people,
representing a decline of 153 million in the number of rural poor but an
increase of forty-seven million in the number of urban poor. n398 These figures
suggest that many of the rural poor who migrate to cities simply become urban
poor. The power of urbanization to lift people out of poverty is limited.
Indeed, the donor-sponsored study noted above reached a consistent conclusion:

    [*759]

Countries with falling poverty levels today are most likely countries that have
invested a lot in their rural areas in the past. The reduction of poverty is an
achievement that owes a great deal to increased incomes from agriculture ... .
Indeed, very few countries achieved broad-based economic growth without
agricultural or rural growth preceding or accompanying it. Experience also shows
that, while urban poverty is growing fast and matters enormously, fighting
poverty today means first of all combating rural poverty - by transforming rural
lives and livelihoods. Such a strategy would also have positive impacts on urban
poverty and forced out-migration, which are often direct consequences of the
lack of rural opportunities. n399

 As this passage suggests, rural development need not entail, ultimately, more
urbanization. Certainly, urbanization should not be the only prong of a rural
development strategy. As noted earlier, the agricultural sector can provide an
economic safety net of sorts because of its resilience during downturns. n400

   To the extent that agricultural and rural development represents a shift to
intensive production agriculture, n401 however, such development may ultimately
result in the same problems that the developed world is now confronting in terms
of its relationship to food, agriculture, and sustainability. The agricultural
development proposals touted by Jeffrey Sachs, for example, may not adequately
attend to the environmental consequences of intensive production agriculture.
n402 We should consider the extent to which the current path of international
agriculture and rural development efforts is the same path from which the
developed world is now, in some measure, retreating. n403

    [*760]  Other questions, in turn, are implicated: How, for example, can
human rights and development law inform development strategies that both respect
and reflect rural livelihoods, while also producing enough food to feed the
world? n404 How can law play a role in ensuring that rural development efforts
are ecologically sustainable? n405 What is the "right" global balance between
rural and urban?

   Recent studies indicate that the carbon footprint of city dwellers in the
developed world is smaller than that of their rural counterparts, n406 but the
same is not necessarily so in the developing world. The United Nations similarly
recognizes that cities are sometimes more ecologically sustainable than rural
livelihoods (especially in the developed world), but it also notes that urban
growth and sprawl can be environmentally damaging. n407 Acknowledging the
complexity of the matter, a 2007 publication of the U.N. Population Fund on
Urbanization and Sustainability asks provocatively: "Cities: Burden or
Blessing?" n408

   Until we are clearer on the answer to that question - and the related
question of how we can effectively manage the environmental burden of
urbanization in the developing world - capitulating to the urban juggernaut (let
alone encouraging it) may not be the wisest course. One path of resistance is to
re-think the assumption that rural development necessitates urbanization. Rural
development might just as well entail respect  [*761]  for rural livelihoods and
empowerment of people within their rural settings. n409 The aspirations of
CEDAW's Article 14 can be a key component of such empowerment and, indeed,
provide a blueprint for it.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Administrative LawJudicial ReviewRemands & RemittitursEnergy & Utilities
LawElectric Power IndustryGeneral OverviewInternational Trade LawGeneral
Overview

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  G.A. Res. 62/136, P 8, U.N. Doc. A/62/433 (Dec. 18, 2007).





n2.  U.N. Inter-Agency Network on Women and Gender Equality, WomenWatch:
International Day of Rural Women (Oct. 25, 2008),
http://www.un.org/womenwatch/feature/idrw/ index.html (emphasis omitted)
[hereinafter International Day of Rural Women]; see also Int'l Labour Office,
Global Employment Trends for Women (2008),
http://www.ilo.org/wcmsp5/groups/public/---dgreports/---
dcomm/documents/publication/wcms_091225.pdf.





n3.  International Day of Rural Women, supra note 2. Various nations have
commemorated "World Rural Women's Day" since international non-governmental
organizations (NGOs) proposed it in 1995 at the Fourth World Conference on
Women. Id. Food security is defined as "all people, at all times, having
physical, social, and economic access to sufficient, safe, and nutritious food
to meet their dietary needs and food preferences for a healthy and active life."
World Bank et al., Gender in Agriculture Sourcebook 11 (2009) [hereinafter
Sourcebook] (quoting Food & Agric. Org., The State of Food Insecurity in the
World 2001 49 (2001)).





n4.  The U.N. Population Division defines the percentage of rural populations as
the "proportion of the midyear de facto population living in areas not
classified as urban according to the criteria used by each country or area."
U.N. Dep't of Econ. & Soc. Aff., Population Div., Rural Population, Development
and the Environment 2007, at n.7, U.N. Doc. ST/ESA/SER.A/275, U.N. Sales No.
E.08.XIII.10 (2007) [hereinafter Rural Population 2007]. The United Nations
calculates rural and urban populations using national statistical sources based
on the "urban" criteria used by each country or area. Id. The U.S. Census Bureau
similarly defines "rural" as that which is not urban. U.S. Census Bureau, Census
2000 Urban and Rural Classification, http://www.census.gov/geo/www/ua/ua_2k.html
(last visited June 21, 2009) (defining "urban" as including "all territory,
population, and housing units located within an urbanized area (UA) or an urban
cluster (UC)" and delineating the UA and UC boundaries to encompass densely
settled territory, consisting of: "(1) core census block groups or blocks that
have a population density of at least 1,000 people per square mile and (2)
surrounding census blocks that have an overall density of at least 500 people
per square mile"); see also Martin Ravallion et al., New Evidence on the
Urbanization of Global Poverty 3-4 (World Bank, Policy Research Working Paper
No. 4199, 2007) available at
http://siteresources.worldbank.org/INTWDR2008/Resources/2795087-1191427986785/Ra
vallionMEtAl_UrbanizationOfGlobalPoverty.pdf (last visited June 21, 2009)
(commenting on challenges and inconsistencies with the various definitions of
urban and rural).





n5.  Indeed, I commend the editors and planners of this Symposium for using the
term "urban" because so much in law and legal scholarships assumes the urban,
without acknowledging that orientation. See Katherine Porter, Going Broke the
Hard Way: The Economics of Rural Failure, 2005 Wis. L. Rev. 969, 970 (2005)
(arguing that an implicit assumption of legal scholarship is that laws are
assessed by their impact in urban places); Lisa R. Pruitt, Toward a Feminist
Theory of the Rural, 2007 Utah L. Rev. 421 (2007).





n6.  Martha Nussbaum notes the lack of attention to the rural-urban divide and
the power disparities manifest in that binary. See Martha Nussbaum, Frontiers of
Justice 225 (2006).





n7.  See Posting of Lisa Pruitt to Legal Ruralism Blog,
http://legalruralism.blogspot.com/2008/12/yesterday-was-one-of-those-days.html
(Dec. 17, 2008, 19:38 EST) (last visited June 21, 2009) ("Did the world become
more urban than rural yesterday?") (reporting Professor Ronald C. Wimberley's
post to the rural studies listserv of the Rural Sociological Society). The
United States became more urban than rural almost a century ago, as marked by
the 1920 census. Ken Deavers, What is Rural?, 20 Pol'y Stud. J. 183 (1992)
(noting also that by 1990, half of the country's residents lived in metropolitan
areas with populations greater than 1 million); see also Roger A. Lohmann &
Nancy Lohmann, Introduction, in Rural Social Work Practice xi, xv-xvi (Roger A.
Lohmann & Nancy Lohmann eds., 2005) (tracking the conversion of the U.S.
population from rural to urban as reflected in each decennial census between
1900 and 2000).





n8.  I use the term "developing world" in the way the term "the global South" is
often used. See infra note 13 (detailing World Bank and U.N. classifications).





n9.  Press Release, U.N. Food & Agric. Org., Farm Investment Helps Slow
Migration (June 2, 2006)
http://www.FAO.org/newsroom/en/news/2006/1000313/index.html (last visited June
21, 2009).





n10.  Id. In China, for example, over 32% of the 34.1 million migrants during
the period between 1985 and 1990 were internal migrants. See Canfei He &
Patricia Gober, Gendering Interprovincial Migration in China, 37 Int'l Migration
Rev. 1220, 1226 (2003). More recent estimates suggest that about 126 million
rural Chinese workers, 70% of whom are men, now work in cities. All-China's
Women's Federation, Rural Women Left Behind at Home Need Attention, Women of
China, Oct. 8, 2008, www.womenofchina.cn/issues/marriage_family/ 206759.jsp
(last visited June 21, 2009). In Vietnam, 4.3 million were internal migrants,
compared to the 300,000 who migrated abroad. Ronald Skeldon, Migration and
Poverty: Some Issues in the Context of Asia in Int'l Org. for Migration, World
Migration 2005: Costs and Benefits of International Migration 253, 261 n.29
(2005) [hereinafter World Migration 2005]. Richard Blissborrow comments on the
dearth of information about internal migration in developing countries, as well
as the consequences of this knowledge gap for development and other efforts. See
Richard E. Blisborrow, The State of the Art and Overview of the Chapters, in
U.N. Pop. Fund, Migration, Urbanization, and Development: New Directions and
Issues, 3, 21 (Richard E. Blisborrow ed., 1998).





n11.  U.N. Dep't of Econ. & Soc. Aff., Trends in Total Migrant Stock: The 2005
Revision, at 1, U.N. Doc. POP/DB/MIG/Rev.2005/Doc (2006) [hereinafter Migrant
Stock 2005], available at
http://www.un.org/esa/population/publications/migration/
UN_Migrant_Stock_Documentation_2005.pdf. This estimate is based on census data
collected on foreign-born populations living in countries in a given year and
does not reflect the flow of migrants entering countries in a given year. Id. at
8; see also Nicola Piper, International Migration and Gendered Axes of
Stratification, in New Perspectives on Gender and Migration: Livelihood, Rights
and Entitlements 1, 4 (Nicola Piper ed., 2008) [hereinafter New Perspectives]
(noting that "most surveys [of international migration] underestimate those
entering in an irregular manner and the undocumented as well as the extent of
transient circulation"). Female migrants from developing countries make up about
46% of all migrants, a proportion that has remained fairly stable since 1960.
Migrant Stock 2005, supra, at 3. Female migrants constitute almost 50% of all
migrants. Nicola Piper & Keiko Yamanaka, Feminised Migration in East and
Southeast Asia, in New Perspectives, supra note 11, at 159, 164. Increasingly,
women are migrating independently for employment. U.N. Dep't of Econ. & Soc.
Aff., Div. for the Advancement of Women, Rural Women in a Changing World:
Opportunities and Challenges 20 (Oct. 2008) [hereinafter Rural Women], available
at
http://www.un.org/womenwatch/daw/public/Women%202000%20-%20Rural%20Women%20web%2
0English.pdf (last visited June 21, 2009). Today, more migrants move temporarily
for longer periods of time and eventually return to their home countries. Irena
Omelaniuk & Thomas Lothar Weiss, Introduction: Migration Challenges in the 21st
Century, in World Migration 2005, supra note 10, at 13, 14.





n12.  Rural Population 2007, supra note 4.





n13.  U.N. Dept. Econ. & Soc. Aff., Population Div., Urban and Rural Areas 2007,
U.N. Doc. ST/ESA/SER.A/276, U.N. Sales No.E.08.XIII.13 (2008) [hereinafter Urban
and Rural Areas 2007]. The World Bank classifies countries as low-income,
middle-income and high-income economies based on their gross national income
(GNI) per capita. It notes that low-and middle-income economies are sometimes
referred to as developing countries. However, the World Bank acknowledges that
"the term is used for convenience; it is not intended to imply that all
economies in the group are experiencing similar development or that other
economies have reached a preferred or final stage of development." World Bank,
2008 World Development Indicators xxi (2008). The U.N. Population Division uses
two other categories: "less developed regions" and "least developed countries."
Urban and Rural Areas 2007, supra. The first category is broader, while "least
developed countries" is a subset encompassing fifty countries. Id. Less
developed regions include Africa, Asia (excluding Japan), Latin America, the
Caribbean, Melanesia, Micronesia, and Polynesia. Id. The United Nations
characterizes the least developed countries as the "poorest and weakest segment
of the international community." Third U.N. Conference on the Least Developed
Countries, Brussels, Belg., May 14-20, 2001, Programme of Action for the Least
Developed Countries P 1, U.N. Doc. A/CONF. 191/11 (June 8, 2001) ("These
countries are characterized by their exposure to a series of vulnerabilities and
constraints such as limited human, institutional and productive capacity ...
limited access to education, health, and other social services ... poor
infrastructure; and lack of access to information and communication
technologies.").





n14.  U.N. Dept. Econ. & Soc. Aff., Population Div., World Urbanization
Prospects: The 2007 Revision, Executive Summary 4 (2007), available at
http://www.un.org/esa/population/publications/wup2007/ 2007WUP_ExecSum_web.pdf
(last visited June 21, 2009) [hereinafter World Urbanization Prospects].





n15.  Id. (noting that urban inhabitants grew from 18% of the total population
in 1950, to 27% in 1975, and to 44% in 2007).





n16.  See Jeffrey Sachs, The End of Poverty: Economic Possibilities of Our Time
38 (2005) ("Modern economic growth involves urbanization, changing gender roles,
increased social mobility, changing family structures, and increasing
specialization."); see also Kwasi Nsiah-Gyabaah, Urbanization Processes -
Environmental and Health Effects in Africa, Contribution to
Population-Environment Research Network Cyberseminar on Urban Spatial Expansion
1-2 (2004), available at
www.populationenvironmentresearch.org/seminars112004.jsp (noting that
urbanization results from "changes in land use and transformation from rural to
metropolitan pattern of organization and governance" and that "urbanization
processes are largely driven by market forces and government policies" that
often favor urban residents over rural ones, thereby pulling the latter into the
former); Elena Irwin, Market Forces and Urban Expansion, Contribution to
Population-Environment Research Network Cyberseminar on Urban Spatial Expansion
1 (2004) (seeing economic growth and urbanization as inextricably linked and
noting that the former "often implies the conversion of rural land to urban uses
(residential, commercial and industrial) as regional economies transition from
an agrarian-based economy to an urban economy based on industry and services").





n17.  In Africa, rural-to-urban migration accounted for half of the urban growth
during the 1960s and 1970s. In Brazil, over 20 million rural migrants moved to
urban areas at the peak of the urbanization process. In India, 20.5 million
rural people moved to urban areas in the 1990s. Somik V. Lall et al.,
Rural-Urban Migration in Developing Countries: A Survey of Theoretical
Predictions and Empirical Findings 3 (World Bank, Policy Research Working Paper
No. 3915, 2006).





n18.  See infra notes 29-40 and accompanying text.





n19.  IFAD, Rural Poverty Report 2001: The Challenge of Ending Rural Poverty 15
(2001) [hereinafter Rural Poverty Report] (noting that 75% of the 1.2 billion
people living in poverty live and work in rural areas and defining "poverty" as
living on less than one dollar per day); see also infra note 399.





n20.  See sources cited infra note 35 and accompanying text.





n21.  Jeffrey Sachs, Common Wealth: Economics for a Crowded Planet 27 (2008);
cf. Idriss Jazairy et al., The State of World Rural Poverty: An Inquiry into its
Causes and Consequences 78 (1992) (noting that "internal migration ... converts
the rural poor into urban poor").





n22.  Lall et al., supra note 17, at 4.





n23.  Id.





n24.  But see sources cited infra note 87 (detailing recent reverse migration
caused by constricting economies).





n25.  See sources cited supra note 10 and accompanying text.





n26.  World Urbanization Prospects, supra note 14, at 3 (showing that the rural
population grew from 1.4 billion in 1950 to over 3 billion in 2007).





n27.  Between 1950 and 1975, the rural populations of less developed regions
increased by almost 2% annually; in more developed regions they decreased by
0.44% annually. Between 1975 and 2007, rural populations in less developed
regions increased by slightly more than 1%, and in more developed regions they
decreased by 0.32%. During this period, urban populations increased in both
developed and less developed regions. Id. at 3; see also Lohmann & Lohmann,
supra note 7, at xv-xvi.





n28.  Jazairy et al., supra note 21, at 74. In some countries, population growth
and inheritance laws result in land fragmentation to the point that plots become
too small to support a family. In Syria, for example, the population doubles
every 20 years. This growth, in conjunction with inheritance laws, makes it
difficult for households to survive, driving male family members to Jordan and
Lebanon to work in the higher paying construction industry. See Malika
Abdelali-Martini et al., Towards a Feminization of Agricultural Labour in
Northwest Syria, 30 J. Peasant Stud. 71, 73, 86, 88 (2003). The women left
behind increasingly work on their own family farms and as hired labor on other
farms. Id. at 73, 91.





n29.  See Thomas A. Lyson, Global Capital and the Transformation of Rural
Communities 292 in Handbook of Rural Studies (Paul Cloke et al. eds., 2006).
This is true not only with respect to the developing world, but also the
developed world. See, e.g., Communities of Work: Rural Restructuring in Global
and Local Contexts (William W. Falk et al. eds., 2003); Lisa R. Pruitt, Gender,
Geography and Rural Justice, 23 Berkeley J. Gender, L. & Justice 338 (2008).





n30.  Int'l Labour Org., World Comm'n on the Soc. Dimension of Globalization, A
Fair Globalization: Creating Opportunities for All 17 (2004), available at
http://www.ilo.org/public/english/wcsdg/docs/report.pdf (last visited June 21,
2009) [hereinafter A Fair Globalization] (citing the example of China).





n31.  Id. (citing the example of India); see also Sachs, supra note 21, at
219-20.





n32.  The phenomena of emigration from rural areas and subsequent remittances
illustrate the close link between the survival of rural residents and the
well-being of the urban and the global economies. The ripple effects of the
current economic downturn, for example, reach beyond urban spaces to affect
rural areas. See infra note 66 and accompanying text.





n33.  Rural Women, supra note 11, at 7; see also Saskia Sassen, The Mobility of
Labor and Capital: A Study in International Investment and Labor Flow 96
(Cambridge Univ. Press 1988) (noting that less developed countries experienced
rapid economic growth, partly as a consequence of developed countries'
investment, but with limited internal markets, these countries must export their
products).





n34.  Rural Poverty Report, supra note 19, at vi (noting that as countries adopt
policies based on market forces, including abolition of commodity boards and
domestic agricultural trade rules, "poor farmers are more fully exposed to the
demands of markets" and vulnerable to their volatility); see also Carmen G.
Gonzalez, Trade Liberalization, Food Security, and the Environment: The
Neoliberal Threat to Sustainable Rural Development, 14 Transnat'l L. & Contemp.
Probs. 419, pt. III.B (2004) (explaining "neoliberal trade reform" and its
negative consequences for developing nations).





n35.  Sassen, supra note 33, at 96-97. But see Sachs, supra note 21, at 27
(asserting that rural-to-urban migration is not a result of increased
agricultural productivity).





n36.  Sassen, supra note 33, at 98. While direct foreign investment stimulated
economic growth and increased the number of jobs in the less developed
countries, unemployment rose as large segments of previously nonworking women
joined the labor force. Id. at 19. The mass introduction of women into the labor
force, concurrent with rapid industrialization, disrupted traditional work
structures and indirectly induced male migration. Id.





n37.  See A Fair Globalization, supra note 30, at 47-48 (noting that "trade
liberalization has often allowed the import of subsidized agricultural products
and consumer goods that have wiped out the livelihoods of women producers;" that
farming women frequently cannot compete with foreign firms for raw materials;
and finally, that biases against women producers and/or the micro-enterprise
sector make it difficult for them to enter into new economic activities
generated by globalization).





n38.  Id. (noting that women may also be unable to compete with foreign firms
for raw materials).





n39.  Id.





n40.  See Saskia Sassen, Two Stops in Today's New Global Geographies: Shaping
Novel Labor Supplies and Employment Regimes, 52 Am. Behavioral Scientist 457,
466 (2008) [hereinafter Sassen, New Global Geographies] (reporting 1992 debt
levels for the developing South at $ 1.4 trillion, with debt servicing payments
exceeding the principal, at $ 1.6 million). For example, Zambia paid $ 1.3
billion in debt but only $ 37 million on primary education; Uganda paid $ 9 per
capita on debt and only $ 1 per capita for health care. A great deal of research
documents the disproportionate impact that such debt has on programs for women
and children. Other research shows that the debt policies have worsened the
situation for the unemployed and the poor. See id. at 466-67; see also Lourdes
Beneria & Shelley Feldman, Unequal Burden: Economic Crises, Persistent Poverty,
and Women's Work (1992) (highlighting the burden borne by women following the
debt crisis and national restructuring); Joan Fitzpatrick & Katrina R. Kelly,
Gendered Aspects of Migration: Law and the Female Migrant, 22 Hastings Int'l &
Comp. L. Rev. 47, 98 n.254 (1998).





n41.  See infra notes 128-136, 397 and accompanying text.





n42.  U.N. Convention to Combat Desertification, Fact Sheet 2: The Causes of
Desertification 1 (2008), available at
http://www.unccd.int/publicinfo/factsheets/menu.php (last visited June 21, 2009)
[hereinafter UNCCD Fact Sheet].





n43.  IFAD has funded some innovative projects utilizing local knowledge of the
land to curtail desertification and restore fertility of the land. See generally
Jeanette D. Gurung et al., Gender and Desertification: Expanding Roles for Women
to Restore Drylands (2006).





n44.  IFAD, Fact Sheet on Desertification 2 (2008) [hereinafter IFAD on
Desertification]. Climate change accelerates desertification, just as loss of
vegetation from desertification aggravates climate change. Id.; see also UNCCD
Fact Sheet, supra note 42, at 1-2.





n45.  About one-third of the earth's surface is arid or semi-arid. IFAD, Rural
Poverty and Desertification, available at
http://www.ruralpovertyportal.org/web/guest/topic/home/tags/ desertification
(last visited June 21, 2009).





n46.  UNCCD Fact Sheet, supra note 42, at 1.





n47.  Extreme weather events in 2005-07, including drought and floods, caused
world production of cereal to decline because of low crop yields. FAO, The State
of Food Insecurity in the World 2008: High Food Prices and Food Security -
Threats and Opportunities 10 (2008) [hereinafter Food Insecurity Report]. In
combination with other factors, this decline in production increased food
prices. Id.





n48.  IFAD on Desertification, supra note 44, at 1; UNCCD Fact Sheet, supra note
42, at 2.





n49.  See Sourcebook, supra note 3, at 316-19; Gurung et al., supra note 43, at
4; see also Redouane Saadi, Migration Dynamics and Dialogue in the Western
Mediterranean, in World Migration 2005, supra note 10, at 75, 76 (reporting that
urbanization and drought-related land degradation contributed to mass
rural-urban migration in Mauritania); Constantina Safilios-Rothschild,
Agricultural Policies and Women Producers, in Gender, Work & Population in
Sub-Saharan Africa 54 (Aderanti Adepoju & Christine Oppong eds., 1994),
reprinted in Women and Law in Sub-Saharan Africa 514 (Cynthia Bowman & Akua
Kuenyehia, eds., 2003) (discussing a period of rapid population growth,
partitioning of land among sons, and increased availability and profitability of
non-farm employment for men in 1980s sub-Saharan Africa, culminating in a shift
in land management authority from men to women).





n50.  IFAD on Desertification, supra note 44, at 2 (noting that "if the rate of
desertification remains unchecked, an estimated 50 million people will be
displaced in the next 10 years").





n51.  Sourcebook, supra note 3, at 475-76.





n52.  Food Insecurity Report, supra note 47, at 27.





n53.  Rural Women, supra note 11, at 16.





n54.  Sourcebook, supra note 3, at 1, 319.





n55.  Id. at 426; Rural Women, supra note 11, at 10. The tasks generally
designated to rural women often fill 16 hours a day. Their responsibilities
include farm work, household chores, earning income to supplement family
incomes, and care of children and elderly. Sourcebook, supra note 3, at 289; see
also Jazairy et al., supra note 21, at 79; Lall et al., supra note 17, at 41.





n56.  Food Insecurity Report, supra note 47, at 27 (noting that female-headed
households also struggle because they spend more, proportionally, on food); see
also Rural Women, supra note 11, at 16.





n57.  Rural Women, supra note 11, at 18.





n58.  IFAD, Roundtable 1: Migration and Rural Employment, at 1, IFAD Doc. GC
30/INF.4 (Feb. 2, 2007).





n59.  Skeldon, supra note 10, at 258 ("An assessment in China has shown that the
loss of labour due to out-migration can have a negative impact on incomes from
cropping, but has no impact on crop yields.").





n60.  IFAD, Roundtable 1: Migration and Rural Employment, supra note 58, at 1.





n61.  Dhananjayan Sriskandarajah, Global Comm'n on Int'l Migration, Migration
and Development 5 (2005), available at
http://www.gcim.org/mm/File/ThematicStudy4.pdf.





n62.  See infra note 375 and accompanying text.





n63.  Lall et al., supra note 17, at 5 (noting that the absence of a rural
credit market can drive migration) (citing Katz and Stark, Labor Migration and
Risk Aversion in Less Developed Countries, 4 J. Labor Econ. 134 (1986)).





n64.  Lall et al., supra note 17, at 41 (citing a study of South African
migration and remittances). In Senegal, some families use remittances to
purchase or rent irrigated land to cultivate crops, such as millet and maize. In
Ghana, several families invested in agricultural land by entering into long-term
leases to cultivate mangos, cashews, and pineapples for export. Lorenzo Cotula
et al., Till to the Tiller: Linkages between International Remittances and
Access to Land in West Africa 35 passim (FAO, LSP Working Paper No. 14, 2004).
Of course, remittances do not always lead to positive investment in agricultural
productivity. IFAD on Desertification, supra note 44, at 1.





n65.  See infra notes 74-76 and accompanying text.





n66.  Sassen, New Global Geographies, supra note 40, at 466.





n67.  Id. at 470.





n68.  Id. at 469. Remittances to developing countries reached $ 265 billion in
2007, and are estimated to have reached $ 283 billion in 2008. Of the top ten
remittance-receiving countries, India receives the most overall ($ 30 billion)
while Tajikistan receives the highest amount proportional to its GDP (45%). See
Dilip Ratha et al., Outlook for Remittances Flows 2008-2010: Growth Expected to
Moderate Significantly, But Flows to Remain Resilient (World Bank, Development
Prospects Group, Migration and Development Brief No. 8, 2008), available at
http://siteresources.worldbank.org/INTPROSPECTS/Resources/
334934-1110315015165/MD_Brief8.pdf (last visited June 21, 2009).





n69.  See Oded Stark & David Levhari, On Migration and Risks in LDCs, 31 Econ.
Dev. & Cultural Change 191 (1982) (applying risk-assessment and rational choice
theory to rural-urban migration).





n70.  Kathleen Newland, Migration Policy Institute, A New Surge of Interest in
Migration and Development, Migration Information Source (February 2007),
http://www.migrationinformation.org/feature/display.cfm?Id=580 (last visited
June 21, 2009).





n71.  Cotula et al., supra note 64, at 12-13.





n72.  Id.





n73.  Meera Sethi, Migration Trends in Sub-Saharan Africa, in World Migration
33, 40 (2005).





n74.  Id.





n75.  Newland, supra note 70; cf. sources cited supra note 64 (providing
examples of long-term investment of remittance income).





n76.  See Sriskandarajah, supra note 61, at 20 (reporting that "the majority of
remittances are spent on ... consumption goods ... improving housing and buying
durable goods, but generally only a small part is spent on investing in
productive uses. One survey suggests that just 6% of remittances sent home by
the African diaspora is reinvested"). Generally, women are more likely to invest
in housing, health, and education, while men are more likely to spend on
consumer items. Remittances sent by women have also been used to improve housing
and to invest in agricultural inputs, such as cattle or fertilizers. Rural
Women, supra note 11, at 22; New Perspectives, supra note 11, at 12-13.





n77.  New Perspectives, supra note 11, at 10. Remittances tend to reduce the
percentage of poor people: 11% reduction in Uganda, 6% in Bangladesh and 5% in
Ghana. Studies show that school dropout rates in El Salvador and Sri Lanka have
declined in remittance-receiving households. Dilip Ratha & Sanket Mohapatra,
Increasing the Macroeconomic Impact of Remittances and Development (Paper for
the World Bank, Development Prospects Group, 2007), available at
http://siteresources.worldbank.org/INTPROSPECTS/Resources/334934-1110315015165/I
ncreasing_the_Macro_Impact_ of_Remittances_on_Development.pdf (last visited June
21, 2009).





n78.  See New Perspectives, supra note 11, at 10. In villages where many
households have links with internal migrants, remittances have an equalizing
impact on income distributions, but remittances from international migrants tend
to increase inequality. See Lall et al., supra note 17, at 39; see also Richard
H. Adams, Jr. et al., The Impact of Remittances on Poverty and Inequality in
Ghana 20-21, 23 (World Bank Dev. Econ. Dep't., Dev. Prospects Group, Working
Paper No. 4732, 2008) (finding that, while remittances reduce poverty in Ghana,
international remittances have a greater impact on reducing poverty and
increasing inequality than internal remittances because the former are about
four times greater than the latter; few poor households receive international
remittances); Cotula et al., supra note 64, at 23 (noting, for example, that in
Pakistan international remittances led to increased concentration of land
ownership by upper-income groups). This phenomenon may be explained by the fact
that mostly members of middle-income families migrate internationally because of
the significant resources required to do so. Nancy Hart et al., FAO Sustainable
Agricultural and Rural Development (SARD) Policy Brief No. 13, SARD ... and
Rural Migration 1 (2007) (citing FAO, 2006 Role of Agriculture Report,
http://www.fao-ilo.org/ and-more/migration/en/); Omelaniuk & Weiss, supra note
11, at 18 (noting that "families often pool their economic resources to send one
member into the world to improve their lot back home"). The poor, on the other
hand, are likely to be local or regional migrants, or unable to migrate at all.
Finally, remittances tend to induce more migration from rural areas as families
not receiving remittances perceive themselves as deprived relative to other
families in the area. Skeldon, supra note 10, at 255-56; see also Sara Curran &
Abigail Saguy, Migration and Cultural Change: A Role for Gender and Social
Networks?, 2 J. Int'l Women's Stud. 54, 62-65 (2001) (discussing the notion of
relative deprivation as a motivation for migration and arguing that gender roles
influence perceptions of deprivation).





n79.  Cesar Nicolas Penson, Remittances 2007: Gender, Remittances, and
Development 3 (U.N. Int'l Research & Training Inst. for the Advancement of
Women, Working Paper No. 4, 2007).





n80.  Sriskandarajah, supra note 61, at 20 (suggesting that only 6% of
remittances in Africa are used for investment purposes); see also Cotula et al.,
supra note 64, at 48, 39 (documenting a phenomenon in which many migrants in
Ghana and Senegal use remittances to purchase land for residential purposes
rather than for agriculture); id. at 38, 47 (noting further that investment by
Ghanaians and Senegalese migrants focuses on the new urban home rather than in
the former rural one, and that migrants use funds to set up small business in
cities to access potential markets there).





n81.  Sriskandarajah, supra note 61, at 20 (noting a negative correlation
between the size of remittances and economic growth, and arguing that
remittances create disincentives to work in recipient communities).





n82.  Id. (arguing that investment in productive uses can have a multiplier
effect on economic growth and job creation and that consumption spending has a
weaker multiplier effect).





n83.  Cotula et al., supra note 64, at 34 (describing similar public works
contributions by a France-based Senegalese association); Peggy Levitt & Ninna
Snyberg-Sorensen, The Transnational Turn in Migration Studies 5-6 (Global Comm'n
on Int'l Migration, Global Migration Perspectives No. 6, 2004) (describing
contributions by migrants associations in Mexico to public works projects in
coordination with a governmental matching-funds program); Manuel Orozco, Migrant
Hometown Associations (HTAs) - The Human Face of Globalization, in World
Migration 2005, at 279, 279-83 (describing other development projects undertaken
by regional associations).





n84.  Newland, supra note 70.





n85.  Penson, supra note 79, at 2; see also Newland, supra note 70 (noting that
"bad infrastructure, corruption, lack of access to credit, distance from
markets, lack of training in entrepreneurial skills, and disincentives to
savings" all result in reliance on remittances); Omelaniuk & Weiss, supra note
11, at 19 (urging that remittances "be seen as an initial investment ... rather
than a way of life"); Sabrina Tavernise, Bad Times Stall Cash Flow from Tajik
Migrants, N.Y. Times, Dec. 25, 2008, at A1 (quoting Dilip Ratha, World Bank, as
stating that Tajikistan's economy, 54% of which is based on remittances, "is not
sustainable without migration"); Ratha et al., supra note 68, at 3 (listing the
top ten countries that receive remittances as a substantial portion of their
GDP).





n86.  Penson, supra note 79, at 2; see also Ratha et al., supra note 68, at 7-12
(noting that while the World Bank predicts that remittance flows to developing
regions will sharply decline in 2008 and 2009 due to the global financial
crisis, the World Bank predicts that remittances will be relatively resilient
compared to private capital flows or official development aid); Nelson D.
Schwartz, Job Losses Pose a Threat to Stability Worldwide, N. Y. Times, Feb. 15,
2009, at A1, available at http://www.nytimes.com/2009/02/15/business/
15global.html?ref=world (last visited June 21, 2009); Elizabeth Malkin, Money
Sent Home by Mexican Workers in the U.S. Falls Sharply, N.Y. Times, June 2,
2009, at A5, available at
http://www.nytimes.com/2009/06/02/world/americas/02mexico.
html?_r=1&scp=1&sq=migrant%20mexico%20remittance &st=cse (last visited June 21,
2009).





n87.  See Jason Beaubien, Mexican Remittances Fall as U.S. Jobs Are Slashed
(National Public Radio broadcast Nov. 26, 2008); Keith Bradsher, China's
Unemployment Swells as Exports Falter, N.Y. Times, Feb. 6, 2009, at B3
(discussing efforts by the Guangdong Provincial Labor and Social Security Bureau
to encourage migrants to return to rural areas and to ease their
re-integration); Shai Oster, China Fears Restive Migrants As Jobs Disappear in
the Cities, Wall St. J., Dec. 2, 2008, at A1; Edward Wong, Factories Shut, China
Workers Are Suffering, N.Y. Times, Nov. 14, 2008 (detailing the decrease in
remittances and return home of Chinese workers in the wake of massive factory
shutdowns)





n88.  Arturo Escobar, Encountering Development: The Making and Unmaking of the
Third World 173 (1995); see also sources cited supra note 49.





n89.  Escobar, supra note 88, at 173.





n90.  International Day of Rural Women, supra note 2 (citing Int'l Labour Org.,
Global Employment Trends for Women (2008), available at http://www.ilo.org/
wcmsp5/groups/public/---dgreports/---
dcomm/documents/publication/wcms_091225.pdf (last visited June 21, 2009)). By
comparison, 608 million men work in this sector. Id.





n91.  Id. (reporting that 68% and 61% of women who work in Sub-Saharan Africa
and in South Asia, respectively, are employed in agriculture).





n92.  Sourcebook, supra note 3, at 316-19.





n93.  Rural Women, supra note 11, at 9.





n94.  Int'l Labour Org. World Comm'n on the Soc. Dimension of Globalization, A
Fair Globalization: Creating Opportunities for All 47-48 (2004), available at
http://www.ilo.org/public/english/wcsdg/docs/report.pdf (last visited June 21,
2009).





n95.  World Bank Task Force on Science and Technology in Securing Food in the
21st Century, Investing in Science for Agriculture & Rural Development in the
21st Century: Challenges, Issues and Options 1 (Working Paper No. 24538, July
2002) (citing M. Rosengrant et al., Global Food Projections to 2020, Emerging
Trends and Alternative Futures (2001) [hereinafter Investing in Science for
Agriculture & Rural Development].





n96.  World Urbanization Prospects, supra note 14, at 1 (projecting the world
population to reach 9.2 billion in 2050).





n97.  Food security is a right enumerated in the Universal Declaration of Human
Rights and amplified by Article 11 of the International Covenant on Economic,
Social and Cultural Rights. Sourcebook, supra note 3, at 19.





n98.  Investing in Science for Agriculture & Rural Development, supra note 95,
at 1; see also Gonzalez, supra note 34, at 420 (reporting 852 million
undernourished people in the world based on FAO data).





n99.  Rural Poverty Report, supra note 19, at 15; see also Food Insecurity
Report, supra note 47, at 33.





n100.  Rural Poverty Report, supra note 19, at 15.





n101.  Axel Wolz, Global Donor Platform for Rural Dev., The Role of Agriculture
and Rural Development in Achieving the Millennium Development Goals 4-5 (2005),
available at http://www.donorplatform.org/component/option,com_
docman/task,doc_details/gid,219/ (last visited June 21, 2009).





n102.  Sourcebook, supra note 3, at 17.





n103.  Id. (explaining that "(1) women make food choices and purchases (2) women
are involved in food production (3) women are usually involved in selling food
in local markets.").





n104.  Id.





n105.  Id. at 12.





n106.  Id. at 17; see also Amartya Sen, Poverty and Famines: An Essay on
Entitlement and Deprivation 1-2 (1981); Gonzalez, supra note 34, at 422
(discussing Sen's assertion that hunger is a function of poverty, not food
scarcity); id. at 428-29 (discussing Sen's work and food security as a matter of
the ability to command food using legal means, meaning that food security is
less determined by scarcity or plenty than by the "institutions that determine
how available food is distributed").





n107.  Gonzalez, supra note 34, at 428-29.





n108.  Id. (noting that this is especially true for poor rural women).





n109.  Rural Poverty Report, supra note 19.





n110.  Id.





n111.  Id.





n112.  Jazairy et al., supra note 21, at 217-19 tbls. 8.5-8.6.





n113.  Rural Poverty Report, supra note 19, at iv.





n114.  Id. at iv, 2.





n115.  World Bank, Reaching The Rural Poor: A Renewed Strategy for Rural
Development 10-11 (Report No. 26763, 2003) [hereinafter Reaching the Rural
Poor]. The World Bank's lending to the rural sector comprised 25% of total
lending ($ 5 billion annually), while only 11% was dedicated to projects coded
for urban development. The Bank estimates, however, that the remaining funds,
which cannot be attributed to either urban or rural spaces, "predominantly
focused on city dwellers." Id.





n116.  Id.





n117.  Rural Poverty Report, supra note 19, at 71.





n118.  Reaching the Rural Poor, supra note 115, at 40.





n119.  FAO, Socio-Economic Analysis and Policy Implications of the Roles of
Agriculture in Developing Countries: Research Programme Summary Report 2004, at
4-5 (2004).





n120.  Id. at 12-13 (listing related sectors, including mechanization and repair
services, input supplies, and transportation).





n121.  Food Insecurity Report, supra note 47, at 35.





n122.  Id. at 33.





n123.  Id. at 35 (defining small farms as under two hectares).





n124.  Id. at 33.





n125.  Id. at 35.





n126.  See Jazairy et al., supra note 21, at 69; Michael Lipton, Urban Bias, in
Encyclopedia of International Development 724, 724 (Tim Forsyth ed., 2005);
Wolz, supra note 101, at 10.





n127.  In Tanzania, for example, 86% of the nation's population was rural, but
only 25% of government expenditure went to rural areas. Rural Poverty Report,
supra note 19, at 15. Similarly, Pakistan spent less than 10% on the rural
sector, where 71% of the population lived. Jazairy et al., supra note 21, at
217-19.





n128.  Balakrishnan Rajagopal, Counter-Hegemonic International Law: Rethinking
Human Rights and Development as a Third World Strategy, in International Law and
the Third World: Reshaping Justice 63, 71 (Richard Falk et al. eds., 2008).





n129.  Id. (noting use of development during the Cold War as a means of limiting
the communist threat and resistance efforts in the rural countryside).





n130.  Escobar, supra note 88, at 161 (quoting World Bank Rural Development
Sector Policy Paper, Washington D.C. (1975)).





n131.  See id. at 157 (quoting DNP/UEA Experiencias de la Fase I del Programa
DRI y Recomendaciones para la Fase II (1982)).





n132.  Id. at 155; see also Ruth E. Gordon & John H. Sylvester, Deconstructing
Development, 22 Wis. Int'l L.J. 1, 17 n.63 (2004) (illustrating the danger of
blindly favoring supposedly good, modern techniques over local agriculture in
developing countries).





n133.  Contra Sachs, supra note 21, at 219-20 (declaring that "India's challenge
... is to transform a densely populated subcontinent of subsistence farmers into
a modern and largely urban society"); id. at 26-27 (citing the United States as
an example of the benefits of intensive production agriculture because very few
persons produce sufficient food for the remainder of the population).





n134.  Escobar, supra note 88, at 162 ("Rural development discourse repeats the
same relations that has defined development discourse since its emergence: the
fact that development is about growth, about capital, about technology, about
becoming modern."); see also infra notes 402-404 and accompanying text
(detailing the parallel, ongoing debate in the United States between aesthetic
and intensive production agriculture).





n135.  Michael Lipton, Urban Bias, in Encyclopedia of International Development,
supra note 126, at 724-25 (referring to disproportionate allocation of resources
to cities and towns, but also a "disposition among the powerful to allocate
resources in such a way"); see also Michael Lipton, Why Poor People Stay Poor:
The Urban Bias in World Development (1977).





n136.  See Sachs, supra note 21, at 26-27 (citing the United States as an
example).





n137.  See Escobar, supra note 88, at 171; see also supra notes 399-403 and
accompanying text.





n138.  See Escobar, supra note 88, at 171-72 (quoting Carolyn Sachs, Women: The
Invisible Farmers (1985)).





n139.  Id. at 172; see also infra note 302.





n140.  Escobar, supra note 88, at 172; see also id. at 173-74 (detailing a case
study in the Cauca Valley, Colombia, in which women's societal status was
diminished as a direct result of development intervention); Sourcebook, supra
note 3, at 16, 175, 264 (observing that farms managed by women are typically
less mechanized and lower in productivity than those managed by men);
Fitzpatrick & Kelly, supra note 40, at 98 n.254 (arguing that International
Monetary Fund structural adjustment policies tended to undermine women's status
by requiring States to reduce spending on social programs and eliminate
subsidies for basic commodities).





n141.  Sourcebook, supra note 3, at 16 (reporting that women are often omitted
from capacity development such as agriculture technology transfer because of the
expectation that husbands and fathers will share the information with them).





n142.  Id.; see also Escobar, supra note 88, at 173-74 (discussing Colombian
case study). "Extension services" refers to expert advice regarding farming
techniques. These services are often provided by the State, but may also be
delivered by NGOs. See Sourcebook, supra note 3, at 265 (describing extension
services as providing information and training); U.S. Department of Agriculture,
Cooperative State Research, Education, and Extention Service,
http://www.csrees.usda.gov/qlinks/extension.html (last visited June, 3, 2009)
(describing extension services provided by the U.S. Department of Agriculture to
farmers in the United States).





n143.  Convention for the Elimination of all Forms of Discrimition Against
Women, G.A. Res. 34/180, U.N. GAOR Supp., 34th Sess., Supp. No. 46 at 193, U.N.
Doc. A/34/46, entered into force Sept. 3, 1981.





n144.  Simone Cusack & Rebecca J. Cook, Combating Discrimination Based on Sex
and Gender, in International Protection of Human Rights: A Textbook 205
(Catarina Krause & Martin Scheinin eds., forthcoming 2009) (citing CEDAW, supra
note 143, pmbl. P 6).





n145.  CEDAW art. 4(1); U.N. doc. HRI/GEN/1Rev.8, at 337-45, P 4; see also
Cusack & Cook, supra note 144, at 206 (citing CEDAW, supra note 143, General
Recommendation no. 25, at 4).





n146.  U.N. CEDAW States Parties,
http://www.un.org/womenwatch/daw/cedaw/states.htm (last visited June 21, 2009)
(noting that States may ratify CEDAW with reservations by declaring that certain
parts of the Treaty are not binding on them).





n147.  U.N. CEDAW States Parties, supra note 146. The United States has twice
considered ratification of CEDAW, most recently in 2002, but has yet to ratify
the treaty. See Sally Engle Merry, Human Rights & Gender Violence: Translating
International Law into Local Justice 79 (2006); see also Julia Ernst, U.S.
Ratification of the Convention on The Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination
Against Women, 3 Mich. J. Gender & L. 299, 333 (1995) (noting that Article 14(2)
might require additional federal spending on, for example, healthcare programs).





n148.  CEDAW, supra note 143, art. 14(1).





n149.  Article 10 also mentions rural women and deals specifically with ensuring
women have equal rights in the field of education. It provides in relevant part:



   States Parties shall take all appropriate measures to eliminate
discrimination against women in order to ensure to them equal rights with men in
the field of education and in particular to ensure, on a basis of equality of
men and women:



The same conditions for career and vocational guidance, for access to studies
and for the achievement of diplomas in educational establishments of all
categories in rural as well as in urban areas; this equality shall be ensured in
pre-school, general, technical, professional and higher technical education, as
well as in all types of vocational training.

 CEDAW, supra note 143, art. 10(a). Article 10 changed considerably over the
course of its drafting, as suggested replacements for words often resulted in
the inclusion of both words in the final text (e.g., "career and vocational
guidance"). Lars Adam Rehof, Guide to the Travaux Preparatoires of the UN
Convention on Discrimination Against Women 112 (1993). There is no clear
indication of the reason behind the specific inclusion of rural women in this
section, though earlier mention of the applicability of Articles 10 and 14 to
rural women in particular had been made in Draft 4 in 1974. It was in this draft
that Article 10's education rights were applied to women in "rural as well as
urban areas." Id. at 153. Finland found this term too ambitious, noting the
impossibility of establishing universities in both rural and urban areas of the
country. ECOSOC, Draft Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of
Discrimination Against Women, P 115, U.N. Doc. E/CN.6/591 (June 21, 1976).





n150.  CEDAW, supra note 143, art. 14(2).





n151.  Zagorka Illic, Reporting Requirements Under Article 14, in United Nations
Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR): Manual on Human Rights Reporting,
at 305, U.N. Doc. HR/PUB 91/1, U.N. Sales No. E.91.XIV.1 (1991).





n152.  CEDAW, supra note 143, art. 12.





n153.  See Rehof, supra note 149, at 159 (noting France's proposal that rural
women enjoy the right to social security "when such a system exists in rural
areas, at least for wage-earners"). Japan noted the lack of provision for social
security for urban women who were not employed. Rehof, supra note 149, at 161
(citing U.N. Doc. A/C.3/33/L.47/Add.1, P 172-74). The FAO urged the Commission
on the Status of Women to give greater consideration to rural women -
particularly those working in agriculture - within Article 11, which focuses on
women's employment. Id. at 154.

   The association of rurality with the non-cash economy has persisted in the
United States. See Pruitt, supra note 29, at 352. This Article 14 provision
mandating social security for rural women might also be seen as suggesting the
absence of law in rural places. Informal employment situations are common in
rural places, and they are often accompanied by a lack of compliance with laws
such as those regarding state-mandated benefits. See also infra notes 350-353
(discussing the relative absence of law and legal actors in rural places).





n154.  Illic, supra note 151, at 305.





n155.  Rehof, supra note 149, at 153.





n156.  Id.





n157.  Id. at 154.





n158.  The U.N. Branch for the Advancement of Women clarified the reason for
including "access to health care and family planning services" in Article
14(2)(b), explaining that health resources often did not reach this population,
even when intended for them. Id. at 158-59 (citing U.N. Doc.
A/C.3/SS/L.47/Add.1, P 149).





n159.  But see Rehof, supra note 149, at 154 (noting Finland's concern about the
difficulty of providing equal access to higher education in rural and urban
places).





n160.  See id. at 155-61.





n161.  Id. at 156.





n162.  Id. The drafters discussed the issue of having provisions dealing with
rural women apply also to urban women. Id. at 161. See Comm. for the Elimination
of all Forms of Discrimination Against Women, Initial Report of States Parties:
South Africa, U.N. Doc. CEDAW/C/ZAF/1 (Feb. 25, 1998) [hereinafter South Africa]
("The separation of rural women raises the question as to why other marginalized
or vulnerable groupings - for example, those living in informal settlements, the
disabled, the girl child - were not similarly separated. This issue perhaps
needs to be considered by CEDAW.").





n163.  The Secretary-General, Report of the Secretary-General on the Draft
Convention of Discrimination Against Women, add. 2, P 16, delivered to the
General Assembly, U.N. Doc. A/32/218/Add.2 (Sept. 21, 1977) [hereinafter
Secretary-General Report on CEDAW].





n164.  See Rehof, supra note 149, at 158-61 (summarizing the country
representatives' revisions and concerns with respect to each subsection of
Article 14).





n165.  CEDAW, supra note 143, arts. 14.2(a), (g).





n166.  Secretary-General Report on CEDAW, supra note 163, P 140.





n167.  Id. P 154; see also Rehof, supra note 149, at 161 (citing U.N. Doc.
A/C.3/ 32/WG.1/CRP.6/Add.2, P 20) (detailing the participation of Kenya and the
Netherlands, among others).





n168.  Rehof, supra note 149, at 160 (citing U.N. Doc. A/C.3/33/L.47/Add.1, PP
164, 166).





n169.  Id.





n170.  Id. at 160 (noting also that the USSR promoted a more general approach,
encompassing "different economic activies" rather than cooperatives and
self-help groups).





n171.  Id. (citing U.N. Doc. A/C.3/33/L.47/Add.1, PP 160-62, 171).





n172.  Id.





n173.  Merry, supra note 147, at 80.





n174.  Id. (quoting Hanna Beate Schopp-Schilling, CEDAW: A Key Instrument for
Promoting Human Rights of Women, Address Delivered in St. Petersburg (Nov. 13,
2000)); see also Cusack & Cook, supra note 144, at 208-09 (expanding on the
scope of state obligations under CEDAW and asserting the power and significance
of the Convention).





n175.  Merry, supra note 147, at 80 (quoting Schopp-Schilling, supra n. 174).





n176.  CEDAW, supra note 143, art. 18.





n177.  Id. art. 18(1). In addition to Article 18's reporting requirements, the
United Nations Development Fund for Women published guidelines in 2006 that
elaborate on how government budgets and budget policy-making processes can be
monitored for compliance with human rights standards, particularly with CEDAW.
See generally Diane Elson, Budgeting for Women's Rights: Monitoring Government
Budgets for Compliance with CEDAW (U.N. Dev. Fund 2006). Other guidelines are
available to assist States in preparing these reports; they encourage the
initial report to be a "detailed and comprehensive description ... [and] to
provide a benchmark against which subsequent progress can be measured." See U.N.
Div. for the Advancement of Women, CEDAW Reporting,
http://www.un.org/womenwatch/daw/cedaw/reporting.htm#guidelines (last visited
May 18, 2009).





n178.  CEDAW, supra note 143, art. 18(2).





n179.  See Comm. on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against
Women, Ways and Means of Expediting the Work of the Committee on the Elimination
of Discrimination against Women, U.N. Doc. CEDAW/C/2007/I/4/Add.1 (Oct. 25,
2006), available at http://www.un.org/womenwatch/daw/cedaw/37sess.htm#documents
(last visited June 21, 2009).





n180.  See Upendra Baxi, What May the "Third World' Expect from International
Law?, in International Law and the Third World: Reshaping Justice, supra note
128, at 9, 17; Amanda Ulrich, Can the World's Poorest Women Be Saved?: A
Critical Third World Feminist Analysis of the CEDAW and Alternative Approaches
to Women's Economic Empowerment, 45 Alta L. Rev. 477, 492-93 (2007) (arguing
that CEDAW's "failure to take into account the status and societal context of
rural woman" makes it unlikely to help rural women reach their full economic
potential without attention to local practices concerning power structures,
co-ops, and other self-help groups).





n181.  Hilary Charlesworth & Christine Chinkin, The Boundaries of International
Law: A Feminist Analysis 122 (Dominick McGoldrick ed., 2000).





n182.  Id.





n183.  Laboni Amena Hoq, The Women's Convention and its Optional Protocol:
Empowering Women To Claim Their Internationally Protected Rights, 32 Colum. Hum.
Rights. L. Rev. 677, 687 (2001).





n184.  Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of
Discrimination Against Women, G.A. Res. 54/4, U.N. Doc. A/54/49 (2000) entered
into force Dec. 22, 2000 [hereinafter OP-CEDAW].





n185.  U.N. Div. for the Advancement of Women, Why an Optional Protocol?,
http://www.un.org/womenwatch/daw/cedaw/protocol/why.htm [hereinafter Why an
Optional Protocol?].





n186.  Inter-Parliamentary Union & U.N. Div. for the Advancement of Women, The
Convention on the Elimination of all Forms of Discrimination Against Women and
its Optional Protocol 73 (2003).





n187.  OP-CEDAW, supra note 184, art. 6. The complaints may not be made
anonymously. Id. Complaints may not be made based on events that pre-date a
State's adoption of the Optional Protocol. Id. art. 4(2)(e). The Committee has,
to date, issued decisions on 10 complaints. U.N. Div. for the Advancement of
Women, CEDAW: Decisions/Views,
http://www.un.org/womenwatch/daw/cedaw/protocol/dec-views.htm (last visited June
21, 2009) [hereinafter CEDAW: Decisions/Views].





n188.  Why an Optional Protocol?, supra note 185.





n189.  OP-CEDAW, supra note 184, art. 13.





n190.  Why an Optional Protocol? supra note 185.





n191.  See CEDAW: Decisions/Views, supra note 187.





n192.  Comm. for the Elimination of all Forms of Discrimination Against Women,
Combined Fifth and Sixth Periodic Reports of States Parties: China, U.N. Doc.
CEDAW/ C/CHN/5-6 (June 10, 2004) [hereinafter China]





n193.  Comm. for the Elimination of all Forms of Discrimination Against Women,
Combined Third, Fourth and Fifth Periodic Reports of States Parties: Ghana, U.N.
Doc. CEDAW/C/GHA/3-5 (Apr. 18, 2005) [hereinafter Ghana].





n194.  Comm. for the Elimination of all Forms of Discrimination Against Women,
Combined Second and Third Periodic Reports of States Parties: India, U.N. Doc.
CEDAW/ C/IND/2-3 (Oct. 19, 2005) [hereinafter India].





n195.  South Africa, supra note 162.





n196.  Illic, supra note 154, at 355, 363-64.





n197.  Id.





n198.  See China, supra note 192; Ghana, supra note 193; India, supra note 194;
South Africa, supra note 162 (providing no pay rate information).





n199.  China, supra note 192, at 3.





n200.  Id. at 83.





n201.  India, supra note 194, at 85.





n202.  Ghana, supra note 193, at 62.





n203.  South Africa, supra note 162, at 94.





n204.  China, supra note 192, at 53; Ghana, supra note 193, at 59; India, supra
note 194, at 12; South Africa, supra note 162, at 95-96.





n205.  E.g., India, supra note 194, P 279 (noting further that a "proposed
amendment to the Hindu Succession Act would provide that daughters get equal
rights in ancestral property").





n206.  India, supra note 194, P 319.





n207.  Ghana, supra note 193, P 145.





n208.  Sourcebook, supra note 3, at 126-27 (observing that formal legislation
giving women rights in land is rarely sufficient because of difficulty in
enforcing the laws, especially outside major urban areas); see also Marjolein
Benschop & M. Siraj Sait, Progress Report on Removing Discrimination Against
Women in Respect of Property and Inheritance Rights, § 4.3 (UN-HABITAT, Tools on
Improving Women's Secure Tenure Series No. 2, 2006) [hereinafter UN-HABITAT]
("Statutory or Constitutional interventions are ineffective in circumstances
where local laws and customs do not recognise gender equal inheritance rights to
land, property and housing for women.").





n209.  China, supra note 192, at 53.





n210.  Id. at 52-53.





n211.  Id. at 53.





n212.  Id. Further, the law protects "a woman's responsibility [for] fields even
after she gets married or divorced," in other words, a woman's responsibility
for fields for growing grain rations and land for housing construction. Id.





n213.  India, supra note 194, P 28. A joint title deed grants some protection to
the wife's land rights, even if the marriage ends. Id. P 280. Further, house
rentals allotted under the low-income housing program, Indira Awas Yojana (IAY),
are issued in the name of the female member of the household, or in the joint
names of the spouses. Id. PP 82, 299. Joint title deeds to spouses are also
issued when India periodically redistributes surplus land. Id. P 102.





n214.  Id. P 281.





n215.  Id. Such schemes are reported to be quite successful. For example, the
Scheduled Caste Development Corporation (SCDC), in the state of Andhra Pradesh,
provides subsidized credit to women's self-help groups (SHGs) to purchase or
lease private land on the marketplace. Id.





n216.  Id. P 319.





n217.  Studies indicate that women held land in only 10% of Ghanaian households
while men there held land in 16-23% of households; women are 5% of registered
landholders in Kenya. Further, the size of men's land holdings were, on average,
almost three times those of women. Sourcebook, supra note 3, at 15 (citing
Carmen D. Deere & Cheryl Doss, Gender and the Distribution of Wealth in
Developing Countries (World Institute for Development Economics Research of the
United Nations University, Research Paper No. 2006/115, 2006)).





n218.  Ghana, supra note 193, PP 191, 193.





n219.  Id. PP 7, 204. The practice of multiple marriages by one husband (women
are not allowed to have multiple husbands) seems to lessen as the social
foundations for the existence of polygamy gradually erode. In rural areas,
however, subsistence farming may require as many children working as farmhands
as possible. Id. P 204(j).





n220.  Id. PP 176, 191, 204-05. Land access in northern Ghana is especially low,
with women comprising only 2% of landholders. Id. P 176(b). Women who organize
cooperatives are better able to access land. Id. P 176(c).





n221.  Id. P 205; see also Cotula et al., supra note 64, at 37 (noting that
customary and statutory land tenure systems often co-exist in Ghana).





n222.  Ghana, supra note 193, P 205(a).





n223.  Id.





n224.  Id.





n225.  Id. P 205(b).





n226.  Id. P 205(e).





n227.  Id. P 205(f).





n228.  South Africa, supra note 162, at 95.





n229.  Id.





n230.  Id.





n231.  Id.





n232.  South Africa, supra note 162, at 96.





n233.  China, supra note 192, at 44, 50; Ghana, supra note 193, PP 31(f), 175,
192; India, supra note 194, PP 82, 313.





n234.  India, supra note 194, P 313. The Women Component Plan is aimed at
ensuring that the "benefits from other developmental sectors do not by-pass
women." Id. This strategy is "multi-sectoral" and "enables holistic development
and advancement of women." Id. "Substantial amounts of money are flowing to
women through both women-specific and women-related schemes, which are
implemented by fifteen Central Ministries/Departments." Id.





n235.  Id. P 82.





n236.  Id. P 53 (committing the government to introduce legislation for not less
than one-third of seats to be reserved for women in the Parliament and the State
legislatures; "committing to introduce legislation on domestic violence and
gender discrimination," to amend existing laws that are deemed discriminatory,
and to enact legislation that would give women equal rights in housing and land
ownership; and encouraging rural women's participation in "development schemes
related to drinking water, education, health etc.").





n237.  Id. P 98.





n238.  Id. PP 191, 200.





n239.  Id. P 152.





n240.  India, supra note 194, P 82.





n241.  Id. P 98.





n242.  See, e.g., id. P 28 (describing action taken under the GOI-UNDP Food
Security Programme); id. P 107 (detailing the Indira Awaas Yojana (IAY), which
provides dwelling units to poor rural people, 60% of which is earmarked for
scheduled castes (SCs)).





n243.  Ghana, supra note 193, PP 31(f), 175.





n244.  Id. P 175.





n245.  Id. P 31(f).





n246.  Id. P 175.





n247.  China, supra note 192, at 55.





n248.  Id. at 55-56.





n249.  India, supra note 194, passim. The rural poverty alleviation program,
Swarnajayanti Gram Swarozgar Yojana (SGSY), emphasizes the importance of SHGs to
facilitating access by the rural poor to the financial system, infrastructure
support, and technology and marketing contacts. Id. P 294. About half of the
SHGs under this program operate exclusively for women. Id.





n250.  Id. PP 65, 200.





n251.  Id. P 292.





n252.  Id.





n253.  Id. PP 65, 200.





n254.  China, supra note 192, at 49-50, 56-57.





n255.  Id. at 49.





n256.  Id. at 49, 55-56.





n257.  Ghana, supra note 193, PP 175, 192; South Africa, supra note 162, at 96.





n258.  Ghana, supra note 193, PP 175, 192; India, supra note 194, P 78. Formal
collateral arrangements are waived in Ghana by lending institutions, provided
that loan applicants formed formal or informal groups. Ghana, supra note 193, PP
175, 192. Women's co-operatives often provide a vehicle for relatively easy land
access. Id. P 176(b).





n259.  India, supra note 194, P 65.





n260.  Id. PP 200, 303.





n261.  Id. PP 65, 200.





n262.  See China, supra note 192, at 49-50, 55-56; Ghana, supra note 193, PP
175, 183, 192; India, supra note 194, P 82; South Africa supra note 162, at 68,
96.





n263.  See supra notes 249-262 and accompanying text.





n264.  India, supra note 194, PP 200, 310; see also id. P 82 (noting how SGSY,
the rural poverty reduction program, distributed micro-credit loans to over
220,000 SHGs); id. P 103 (explaining that government sponsored SHGs of
asset-less scheduled caste (SC) women are able to access micro-credit financing
for income-generating activities); id. P 107 (reporting that the National
Scheduled Castes Finance and Development Corporation introduced a micro-credit
scheme that has served almost 60,000 SC women from very poor families); id. P
281 (detailing a similar Scheduled Caste Development Corporation that operates
in Andhra Pradesh, providing subsidized credit to SC women's groups to purchase
or lease land for community cultivation); id. P 286 (describing a state program
in Kerala, which created an informal bank that provides rural women with savings
and credit operations, thus encouraging them to take up micro-enterprises); id.
P 285 (noting further that some programs allow for a higher loan-to-value
percentage for projects lending to women entrepreneurs).





n265.  Id. P 225 (describing micro-finance institutions that operate as credit
cooperatives or credit unions, as well as several other NGOs that set up
micro-finance schemes for the rural poor).





n266.  Id.





n267.  Ghana, supra note 193, PP 31(f), 175, 192. Several schemes are available
to rural women farmers, including, for example, the Agricultural Development
Bank's credit lines, the District Assembly Common Fund, and the Land
Conservation and Small Holder Rehabilitation Project. Id. PP 192(a)-(b). The
NPRP Social Investment Fund targets rural communities, providing micro-credit to
rural women. Id. P 192(i). Other programs are aimed at improving women's
technological knowledge, such as the Technological Capitalization for Training
for Rural Women and the Women in Agricultural Development Division. Id. at P
192(c).





n268.  South Africa, supra note 162, at 68.





n269.  Id. at 96.





n270.  China, supra note 192, at 49.





n271.  Id.





n272.  Id. at 49-50.





n273.  Id. Ghana also estimates a high return rate (98%) on micro-loans to
women. Ghana, supra note 193, P 31(f).





n274.  China, supra note 192, at 55.





n275.  Id. (reporting over 380,000 solar energy stoves installed by the end of
2001).





n276.  Ghana, supra note 193, P 192(f).





n277.  China, supra note 192, at 55 (reporting the installation of more than 9.5
million methane tanks for household use).





n278.  India, supra note 194, P 378.





n279.  China, supra note 192, at 55 ("These efforts have not only improved the
environment, but also reduced the burden of household work on women.").





n280.  Id. at 32, 53; India, supra note 194, PP 65, 110.





n281.  China, supra note 192, at 34; Ghana, supra note 193, PP 128-29, 131,
190(c), 190(i); India, supra note 194, PP 212-14; South Africa, supra note 162,
at 61.





n282.  China, supra note 192, at 17, 33, 48, 58; Ghana, supra note 193, P 122;
India, P 380; South Africa, supra note 162, at 63-64.





n283.  See China, supra note 192, at 45; Ghana, supra note 193, PP 152, 169.





n284.  See Ghana, supra note 193, P 130; India, supra note 194, PP 82, 311.





n285.  India, supra note 194, PP 193 (describing the National Programme for
Education of Girls at the Elementary Level, which was designed to be implemented
in rural areas with low female literacy rates); see also id. P 195 (reporting
that the National Programme of Nutritional Support to Primary Education has
proven effective in improving attendance and reducing attrition among female
pupils).





n286.  Id. P 196. Special boarding schools aim to improve the educational
opportunities of girls in remote areas. Id. P 207.





n287.  China, supra note 192, at 33.





n288.  Id.





n289.  Id. at 33-34 (noting further that in remote areas, boarding arrangements
are made to facilitate girls' attendance). Further, several NGOs have lent
support to the compulsory education effort. For example, The Hope Project,
launched by the China Youth Development Foundation, raised sufficient funds to
build over 8,000 "Hope Primary Schools," thus helping 2.3 million drop-out
children return to school. Similarly, the All China Women's Federation and the
China Children and Teenagers' Fund jointly organized and launched the "Spring
Bud Plan" to support schooling of girls from poor families. So far, the Plan has
helped 1.3 million girls return to school. Id.





n290.  Ghana, supra note 193, P 44.





n291.  See, e.g., id. P 122 (describing the Girls' Education Unit (GEU), and
reporting that GETFund funds a GEU Scholarship for free school uniforms and
supplies for poor pupils, especially girls); id. P 188 (noting that Ghana's
Education Strategic Plan increased per capita funding assistance for girl
students' tuition, alleviating part of their families' financial burdens).





n292.  South Africa, supra note 162, at 63 ("The South African Schools Act of
1996 (SASA) makes schooling compulsory for all children from the beginning of
the year in which they turn seven, until they reach the age of fifteen, or reach
the ninth grade."). But see Daria Roithmayr, Access, Adequacy and Equality: The
Constitutionality of School Fee Financing in Public Education, 19 S. Afr. J.
Hum. Rts. 382 (2003) (arguing that SASA may be unconstitutional).





n293.  South Africa, supra note 162, at 63 (reporting further that "in some
areas, when girls reach the age of 13 or above, they are sent to initiation
schools from which they graduate as women, ready to be married" and that "some
principals make arrangements with families that after initiation school girls
... are accepted back into school," but this is "dependent upon co-operation by
the family").





n294.  China, supra note 192, at 53.





n295.  Id. at 35, 53.





n296.  Id. at 54. Many of these are collaborative efforts between the Chinese
government and NGOs. For example, a recent campaign with the All China Women's
Federation integrated literacy and practical skills training for rural women. It
attracted over 120 million participants. Id. at 34, 53. In a new follow-up
program, experts are sent to remote areas to promote modern agricultural
technologies. Id.





n297.  India, supra note 194, P 200 (detailing the Mahila Samakhya scheme
"started in 1989 for the education and empowerment of women in rural areas,"
which has served almost 1.8 million women in nine states).





n298.  Id. P 98. The Indian Ministry of Rural Development established a program
to organize training workshops and seminars to educate rural women, to encourage
them regarding participation in the political process, and to transform their
gendered roles. Id. P 174. Additionally, "Community Polytechnics have been
started with the aim of bringing community/rural development through science and
technology applications and skill-oriented non-formal training with focus on
women," especially minority or lower caste women living in remote, rural areas.
Id. P 204. The Mahila Mandal Programme and the Welfare Extension Project both
provide adult literacy and social education services to rural women and
children. Id. P 305.





n299.  See Ghana, supra note 193, P 128 ("In the Northern [rural] regions,
nearly 70% of women have never gone to school."); South Africa, supra note 162,
at 64, 99.





n300.  Ghana, supra note 193, PP 132-33.





n301.  Id. PP 134(b), 136; South Africa, supra note 162, at 64, 79 ("Previous
research suggests that women farm workers are largely confined to courses such
as home economics.").





n302.  Ghana, supra note 193, P 132; South Africa, supra note 195, at 63-64.





n303.  China, supra note 192, at 43-45, 57; Ghana, supra note 193, PP 190(c),
(h); India, supra note 194, P 273; id. P 154 (stating that maternal mortality is
about four times as high in Ghana's three rural northern regions than in the
rest of the country); South Africa, supra note 162, at 84, 86, 99.





n304.  South Africa, supra note 162, at 87.





n305.  Id. at 87, 99.





n306.  India, supra note 194, P 258 (stating that about 48% of the recipients of
the subsidies were rural families).





n307.  Id. PP 245, 248. The National Rural Health Mission identified "18 states
[that] have weak public health indicators and/or weak infrastructure." Id. The
program aims to correct the very structure of the public health system by
creating District Plans for Health, which integrate health management policies
with other health concerns like sanitation, hygiene, nutrition, and safe
drinking water. Id. It also seeks to improve rural people's access to affordable
healthcare, with a focus on women and children. Id. P 248.





n308.  Ghana, supra note 193, PP 152(a), 158 (describing a draft Gender and
Health Policy designed to improve, inter alia, the health delivery system in
Ghana, including in less developed rural regions).





n309.  China, supra note 192, at 43-44.





n310.  Id. at 44.





n311.  Id. at 48. Another especially persistent health-related problem is rural
women's suicide in China. Id. at 57 ("The health authorities are looking into
ways to coordinate various departments in strengthening public health and mental
health education, [and] expanding service networks in rural areas ... .").





n312.  India, supra note 194, PP 92, 100.





n313.  China, supra note 192, at 46-47.





n314.  Ghana, supra note 193, P 6.





n315.  South Africa, supra note 162, at 4, 8.





n316.  Id. at 94 (describing South Africa's apartheid policies, which
exacerbated rural poverty and in turn reinforced and insulated discriminatory
cultural practices). Women and children outnumber men in rural population, yet
they rarely have control over their livelihoods. Id. at 96. For other examples
of how these practices are more prevalent and their consequences greater in
rural locales, see China, supra note 192, at 48 (reporting that humane family
planning practices are still hindered in rural areas because of lack of health
care facilities and medical personnel); Ghana, supra note 193, P 204(g),(j)
(reporting that polygamy was widely practiced in rural areas, where farming
practices necessitated having more children to work as farmhands); India, supra
note 194, P 92 (reporting that 81% of SC members live in rural areas and that
most practice scavenging).

   The persistence of traditions in rural areas in these countries is similar to
such persistence in the United States, where it is generally attributed to the
homogeneity of the population, the high density of acquaintanceship, and a lack
of external forces to challenge norms. See generally Pruitt, supra note 29;
infra notes 360-362.





n317.  India, supra note 194, P 92.





n318.  Id. P 100.





n319.  Id. (noting that the National Scheme of Liberation and Rehabilitation of
Scavengers was modified to involve NGOs in the implementation of scavenging
eradication programs, and reporting on the National Safai Karamcharis Finance
and Development Corporation, which promotes economic development and
self-employment among the scavenging communities and implements various
micro-finance schemes designed to assist scavenging women and their dependent
daughters to take up self-employment enterprises).





n320.  Id. P 98.





n321.  Id.





n322.  Id. (noting further that free textbooks, school uniforms, stationery, and
other necessaries are provided to SC children).





n323.  Id. (reserving one-third of hostels constructed under this policy
exclusively for girls' use).





n324.  Id. P 102.





n325.  Id. P 107 (reporting that about 60% of the total allocated funds were
earmarked for use by SC and Scheduled Tribes families); see also India Watch:
Poverty Line, http://www.wakeupcall.org/administration_in_india/
poverty_line.php (last visited May 18, 2009) (comparing the Indian
government-declared poverty line to the World Bank's minimum earnings line and
noting the former is about one-fifth of the latter; id. (reporting that about
300 million people live below the poverty threshold set by the Indian
government).





n326.  India, supra note 194, P 111.





n327.  Id.





n328.  Id. P 273.





n329.  Ghana, supra note 193, PP 18, 145, 176, 191, 204.





n330.  Id. P 176; see also Cynthia Grant Bowman & Akua Kuenyehia, Women and Law
in Sub-Saharan Africa (2003) (discussing extensively women's perspectives on law
in Sub-Saharan Africa, particularly with respect to family law, access to land,
inheritance laws, and reproduction).





n331.  Id. P 205(a) (reporting that the Intestate Succession Law of 1985 (ISL)
provides a uniform system of property distribution if the deceased dies without
a will, regardless of surrounding customary marriage and family laws).





n332.  Id. P 205(b)-(j); see also Sourcebook, supra note 3, at 126-27 (noting
the global phenomenon of incongruity between national legislation and local
custom).





n333.  Id. PP 204(b)-(d).





n334.  Id. P 204(c).





n335.  Id. PP 204(e), 204(g)-(h). An important effect of compulsory education as
mandated by the Children's Act of 1997 is that it requires parents to send their
children to school. This necessitates considerable expenditures per child, which
in turn makes polygamy much less attractive. Id. P 204(i).





n336.  Ghana, supra note 193, PP 205(a), 205(c), 210(d).





n337.  Id. P 28; see also id. P 205(h) (discussing a recent study, commissioned
by the National Council of Women and Development "on women's rights in relation
to marriage and the family, [which] revealed that women's unequal status in
marriage and the family is frequently based on traditional, customary and
religious attitudes that confine women to particular roles [and that] these
attitudes are deeply entrenched and resistant to change").





n338.  CEDAW, supra note 143, art. 14(2)(a).





n339.  Scale is a concept used by critical geographers to measure the companion
concepts of space and place. See Ann R. Tickamyer, Space Matters! Spatial
Inequality in Future Sociology, 29 Contemp. Soc. 805, 811 (2000). Scale is
defined as "the level of geographical resolution at which a given phenomenon is
thought of, acted on or studied." Neil Brenner, New State Spaces: Urban
Governance and the Rescaling of Statehood 9 (2004), quoted in Hari Osofsky, A
Law and Geography Perspective on the New Haven School, 32 Yale J. Int'l L. 421,
447 (2007).





n340.  See Posting of Lisa R. Pruitt to Legal Ruralism Blog, Working from Bottom
Up in Afghanistan's Rural Areas,
http://legalruralism.blogspot.com/2009/02/working-from-bottom-up-in-afghanistans
.html (Feb. 17, 2009, 19:58 PST) (discussing the importance of grassroots
efforts to influencing rural populations).





n341.  Amartya Sen, Development as Freedom 3-11, 282-83, 298 (1999).





n342.  Nussbaum, supra note 6, at 70, 290.





n343.  Id. at 225; see also Gonzalez, supra note 34, at 492 (discussing the
power held by small agricultural producers in comparison to the "monopoly power
exercised by transnational business," as an example of power disparities across
the rural-urban axis).





n344.  CEDAW, supra note 143, art. 14(2)(a). The Gender in Agriculture
Sourcebook, a joint publication of the FAO, IFAD, and the World Bank, advocates
women's inclusion in "designing, planning, and implementing" development
programs, just as CEDAW mandates. The Sourcebook specifically contemplates not
only legislation that responds to women's lack of access to land, but also
regulations that implement that legislation "in ways that address gender bias."
Sourcebook, supra note 3, at 130.





n345.  These rights include, for example, the right to food, clothing, and
shelter. See generally Heinz Klug, The Dignity Clause of the Montana
Constitution: May Foreign Jurisprudence Lead the Way to an Expanded
Interpretation?, 64 Mont. L. Rev. 133 (2003) (discussing socioeconomic rights as
a component of dignity); Denise Meyerson, Equality Guarantees and Distributive
Inequity, 19 Pub. L. Rev. 32 (2008) (discussing socioeconomic rights in relation
to equality guarantees); Brian Ray, Policentrism, Political Mobilization, and
the Promise of Socioeconomic Rights, Stan. J. Int'l L. (forthcoming 2009)
(discussing socioeconomic rights in the context of the South African
Constitution).





n346.  Id.





n347.  Id. art. 14(2)(e).





n348.  Id. art. 14(2)(g).





n349.  See supra notes 181-183 and accompanying text. To date, CEDAW's power to
effect change has proven limited. See id. None of the complaints adjudicated
under the Optional Protocol relates to Article 14 or to a rural context. See
CEDAW: Decisions/Views, supra note 187. But see, e.g., Cusack & Cook, supra note
144 (asserting generally the power and significance of CEDAW).





n350.  See generally Robert Ellickson, Order Without Law (1991) (arguing that
ranchers in Shasta County, California mediated disputes among themselves without
reference to law); David M. Engel, The Oven Bird's Song: Insiders, Outsiders and
Personal Injuries in an American Community, 18 Law & Soc'y Rev. 551, 556-58,
569, 572-73 (1984) (reporting that inter-personal familiarity among rural
residents influenced their attitudes about litigation); Lisa R. Pruitt, Rural
Rhetoric, 39 Conn. L. Rev. 159, 202-07 (2006).





n351.  See Sourcebook, supra note 3, at 127.





n352.  Id.





n353.  Id.





n354.  Id. at 130.





n355.  Id. at 216.





n356.  Id. at 128; see also South Africa, supra note 162, at 96 (noting that
most groups holding land in common are led by men, and "even where women are
assertive enough to participate in discussions, their views are often not
reflected," despite the fact that the Communal Property Act of 1996 prohibits
sex-based discrimination in communal property ownership and in use of land).





n357.  Pruitt, supra note 29, at 351, 355-56.





n358.  Lisa R. Pruitt, Place Matters: Domestic Violence and Rural Difference, 23
Wis. J. L. Gender & Soc'y 347 (2008).





n359.  An example of this may be seen in China. A recent New York Times article
reported that Chinese parents living in cities expressed happiness about having
a daughter but no son, while many rural parents continue to "cherish" boys.
Andrew Jacobs, Chinese Hunger for Sons Fuels Boys' Abductions, N.Y. Times, Apr.
4, 2009, at A1. The rural preference for boys "is reinforced by a modern
[economic] reality: without a real social safety net in China, many parents fear
they will be left to fend for themselves in old age." Id. They prefer sons, who
will be able to care for them as they age, whereas daughters live with their
husbands' families and provide no support to their own parents. Id. The story
suggests that the gender alignment of parental support practices is less rigid
in urban areas, making male children less important there.





n360.  Pruitt, supra note 29, at 354.





n361.  Id. at 354-55 (citing Fern K. Willits et al., Persistence of Rural-Urban
Difference, in Rural Society in the U.S.: Issues for the 1980s 70, 73-74 (Don A.
Dillman & Daryl J. Hobbs, eds., 1982)).





n362.  Pruitt, supra note 29, at 355 (quoting Fern K. Willits et al., supra note
361, at 73-74).





n363.  Pruitt, supra note 29, at 369-71.





n364.  Catharine A. MacKinnon, Women's Lives, Men's Laws 34 (2004).





n365.  This could change rapidly with the availability of technology such as
cell phones and the internet. See Chris Nicholson, Bringing the Internet to
Remote African Villages, N.Y. Times, Feb. 1, 2009, at B4 (discussing a
Google-sponsored initiative to provide satellite-based internet access to remote
African villages).





n366.  The Gender in Agriculture Sourcebook implicitly recognizes the lack of
legal consciousness in rural areas by advocating programs that provide legal
education and assistance and gender training. Sourcebook, supra note 3, at 130.





n367.  CEDAW, supra note 143, art. 2(a); see also Cusack and Cook, supra note
144, at 208-09.





n368.  This is consistent with Celestine Nyamu's advocacy of "concrete
engagement with the politics of culture [which] creates a much more productive
challenge" to the local culture. Celestine Nyamu, How Should Human Rights and
Development Respond to Cultural Legitimization of Gender Hierarchy in Developing
Countries?, 41 Harv. Int'l L.J. 381, 410 (2000).





n369.  Sourcebook, supra note 3, at 130.





n370.  Id.; see also, UN-HABITAT, supra note 208, § 4.2 (suggesting the need to
increase awareness of women's rights among land professionals, policy makers,
judges, and magistrates, in order to ensure equal interpretation and
implementation of national laws).





n371.  Nyamu, supra note 368, at 416.





n372.  Id. at 417.





n373.  UN-HABITAT, supra note 208, § 4.3.





n374.  Id.; see also Madhavi Sunder, Piercing the Veil, 112 Yale L.J. 1399
(2003); Madhavi Sunder, Cultural Dissent, 54 Stan. L. Rev. 495 (2001) (asserting
the significance of the right to participate in norm creation). Change in rural
places in the developing world might be analogized to what has happened in rural
parts of the United States that have undergone economic restructuring and
decline in recent decades. Gendered divisions of labor have proven most
malleable during economic restructuring in the United States because of women's
entry into the paid work force. See Pruitt, supra note 29, at notes 12-16,
246-288.





n375.  See generally Nina Glasgow & David L. Brown, Grey Gold: Do Older
In-Migrants Benefit Rural Communities? (Carsey Institute, Policy Brief No. 10,
2008), available at
http://www.carseyinstitute.unh.edu/publications/PB-Glasgow-Brown-GreyGold.pdf
(last visited June 21, 2009); Lawrence C. Hamilton et al., Place Matters:
Challenges and Opportunities in Four Rural Americas, Reports on Rural America
(2008), available at http://www.carseyinstitute.unh.edu/publications/
Report_PlaceMatters.pdf (last visited June 21, 2009); Postings of Lisa Pruitt to
Legal Ruralism Blog,
http://legalruralism.blogspot.com/search/label/rural%20gentrification (Rural
Gentrification) (last visited May 18, 2009).





n376.  Rural Women, supra note 11, at 22. Men, on the other hand, are more
likely to spend remittance funds on consumer goods. Id; see also New
Perspectives, supra note 11, at 12-13 (noting that women tend to invest in
housing improvements, health, welfare, and agricultural investments such as
cattle and fertilizer); supra note 64 and accompanying text.





n377.  See CEDAW, supra note 143, at 14(2)(a),(e) and (g); see also supra notes
368-374 and accompanying text.





n378.  Susan Williams, Equality, Representation and Challenge to Hierarchy, in
Constituting Equality: Gender Equality and Comparative Constitutional Law ch. 29
(forthcoming 2009) (advocating that state accommodation of minority communities'
practices should be contingent on dialogue within the community that disrupts
and challenges the community's norms).





n379.  Id.





n380.  See supra Parts III.B(1)-(4) (discussing programs that provide access to
credit, support SHGs/cooperatives, and initiate greater gender equity in land
reform).





n381.  Jeanette D. Gurung et al., IFAD, Gender and Desertification: Expanding
Roles for Women to Restore Drylands 17 (2006), available at
http://www.ifad.org/pub/gender/desert/gender_desert.pdf (last visited June 21,
2009).





n382.  Id.





n383.  Id.





n384.  Id.





n385.  Id.





n386.  See infra note 408.





n387.  See supra notes 25-28 and accompanying text.





n388.  CEDAW, supra note 143, art. 14(2)(b).





n389.  Jazairy et al., supra note 21, at 78; see also Rural Women, supra note
11, at 26 (noting that educating girls reduces fertility rates and is "one of
the most effective ways of reducing poverty").





n390.  Jazairy et al., supra note 21, at 78. This is supported by data from the
United States, where differences in rural and urban birth rates are now
extremely similar. See Don E. Albrecht & Carolyn M. Albrecht, Metro/Nonmetro
Residence, Nonmarital Conception, and Conception Outcomes, 69 Rural Soc. 430,
435 (2004).





n391.  See supra notes 9-25 and accompanying text.





n392.  Saskia Sassen, The Global City: New York, London, Tokyo (2001); see also
Saskia Sassen, Global Networks, Linked Cities (2002).





n393.  See supra notes 7, 12 and accompanying text.





n394.  See Porter, supra note 5; Pruitt, supra note 5 (arguing that judges are
often oblivious to rural difference); Pruitt, supra note 358 (arguing that law
and policy makers are often ignorant of rural difference, or simply ignore it);
Lisa R. Pruitt, The Forgotten Fifth: Rural Youth and Substance Abuse, 20 Stan.
L. & Pol'y Rev. 359 (2009).





n395.  Recent news coverage suggests that the Chinese government is attending to
rural concerns more in recent months because economic collapse is driving the
country's "floating population" back to rural places. See Bradsher, supra note
87 (reporting government subsidies for workers willing to go to rural areas,
including a waiver of fees for starting small businesses, free vocational
classes, and subsidized school fees); Andrew Jacobs, China Fears Rural Tremors
as Migrants Flock from Coast, N.Y. Times, Feb. 22, 2009, at A5 (reporting new
crop subsidies and an expansion of rural health care).





n396.  See supra Part II.C.1.





n397.  Wolz, supra note 101, at 10.





n398.  Martin Ravallion et al., New Evidence on the Urbanization of Global
Poverty 14 (World Bank, Policy Research Working Paper No. 4199, 2007).
Similarly, the total number of people living under $ 2 a day in rural areas fell
by 117 million, while the number of urban poor rose 63 million for a net drop of
only 54 million. Id. "The urban share of the poor rose ... and [] the ratio of
urban poverty to total poverty incidence has risen with urbanization... . We
find that the urban share of the "$ 1 a day' poor is rising at about 0.6% points
per year over 1993-2002." Id. at 16. But see Stephen J. Dubner, How Should We Be
Thinking About Urbanization? A Freakonomics Quorum, N.Y. Times Blogs, Dec. 11,
2007,
http://freakonomics.blogs.nytimes.com/2007/12/11/how-should-we-be-thinking-about
-urbanization-a-freakonomics-quorum/ (last visited June 21, 2009) (including the
comments of Edward Glaeser, who asserts that "cities are full of poor people
because cities attract poor people, not because cities make people poor.").





n399.  Wolz, supra note 101, at 5.





n400.  See supra Part II.C.





n401.  See supra note 133 and accompanying text. This is the sort of development
that Jeffrey Sachs proposes. Sachs, supra note 21, at 219-20, 230-31.





n402.  For a discussion of the pros and cons of "intensive production
agriculture," see Drew Kershen, What Is Agricultural Law? Proposing Production
Agriculture as the Core, 25 Ag. L. Update 1 (2008); Gonzalez, supra note 34, at
pt. II; Drew L. Kershen, Sustainable Intensive Agriculture: High Technology and
Environmental Benefits, 16 Kan. J. L. & Pub. Pol'y 424 (2007).





n403.  See Michael Pollan, The Omnivore's Dilemma (2006); Wes Jackson & Wendell
Berry, A 50-Year Farm Bill, N.Y. Times, Jan. 5, 2009, at A21; Andrew Martin, Is
a Food Revolution Now in Season?, N.Y. Times, Mar. 22, 2009, at BU1; Michael
Pollan, Farmer In Chief, 63 N.Y. Times Mag., Oct. 12, 2008, at MM62. The debate
over our future in relation to urbanization is reflected in Dubner, supra note
398 (comparing comments of James Howard Kunstler, who predicts an end to the
cycle of people moving from farms and small towns to big cities, with those of
Alan Berube, who touts cities as solutions to many ills, asserting that
"urbanization makes us more productive and ... wealthier").





n404.  While sufficient food is produced to feed the world's twelve billion
people, hunger remains a significant problem in developing countries. Food
insecurity and malnutrition are expected to persist and increase. See World Bank
Task Force, supra note 98, at 1 (citing IFPRI 2001). Growth in the world
population, which is expected to reach 9.3 billion by 2050, will put greater
pressure on food production. Id.





n405.  See Gonzalez, supra note 34, at 431-32 (defining ecological
sustainability).





n406.  See Marilyn A. Brown et al., Brookings, Shrinking the Carbon Footprint of
Metropolitan America (2008).





n407.  U.N. Population Fund, Urbanization and Sustainability in the 21st
Century, in State of the World Population 2007: Unleashing the Potential of
Urban Growth [hereinafter Urbanization and Sustainability], available at
http://www.unfpa.org/swp/2007/english/chapter_5/print/ chapter_5.html (last
visited June 21, 2009); see also Elisabeth Rosenthal, Third-World Stove Soot Is
Target in Climate Fight, N.Y. Times, Apr. 16, 2009, at A1.





n408.  Urbanization and Sustainability, supra note 407. The report states:
"Right now, cities draw together many of Earth's major environmental problems:
population growth, pollution, resource degradation and waste generation.
Paradoxically, cities also hold our best chance for sustainable future." Id. at
1. The report goes on to explain that while cities are associated with
"unsustainable patterns of production and consumption [they] offer better
chances for long-term sustainability." Id. at 1-2. The report continues: "Not
only do dense settlements have greater capacity than rural areas to absorb large
populations sustainably, but urbanization is a powerful factor in fertility
decline." Id. at 2. But see supra note 389-390 and accompanying text (suggesting
factors other than urbanicity that contribute to fertility decline).

   In addition, current priorities and systems cause environmental damage. These
practices include importing produce instead of consuming that which is grown
domestically because poor internal transport options make the former less
expensive. See Wolz, supra note 101, at 10.





n409.  See supra note 134 and accompanying text.


                               76 of 90 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright (c) 1994 Board of Regents, for Northern Illinois
                                   University
                    Northern Illinois University Law Review

                                  Summer, 1994

                           14 N. Ill. U. L. Rev. 689

LENGTH: 18772 words

SYMPOSIUM: CHANGING STRUCTURES AND EXPECTATIONS IN AGRICULTURE: ARTICLE: Who
Owns the Family Farm? The Struggle to Determine the Property Rights of Farm
Wives

NAME: Susan A. Schneider *

BIO:



   * Attorney and Consultant, Hastings, MN. B.A. College of St. Catherine; J.D.
University of Minnesota School of Law; LL.M. University of Arkansas School of
Law.

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... In summary, in common law jurisdictions, the ownership of titled property
will generally be determined according to record title, particularly if the
rights of a third party such as a mortgagee are at issue. ii) Untitled Property
A determination of ownership is more complicated with regard to untitled
property, particularly for property that is in the possession of both the
husband and wife.  ... For example, the contrasting cases of Slagle and Schulz,
cases from the same jurisdiction, the same court, indeed, the same judge,
illustrate the difficulty that the courts have with the issue of the ownership
rights of farm wives.  ... Similar evidence, such as joint decision-making on
farm operation issues would also support a finding of joint ownership of farm
assets. .  ... A Partner's Authority to Bind the Partnership In a number of
cases, the courts have found that the partnership relationship of the spouses
authorized one spouse to act on behalf of the partnership and the other spouse.
... Oetinger, in effect, ratified her husband's actions.  ... The payment
limitations rules set forth specific provisions applicable to corporations, to
partnerships and joint operators, and to husbands and wives.  ... Despite this
importance, many husbands and wives involved in family farming operations
continue to disregard their respective interests, either assuming or never
questioning the ownership status of the farm assets.

HIGHLIGHT: From our nation's inception the family farm has always been
proclaimed the cornerstone of American agriculture.  n1

TEXT:
 [*689]  INTRODUCTION

   Support for the family farm as the appropriate model for agriculture has been
a politically popular cause for generations.  n2 Defining what is meant by the
term "family farm," however, has been a difficult task. Notions of the
appropriate size, structure and value of the family farm have converged to
create complicated definitions of this deceptively simple concept.  n3 For
[*690]  example, the view of the sole proprietorship as the appropriate business
structure for "family farms" has produced detailed anti-corporate farming laws
that limit both corporate and partnership farming in order to protect the
"family farm."  n4 If corporate farming is allowed, the degree of kinship of the
shareholders may be regulated.  n5 Gross revenue maximums have been proposed
through the means testing of farm programs.  n6 Even the amount of debt has been
used as a defining criteria.  n7

   Central to all of the notions of family farming, however, is the ever present
picture of the farmer husband and his wife toiling together to earn their
livelihood from the soil. Existing somewhere in between the image of a farm
woman in a Grant Wood painting and Jessica Lang in the movie "Country," the farm
wife is fundamentally tied to our image of family  [*691]  farming. In reality,
however, her place in the structure of family farming is an issue that has
evaded careful analysis. This article explores the legal role and property
rights of the farm wife and asks the questions, is she a farmer, does she own an
interest in the family farm?

   This exploration is undertaken with an understanding that an analysis of farm
wives may be just as daunting a task as trying to characterize the family farm
itself. Just as the term "family farm" has been difficult to define, farm wives
make up a diverse group seemingly united only by gender, marital status and some
connection to farming.  n8 As with farming itself, this group encompasses a full
spectrum of variety. On one hand, as has been the case for generations in rural
America, some "farm women" take an active role in their family farming
operations.  n9 For example, this year's president-elect of the South Dakota
Pork Producer's Association is a woman who manages an 850-head feeder pig
operation as her participation in their family farm operation.  n10 In contrast,
other women reside on a farm and assist with farming tasks when needed, but rely
upon their husbands for the primary management of the operation.  n11

   Several issues, however, serve to unite this otherwise diverse group of
women. First, although degrees and categories of involvement vary significantly,
most wives in a family farm setting make a substantial contribution to the
farming operation.  n12 Even if it does not involve  [*692]  running an
operation exclusively or actually planting or harvesting, the woman's
contribution may be the traditional bookkeeping role or her participation in
farm management decisions.  n13 Moreover, the woman's role may be to provide the
flexibility necessary to address the sudden labor and management needs that
frequently arise in farming.  n14 As one North Carolina farm wife described her
role, "my job is to take over what needs to be done, whatever comes along."  n15
In other instances, the farm wife may have off-farm employment that provides a
necessary capital contribution to the farming operation.  n16 Whatever the
specific role, however, the  [*693]  majority of farm wives contribute to the
operation of their family's farm.  n17

   Second, it can be argued that the contribution of women to agriculture has
not been adequately appreciated.  n18 As one author noted, "Women are part of
family farms. But because farming has been defined as a male occupation, their
roles on and for the farm have often been overlooked or undervalued."  n19
Third, legal and social barriers have discouraged farm wives from taking an
active or public role in farming.  n20 These barriers  [*694]  have been most
obvious with regard to property ownership and control. While the barriers seemed
almost insurmountable in the past, many legal gains have been achieved. However,
there still remain significant legal and social obstacles confronting farm wives
in gaining recognition of their rights with respect to family-run agricultural
endeavors. Moreover, there remain many complex issues and unanswered questions
regarding their legal role, particularly concerning farm property. These
obstacles, issues and questions create a degree of unity in the otherwise
diverse class of "farm wives."

   In addressing the legal role and status of the farm wife, three areas will be
discussed. First, a brief overview of historical transition in the legal status
of wives will be presented. This overview will focus on early common law and the
changes brought about by the Married Women's Property Acts. It will conclude
with a summary of the current property allocation systems affecting husbands'
and wives' respective interests in property. Second, the current law affecting
the respective ownership rights of husbands and wives to family farm assets will
be analyzed. This section will be divided into an analysis of a farm wife's
ownership interests in farm assets and an analysis of her legal control over her
assets. Third, the law of federal farm programs will be briefly discussed,
focusing on the husband-wife rule, and contrasting the current treatment of farm
husbands and wives to that under the previous regulations.

   I. THE HISTORICAL TRANSITION IN THE LEGAL STATUS OF WOMEN AS WIVES

   There was a time, not so long ago, when a different understanding of the
family and the Constitution prevailed.  n21

   Without belittling the discrimination claims of women today, it is important
to consider the progress made in the last century. This consideration is most
accurately characterized as an examination of how difficult things were for
women who wished to own or control property in past generations. It is further
interesting to consider that the legal status of women as wives was particularly
minimized. As will be evidenced, wives had a legal status not only below that of
men, but far below that of single women.

 [*695]  A. WIVES AS LEGAL INCOMPETENTS

   Prior to the passage of remedial statutes known as the Married Women's
Property Acts, women lost substantial legal rights by marrying.  n22 As one
historian described it, "In one way or another, everything women owned before
marriage became their husband's afterward."  n23 For example, although single
women could own real or personal property, once married, a woman's personal
property became that of her husband.  n24 Although she retained title to her
real property, her husband had the right to manage it and to collect the profits
for his own use.  n25 Married women could not enter into contracts, bring legal
actions, or transfer property without the consent or joinder of their husbands.
n26 At first blush, this infringement upon the rights of married women appears
consistent with the notion that a husband  [*696]  and wife become one person
upon marriage.  n27 There is, however, an independent basis of sexism in that
men not only retained their rights upon marriage, these rights were enhanced in
that they now took legal charge of their wives' property as well. A man did not
have to obtain his wife's permission or participation in legal transactions, and
in many respects, their relationship resembled that of a guardian and
incompetent. Professor John E. Cribbet aptly described this historical
perception as "the common law regarded the husband and wife as one and the
husband as the one."  n28

B. THE MARRIED WOMEN'S PROPERTY ACTS

   By the mid 1800's, women's discontent with the status of wives, particularly
with respect to property law, was apparent. Expressions of this discontent
ranged from refusals to marry to the formation of various forms of prenuptial
agreements in an attempt to create by contract what the common law prevented.
Similarly, creative trust arrangements were established in an attempt to protect
women's property or to provide for women separately from their husbands.
Significant differences in legal status and ways around the barriers existed
between states and regions, resulting in a "diverse, often paradoxical scheme of
statutes and case law . . . ."  n29

   Beginning with the Mississippi Woman's Law of 1839, one state after another
enacted either statutes or constitutional provisions that granted married women
a separate legal existence and the right to own and manage property. Termed the
Married Women's Property Acts, these laws abrogated many of the common law
rights and authorities given to husbands with respect to their wives' property
and established that a married woman retained her separate legal identity.  n30
Similar acts, although "piecemeal and  [*697]  uncoordinated"  n31 were passed
in all American jurisdictions.  n32

   While there are individual state differences, the Married Women's Property
Acts create four general areas of legal rights for married women. First, they
establish that a married woman shall have the same legal existence and legal
personality as a single woman. This provision establishes the wife's independent
legal existence; she is entitled to her own rights and responsibilities under
the law. She is no longer legally "one" with (or subject to) her husband.  n33

   Second, the Married Women's Property Acts establish the separate property
rights of the wife, i.e., the right to retain and to obtain and control property
separate from her husband. Property in this regard includes not only real
property, but personal property, and intangible property such as choices in
action. The right of ownership and control applies to both pre-marital property
and also to separate property acquired during marriage.  n34

   Third, the acts generally provide that the wife is free to enter into and to
be bound by legal contracts. She is thus responsible for her own contractual
obligations, including her debts. She is similarly responsible for her torts.
n35

    [*698]  Fourth, the acts provide that a spouse is not liable for the debts
of the other spouse except for debts incurred for necessary household articles
and supplies to be used by the family. Where under common law, a wife had been
held to be liable for her husband's debts, this provision establishes
independent liability for spouses. A married woman is no longer automatically
liable for her husband's debts, and her separate property cannot be taken by her
husband's creditors.  n36

   In summary, the Married Women's Property Acts, passed in all American
jurisdictions in one form or another, revolutionized traditional concepts of the
husband/wife relationship. Legally, a married couple is not a single entity;
husbands and wives each have a right to make their own decisions with regard to
finances, associations, and legal affairs.  n37 Each spouse retains separate
ownership of property owned by that spouse prior to marriage, and the owner
spouse has the legal authority to manage, encumber, transfer, and to exercise
all other incidents of legal title without the consent or participation of the
non-owner spouse. Moreover, each  [*699]  spouse is entitled to have a separate
ownership interest in his or her own property, even property that is acquired
during the marriage.  n38

C. AN OVERVIEW OF CURRENT PROPERTY ALLOCATION SYSTEMS

   Although the fundamental principles embodied in the Married Women's Property
Acts remain at least theoretically valid in all American jurisdictions, states
are split with regard to the more specific rules governing the division of
property between a husband and wife. That is, while the law is clear that a wife
is a separate legal entity with rights under the law equal to that of her
husband, in determining the rights of either spouse to property acquired during
the marriage, state law has developed in two different directions. On one hand,
the majority of states adhere to what is termed the common law system of
property allocation. Under this system, no rights to property arise specifically
by virtue of the marriage.  n39 On the other hand, a minority of states have
adopted community property law as their system of property allocation. In a
community property state, although the separateness of pre-marital property is
generally retained, there is a presumption that property that is acquired during
the marriage is held as community property regardless of title.  n40

1. Common Law (Title) Jurisdictions

   The majority of states follow a system of property law allocation under which
neither spouse is found to possess an ownership interest in property solely
because of the marriage. This system is termed the "common law" system in that
it has not been statutorily modified by the community property laws discussed
infra. It is acknowledged, however, that these jurisdictions adopt the common
law principles as modified by statutes such as the Married Women's Property Acts
that give fundamental property rights to women.

   According to this system of property allocation, title to property is  [*700]
determinative of its ownership. Beyond record title, or with regard to untitled
property, the courts generally consider the time that the property was acquired
n41 and/or the source of funds used in acquiring the property.  n42 In general
terms, whichever spouse contributed directly to the acquisition of the property
is held to own that property.

   The potentially harsh results obtained by a rigid application of this system
have produced various statutory and judicial modifications. Most involve an
attempt to recognize the indirect contributions of a spouse to the acquisition
of marital property. These modifications are particularly prevalent with regard
to property allocations in the context of dissolution of marriage. The most
commonly accepted modification is termed "equitable distribution," a concept
based upon the view of marriage as a partnership or joint enterprise.  n43 It
acknowledges that both spouses are likely to have contributed to the economic
well being of the marriage and recognizes that indirect benefits such as
homemaking services should be rewarded. Equitable distribution, however, only
applies to property divisions in the context of dissolution actions. It does not
effect title to property during the term of the marriage, but rather has been
recognized as an inchoate right that does not mature until dissolution.  n44

2. Community Property Jurisdictions

   The separateness of the husband and wife's respective interests is challenged
in jurisdictions that have adopted community property law.  n45 Community
property law is based on the concept that during the marriage, "the spouses are
partners working together to enhance the marital enterprise."  n46 The marriage
is seen as an economic unit, and the spouses are presumed to be equal
contributors to that unit, regardless of their respective roles or direct
monetary contributions.  n47

   Thus, in general terms and with certain exceptions, in a community  [*701]
property jurisdiction, property that is acquired during the marriage, through
the efforts of either the husband or wife or both, along with the products and
proceeds of that property, are presumed to belong to both spouses. There are
specific, but somewhat limited statutory exceptions to this presumption, e.g. in
most states gifts, bequests and inheritances made to a specific spouse retain a
separate character.  n48

   Unlike equitable distribution of assets in a common law state, under
community property laws, each spouse has a present equal interest in the marital
assets.  n49


     An essential distinction between the community and common-law systems
     is the nature or quality of ownership of the non-acquiring spouse in
     the accumulations that occur during the marriage. Under the community
     system, the non-acquiring spouse has a vested, present ownership
     interest in one-half of the community property. If the same property
     were similarly acquired in a common-law state, the non-acquiring
     spouse would have no vested present interest in the property.  n50



As will be discussed, however, the appropriate question in many family farm
situations is whether the farm wife is an "acquiring" spouse by virtue of her
contribution to the farming enterprise.

 [*702]  II. THE COMPLEX REALITY OF CURRENT HUSBAND AND WIFE ROLES ON THE FARM:
PROPERTY INTERESTS IN THE FAMILY FARM

   It is one thing to propose, and another to execute.  n51

   Although the law is clearly established that spouses have the right to own
separate property and each spouse is unquestionably a separate legal entity, in
reality, the lines are frequently blurred. For example, in the context of a
family farm, profits from the farming operation as well as separate earnings of
husbands and wives are often commingled in joint bank accounts, property is
often acquired during the marriage with these commingled funds, and assets may
be encumbered to finance the farming operation. In this situation, the spouses,
and the farming operation itself, may go on for years without regard to the
ownership rights or the legal relationship of each of the spouses. However, when
a legal crisis such as financial distress, divorce, or the death of one spouse
occurs, the courts may be asked to unravel the complex relationship and
determine who owns what and where liability lies.

   Whether the farm wife has an ownership interest in the assets of the farming
operation may be very important in a number of respects. Assuming an ongoing
farming operation, it may determine whether she has control over that asset,
whether her interest in it has been encumbered by her husband's actions, and
whether she is entitled to certain exemption and  [*703]  lien avoidance rights
in bankruptcy. In the event of a death, it may determine whether the assets are
part of the decedent's estate. In the event of divorce, it may determine the
appropriate division of assets. As will be discussed in the final section of
this presentation, it may also be critical to her characterization as a separate
person for purposes of farm program payment limitations. In this context, the
discussion will focus on the following issues: (1) Does the wife have an
ownership interest in the family farm assets?; and (2) If the wife does have an
interest in the farm assets, what authority or control can she exercise over it?


A. DOES THE FARM WIFE HAVE AN OWNERSHIP INTEREST IN THE ASSETS OF THE FARMING
OPERATION?

   There are several ways in which a farm wife can be found to own farm
property. The property can be hers as separate pre-marital property. If it is
acquired after marriage, it can be hers as a separate asset, a half interest can
be hers as a joint owner with her husband, or she can have an interest as a
partner in farm partnership property.  n52 With regard to family farm
corporations, the wife, as shareholder, can also have a clearly defined
ownership interest.  n53 The court may find, however, in situations were the
husband is a farmer, that the family farm assets are his separate property and
that the wife has no ownership interest at all.

1. Pre-marital Property

   It is clear that a single woman is entitled to own her own property prior to
marriage. As has been discussed, it is now also clear that a wife is entitled to
retain this separate ownership after marriage. Under the current law in all of
the states, a wife is a separate legal person, and she is entitled to retain
ownership and control of her individual pre-marital property separate from her
husband. This is true in both common law and community property jurisdictions.
n54 The most conclusive evidence of ownership is  [*704]  legal title, and for
untitled property, ownership is generally determined according to possession,
control, and the intentions of the parties.  n55

2. Assets Acquired During the Marriage

   The ownership of assets acquired during the marriage is determined in part by
whether either the matrimonial domicile  n56 or the property itself is located
in a community property jurisdiction.  n57 In either of these special
situations, community property rules may apply.

a. Community Property

   Consistent with the concept of the marriage as an economic unit with each
spouse acting equally for the good of that unit, community property law
generally presumes that the assets of the family farm, acquired during the
marriage, are owned equally by the spouses.

   An example of the application of community property rules to a farm wife's
rights in farm property is provided in United States v. McConkey.  n58 In this
case, the United States government brought an action for foreclosure against
real property in Idaho, a community property jurisdiction. Previously the
debtor-husband had borrowed funds from Farmers Home Administration for home
improvements and had executed a mortgage on the property as security for the
loan. The debtor indicated on the loan and mortgage documents that he was
single, when in fact, he was married, although he and his wife had not lived
together for over ten years. Although the court noted that its decision was
"rather harsh," it affirmed the district court in holding that the mortgage was
invalid.  n59 Because the property was acquired while the couple was married, it
was community property belonging to both spouses, and an encumbrance against
community property is void unless both husband and wife join in the execution
and their signatures are acknowledged.  n60 Because the wife did not sign the
mortgage, the court held that the mortgage interest was invalid.  n61

    [*705]  It is important to note, however, that even in community property
jurisdictions such as Idaho, there are exceptions to the strict rules.  n62 The
community property statutes in Idaho provide that one spouse can "give to the
other the complete power to sell, convey, or encumber" community property by
"express power of attorney."  n63 Similarly, with regard to debts found to be
community debts, this obligation can be enforced against community property.
n64

   Because the majority of the states have not adopted the community property
system, however, and because community property rules are statutorily defined in
each adopting state, these rules will not be discussed further.

b. Common Law (Title) Jurisdictions

   In non-community property (common law or title) jurisdictions, the analysis
used to determine the ownership of property varies depending upon whether record
title can be established.

i) Titled Property

   In a non-community property state, property acquired during a marriage can be
either separately or jointly owned.  n65 In these jurisdictions, the ownership
of titled property will generally be determined according to record title,
particularly if the rights of a third party such as a mortgagee are  [*706]  at
issue. Record title is termed the "highest evidence of ownership."  n66 A
non-record claim or equitable title can sometimes be established, but the person
asserting equitable title has the burden of proof.  n67

   For example, in a recent Seventh Circuit case,  n68 the United States
attempted to foreclose a tax lien against the taxpayer's home and the attached
property. The wife objected, claiming an ownership interest in the property,
although her name had never appeared on the record of title and the property had
been a gift to her husband from his mother. The court rejected her claim in
large part because record title indicated that at the time the tax lien
attached, the husband owned the property as sole owner.  n69 The court also
noted that Indiana law provides that a husband can convey property owned in his
own name without the consent or signature of his wife.  n70

   In summary, in common law jurisdictions, the ownership of titled property
will generally be determined according to record title, particularly if the
rights of a third party such as a mortgagee are at issue.  n71

ii) Untitled Property

   A determination of ownership is more complicated with regard to untitled
property, particularly for property that is in the possession of both the
husband and wife. This determination may be particularly difficult in
unincorporated family farm situations where significant untitled business
[*707]  assets are present on farm homestead property. In analyzing this
situation, there are several possible outcomes. Clearly, either husbands or
wives are entitled to own property separately, or they can own it together as
joint owners.  n72 Alternatively, with regard to business transactions and
assets, it is sometimes found that the husband and wife are partners. If so, the
property at issue may belong to the partnership, with each partner having an
interest therein.  n72

   Arguably, a finding in favor of joint ownership or partnership is most
consistent with the concept of a "family farm." A number of courts have reached
this result. Other courts, however, have held that the farm wife has no
ownership interest in the family farm assets and that these assets belong
exclusively to the farm husband. Although under some circumstances, this finding
may be justified, in many cases, this result fails to accurately reflect the
economic and social interdependency of the family farm operation. Moreover, as
will be demonstrated, the courts are not united in their analysis, leaving many
questions unanswered and much uncertainty as to what a wife must do to establish
her ownership interest.

Joint Ownership

   A number of cases have addressed the issue of husband and wife joint
ownership of family farm assets.  n73 Several courts have held that under the
specific facts presented, the husband and wife operating the family farm were
co-owners of their untitled farm assets. The case of Matter of Slagle,  n74
provides an example of this holding. This case involved a husband and wife that
operated a family farm. Experiencing financial  [*708]  difficulties with the
operation, they filed for relief under Chapter 13 of the Bankruptcy Code. The
first issue addressed by the court in this case was whether the wife, Mrs.
Slagle, owned a one-half interest in certain untitled personal property i.e.,
crops, livestock, and farm machinery.  n75

   In deciding whether Mrs. Slagle had an interest in the personal property, the
court considered her involvement in the farming operation, the parties'
intentions, and evidence of joint tenancy with regard to other farm assets.
Although Mrs. Slagle held an off-farm job, the court found that she took an
active part in the farming operations in the evenings, on weekends, and during
the summer. Both Mr. and Mrs. Slagle testified that it was their intention that
all property acquired after their marriage be held in joint tenancy. Indeed, the
property that was titled or registered was listed in joint tenancy. Mr. Slagle,
however, handled all of the financing arrangements for the operation with the
bank, and he alone signed the loan documents. Under these facts, the court held
that Mrs. Slagle had a one-half interest in the personal property at issue.  n76

   The same result was reached in the case of Farmers Security State Bank of
Zumbrota v. Voegele.  n77 As in Slagle, one of the issues addressed in this case
was the family farm wife's ownership interest in farm personal property. This
property had been sold to satisfy the husband's debts, and the wife sought her
share of the proceeds. In this context, the court upheld the trial court finding
that the husband and wife were co-owners as tenants in common of the farm
personal property. This finding was supported by the wife's testimony that she
considered the farm to be a "family enterprise" as well as evidence that both
spouses contributed labor to the farming operation.  n78

   Similar conclusions have been drawn in a number of farm bankruptcy cases in
which the farm wife sought to claim a "tools of the trade" exemption in items of
farm equipment. In general terms, this claim involves showing that the equipment
claimed as exempt is property that is necessary to farming and that the wife is
engaged in farming. Implicit in the exemption claim is also that the wife has an
ownership interest in the  [*709]  claimed property. The majority of courts have
allowed the wife to claim the exemption.  n79

   The bankruptcy court in In re Griffin  n80 held that the farm property at
issue was co-owned by the husband and wife and described the burdens of proof
and persuasion presented. The court first noted that the existence of
co-ownership should be determined from "evidence of the intent and conduct of
the party claiming title."  n81 The court then stated that the "usual procedures
for determining title to property" should be followed.  n82 The burden of going
forward with the evidence and the burden of persuasion is upon the person
asserting title. If a prima facie case is presented, the objecting party then
must meet its burden of rebutting that case.  n83 Once some degree of
co-ownership is established, a rebuttable presumption of a tenancy in common,
i.e., equal ownership arises. The objecting party has the burden of overcoming
this presumption.  n84

   Other cases have rejected the family farm wife's claim of joint ownership of
farm assets, however, including cases involving similar facts. For example, in
the case of Farmers and Merchants National Bank v. Schulz,  n85 a bankruptcy
court addressed the issue of a farm wife's ownership of untitled personal
property associated with the operation of the family farm and concluded that the
wife had no ownership interest.  n86 Under the facts of this case, the husband
and wife had been married for thirty years and owned all of the titled farm real
estate and personal property as joint  [*710]  tenants.  n87 The court
acknowledged that Mrs. Schulz had participated in the farming operation with her
husband throughout their marriage. As in the Slagle case, Mr. Schulz, handled
all of the financing arrangements with the bank and executed all of the loan and
security agreements by himself.  n88

   Rejecting Mrs. Schulz's claim, the court found that the property at issue
belonged solely to Mr. Schulz.  n89 As support for its decision, the court
stated that under Nebraska law, there must be an express agreement between the
husband and wife in order for the wife to acquire an ownership interest in the
husband's property in return for her services.  n90 In the absence of this
express agreement, the wife involved in the farming operation is not entitled to
a one-half interest in the farm property.  n91 The court also stated that an
ownership interest in farm property "must be established by a preponderance of
the evidence, the quality of which is clear, satisfactory and convincing in
nature."  n92 For these reasons, the court held that Mrs. Schulz did not have an
ownership interest in any of the untitled farm property.  n93

   In another Nebraska case, a determination of whether all of the farm assets
were included in the decedent-husband's estate, the same result was reached, and
the same rationale applied.  n94 In this case, the surviving wife claimed an
ownership interest in one-half of the farm personalty and argued that her
interest should be excepted from her deceased husband's augmented estate. The
court described the wife's farming activities as follows:


     She participated in such chores as raising chickens, selling eggs and
     fryers, milking cows, and separating and selling cream. She also
     purchased some milk cows, fed cattle and hogs, scooped grain, put up
     hay, and chopped sunflowers, cockleburs, and musk thistles by hand.
     Additionally, she fixed fence, drove tractors, and stacked hay bales,
     as well as helping to repair and weld machinery, repairing and
     reshingling farm buildings, and assisting in the butchering process,
     including the cutting up of all the meat by herself.  n95


    [*711]  The court characterized the wife's argument as "that she did more
than merely perform as a farmwife; that in fact she functioned as a partner in
the farming operation, or in any event did at least as much as would a hired
hand; and, thus, one-half of the items of farm production and other items of
personalty were to be treated as being owned by her outright."  n96 The court
rejected the wife's claim, characterizing the issue as whether the wife's labor
"constitutes a contribution in money's worth" such that one-half the value of
the farm production and jointly acquired personalty should be excluded from the
augmented estate and set over to appellee as her own property."  n97 Espousing
"the traditional view," the court held that "in the absence of an express
contract to compensate a spouse for extra and unusual services, no obligation to
do so will be implied."  n98

   In many ways, these two holdings beg the question of husband/wife ownership.
The courts base the decisions on the theory that a wife's claim is for a share
of her husband's property and that her entitlement is based on her right to
compensation for the services she performs. This characterization of the wives'
claims, however, is both inaccurate and inappropriate. The courts appear to
begin from the premise that the family farm assets are owned and managed by the
husband and contrasts this ownership with activities by the wife with respect to
"his" property. This analysis skirts the joint ownership issue by presuming the
husband's initial ownership. The possibility of joint ownership is not squarely
discussed by either court. As such, the courts fail to address the fundamental
issue of whether family farm assets that are acquired as the result of the
labors of both spouses are joint properties.  n99

    [*712]  While one can speculate on the differences between the cases, this
analysis is perhaps most instructive in showing that courts have difficulty with
the ownership issues in the family farm context. For example, the contrasting
cases of Slagle and Schulz, cases from the same jurisdiction, the same court,
indeed, the same judge, illustrate the difficulty that the courts have with the
issue of the ownership rights of farm wives.  n100 Moreover, the wives'
participation in the farming operation described in these cases were very
similar, and yet in Slagle and Voegele, the wife was adjudged to be a half
owner, while in Schulz and Carman, the wife was found to have no interest at
all. Farm wives, who have participated in the farming operation, whether in a
supportive or managerial role may find it upsetting to learn that according to
some courts, the farm belongs solely to the husband. On the other hand, some
husbands, and clearly some lenders may be equally as upset to find that the wife
has a one-half interest. The uncertainty of the farm wife's legal status with
respect to the farm assets is unsettling. In this regard, it may be helpful to
consider the following  [*713]  checklist of factors that could, or perhaps
should, influence a court's determination of ownership in a family farm setting.




     . First, the court can consider general indications of the parties
     intentions regarding the farm operation and the assets associated
     therewith. These indications were mentioned by the court in Slagle.
     There, the husband and wife testified that it was their intention that
     the farm be a joint business. Consistent with this intention, titled
     property was in joint tenancy. Similar evidence, such as joint
     decision-making on farm operation issues would also support a finding
     of joint ownership of farm assets.

     . Second, the specific decision-making involved in purchasing the
     assets at issue can be considered. For example, did the wife
     participate in the decision to purchase the tractor or to invest in a
     hog facility?

     . Third, how were the assets in question obtained? Did the parties
     have a joint checking account that was used for farm purchases? For
     example, if the wife deposits her earnings from her off-farm job into
     a joint account that was used in the farming operation, it can be
     argued that her separate assets were used to purchase farm property,
     giving her an interest in that property. Similarly, if her income is
     used for necessary family expenses, thereby allowing all of the farm
     income to be channeled directly back into the farm operation,
     consideration should also be given. These arguments, however, should
     not be used to the disadvantage of farm wives that work hard, for no
     specific pay, at tasks on the farm.

     . Fourth, with regard to crops grown on jointly titled real estate,
     absent a rental agreement between the spouses, it can be argued that
     both the husband and wife have a specific interest in the crops.  n101


     . Fifth, the courts generally consider what types of farm labor the
     wife may perform. The court in Slagle specifically referenced this
     evidence. Courts may, however, place too much emphasis on  [*714]
     actual physical labor. Given the complexities of modern farming,
     arguably, the management, decision-making, and investment are more
     true indices of involvement in and ownership of the operation than who
     actually plows or plants.  n102


Partnership

   Alternatively, some courts have addressed the ownership of family farm assets
by undertaking an analysis of partnership law. In some cases, a farm wife has
been found to be an owner of farm property as a partner in a farming partnership
with her husband.

   Under the Uniform Partnership Code as enacted in most states, "[a]
partnership is an association of two or more persons to carry on as co-owners a
business for profit."  n103 With regard to property, "all property originally
brought into the partnership stock or subsequently acquired by purchase or
otherwise, on account of the partnership is partnership property."  n104 "A
partner is co-owner with the other partners of specific partnership
property-holding as a tenant in partnership."  n105

   The application of partnership law to the issue of ownership of farm property
by the farm wife has been addressed in a number of cases. For example, in In re
Oetinger,  n106 a bankruptcy case in which the court was asked to determine the
ownership interests of farm equipment, the court applied partnership law. In
this case, Mrs. Oetinger testified that she operated the farm equipment,
plowing, disking, and cultivating. She helped with haying, hauled grain, and
purchased fertilizer. She fed and helped load the hogs. Although she also had
off-farm employment, she worked off the farm only twenty hours per week,
leaving, as the court observed, "many hours before and after work and on
weekends for her labor on the  [*715]  farm."  n107 The court found that this
evidence constituted a prima facie showing that Mrs. Oetinger's principal
occupation was farming.  n108

   The court then considered the ownership issue. Curiously, the court did not
consider joint ownership, but rather stated,


     Mrs. Oetinger claims to be co-owner of all of the farm equipment. She
     does not set out the theory under which she deems herself entitled to
     ownership status, but the Court is of the opinion that the only way
     she can be co-owner of the equipment is by virtue of a partnership
     between her and her husband.  n109



Defending this turn to partnership law, the court noted that "a spouse does not
acquire a joint interest in all the property belonging to the other simply by
virtue of the marriage."  n110 The court cited Kansas law as specifically
providing that "a married person may carry on a trade or business on his or her
separate account and the earnings therefrom shall be his or her sole and
separate property" to be disposed of and invested in his or her own name."  n111
The court further noted that if "Mr. Oetinger were the only farmer in the
family, Mrs. Oetinger would not automatically acquire an ownership interest in
the farm earnings or property purchased with the earnings simply by virtue of
being married, because Kansas is not a community property jurisdiction."  n112

    [*716]  The court then turned to partnership law, stating that "a partner,
on the other hand, occupies a very different position. All property acquired by
a partnership is partnership property, in which each partner has an interest."
n113 The court relied on the definition of a partnership as "an association of
two or more persons to carry on as co-owners a business for profit" and held
that the Oetingers' farming operation met this definition.  n114 The court thus
held that Mr. and Mrs. Oetinger were partners, that the farm machinery was
partnership property, and that accordingly, Mrs. Oetinger held an interest in
the machinery as a partner.  n115

   A number of other cases have also addressed the role of husbands and wives
under partnership law. Several cases follow the reasoning set forth in Oetinger,
indicating that, at least under specific facts, in order to find that the wife
has an ownership interest in the farm assets, a partnership must be found.  n116
Absent joint title, these cases appear to state that joint ownership absent a
farm partnership is not possible. Of these cases, the courts are split as to
whether a partnership is created.  n117 At least two courts have analyzed a
family farm operation and ruled that an informal husband and wife partnership
was created without discussing joint ownership as an alternative.  n118
Unfortunately, there does not appear to be a clear pattern guiding the court's
analysis and the standards which evidence a partnership remain ambigious.  n119

    [*717]  Other courts have discussed partnership law, but held that joint
ownership is an alternative way for a family farm wife to establish an ownership
interest. For example, the court in In re Griffin declined to find a partnership
under facts similar to those in Oetinger.  n120 The court stated that "the mere
fact that the wife participates in the conduct of a business with her husband"
does not "necessarily establish a partnership between them, unless there exist
some other indicia of partnership and the intent to form a partnership is
clearly proven."  n121 One of the factors that the court found would indicate a
partnership was "proof of a right to a division of profits, instead of a deposit
of all profits into a joint account with the joint use of income."  n122 The
court held that despite the fact that the Griffins worked as a "team," because
there was no evidence of a specific method of profit sharing, no specific
evidence of an intent to create a partnership, and no evidence that they held
themselves out to be partners, no partnership would be found.  n123 As an
alternative route to establishing the wife's ownership interest, however, the
court found her to be a joint owner of the farm assets.  n124

   Thus, the application of partnership law to the family farm setting has
produced divergent results. Not only do the courts disagree as to the line
between partnership and non-partnership farming, there is not a clear
articulation of why they disagree. Moreover, the courts are split on the very
existence of an alternative to partnership law for finding an ownership interest
in the family farm wife. Admittedly, the finding of an informal partnership
under the Uniform Partnership Code is a murky task, nevertheless more clear
guidance from the courts would be of great assistance to farm lenders as well as
farm couples.

   In summary, there are several ways that a farm wife can establish her
ownership rights in farm property. A record of its existence as her own separate
pre-marital property or a title record evidencing some type of ownership are the
two most certain ways to establish this interest in a noncommunity property or
common law jurisdiction. It may also be possible, however, to establish her
interest as a joint owner or a partner. As the cases  [*718]  indicate, there is
no clear standard for establishing this interest under either theory.

B. IF THE WIFE DOES HAVE AN INTEREST IN FARM ASSETS, WHAT AUTHORITY OR CONTROL
CAN SHE EXERCISE OVER IT?

   The ownership of property generally carries with it the basic rights of
possession and control. The next issue to be addressed with regard to the rights
of farm wives is, assuming that they do own farm property, what rights and
responsibilities do they have with regard to that property?

   Under the general law established by the Married Women's Property Acts and
associated legislation, a married woman is free to exercise all incidents of
ownership over her property. That is, she is free to contract with regard to, to
sell or otherwise convey, to encumber, or to use in any way, her own separate
property.  n125 Similarly, a married woman's separate property is beyond the
reach of her husband's creditors with regard to his separate debts.  n126

   With regard to jointly held or husband and wife partnership property,
however, the issues become more difficult. Each spouse has an interest in this
property. Must decisions with regard to this property be made together, or is
one spouse authorized to control the interest of the other? Husbands and wives
obviously have the right to determine between themselves who will be responsible
for certain types of decisions and certain activities. However, when dealing
with decisions that affect the rights of third parties, legal controversy as to
the respective rights and authority of the spouses may arise.

   This potential controversy is best illustrated by reference to farm finance
and credit issues. As farming is recognized as a capital intensive business,
real estate and operating loans are essential to most farms. As such, along with
the ownership of farm property comes the decision whether to encumber that
property as security for loans. A prudent, or at least well-advised farm lender
will inquire as to the interests of the husband and wife, and unless ownership
is clearly only in one spouse, will require the signature of both on all loan
documents.

   With regard to titled property, it appears that most lenders follow this
"well-advised" course of action. It is clear from the case law, however, that
all lenders are not so well-advised with regard to untitled farm personal
[*719]  property, and in fact, many appear to make the assumption referenced in
the Schultz case that "the male operator of the farm [is] the actual owner of
all the assets."  n127 Their first consideration that the wife may have an
interest comes as a challenge to their rights as secured lender to proceed
against the collateral. The facts typically are that the wife claims an interest
in the farm property, and the bank did not obtain her signature on the loan
documents or the security agreement. The issue becomes whether the security
interest attached or is perfected with respect to her interest in the property.

   There are a number of published decisions addressing this fact pattern. The
legal theories generally advanced by creditors in these cases are the related
rules of either agency or partnership law. Examples of the application of these
theories to this fact pattern are set forth below.

1. Principles of Agency in the Family Farm Setting

   In some instances, a spouse is found to have acted as the agent of the other,
and if a principal-agent relationship is found, the law of agency will prevail.
Marriage alone does not create the presumption of an agency relationship between
the spouses,  n128 and unless statute provides otherwise, the burden of
establishing agency is on the asserting party.  n129 Nevertheless, agency law
has been applied to give legal effect to the husband's actions with regard to
property that is separately owned by the wife.  n130 It is thus no surprise that
with regard to jointly owned property, the courts have frequently found a
principal-agent relationship between farm spouses. For example, in the
previously discussed Slagle case,  n131 at issue was not only whether Mrs.
Slagle owned a one-half interest in the untitled farm property, but if so, did
the creditor's security interest extend to her ownership interest. Although Mrs.
Slagle was actively involved in the farming operation, only Mr. Slagle signed
the notes, security agreements and financing statements. Mrs. Slagle testified
that sometimes she did not know of her husband's borrowing until after the fact.

    [*720]  After finding that Mrs. Slagle was a joint owner of the farm
property at issue, the court held that Mrs. Slagle had authorized Mr. Slagle to
act as her agent in encumbering their jointly held property.  n132 The court
found that Mrs. Slagle was aware of all decisions with regard to the farm and
was aware that her husband was borrowing money to finance the operations, even
though she may have opposed some of the borrowing. The court held that her
"acquiescence to her husband's actions amounted to a ratification of them" and
held that her husband had acted as her agent.  n133 In further explaining the
agency relationship as applied to spouses, the court quoted the Nebraska Supreme
Court:


     Agency will not be presumed from the marital relation; but the fact
     that the wife has such knowledge [of husband's activity on her
     property], in the light of other evidence, may be of strong
     corroborative value. Owing to the close relationship existing between
     husband and wife, an agency by the husband may be created by slight
     circumstances.  n134 It is unnecessary that they enter into any formal
     contract of agency, nor is it necessary that the wife expressly state
     to her husband that she gives him authority to act. Such an agency may
     be inferred from the things said and acts done.  n135


   The Slagle court concluded by stating that it was "compelled to emphasize
that the question of whether a wife has authorized her husband to encumber her
property is strictly an issue of fact."  n136 The court stated that in
situations where the wife was unaware of the loans and was uninvolved in the
operation, a different result may be reached.  n137

   As suggested by the Slagle court, if it can be shown that the husband acted
without the wife's authority, she will generally not be bound.  n138 An  [*721]
agent generally does not bind the principal if his or her actions are
unauthorized. For example, in the Voegele case, the creditor argued that if Mrs.
Voegele had an interest in the farm property, she was nevertheless estopped from
challenging its security interest because her husband was acting as her agent
when he signed the security agreement.  n139 The court rejected this argument
and held that Mr. Voegele signed the security documents individually and not as
an agent for his wife.  n140

   Authorization, however, need not be express. One court found simply that the
wife's acquiescence to her husband's control of the farming operation authorized
him to sign security documents on her behalf without express authorization.
n141 Another court noted that for years the wife had "accepted the fact that her
husband was borrowing money and pledging as security for those loans all of the
assets of the farm."  n142

   Moreover, in some circumstances, the lack of authority defense, even if
established, may not prevail. Several courts have found that under specific
facts, the spouse is estopped from protesting against the actions of the other
spouse, even though authorization may not have been specifically given.  n143 If
it appears that the wife is allowing her husband to act as her agent with regard
to her property and a third person relies upon a good faith belief that agency
exists, at least two courts have held that the wife is estopped to deny that her
husband acted as her agent.  n144 She is thus, bound by his actions.  n145
Addressing the issue of estoppel and good faith reliance in this context,
however, the Voegele court held that "[a] party cannot evoke estoppel when it
could have discovered the true facts upon exercising reasonable prudence."  n146
The court found that the bank had "notice of her [Mrs. Voegele's ownership of
the property but failed to take cognizance of it."  n147 As such, Mrs. Voegele
was not estopped from claiming that her interest in the property had not been
encumbered.  n148

    [*722]  Adding a different twist, the Griffin court held that even though
agency existed between the spouses, the bank was still not protected.  n149 The
court found that Mr. Griffin's signature as agent for his wife was sufficient
for attachment of the security interest. The court also found, however, that the
financing statement, which was signed by Mr. Griffin alone, was seriously
misleading with regard to Mrs. Griffin's interest. This defect rendered the
security interest unperfected with regard to her interest in the farm assets.
n150

2. A Partner's Authority to Bind the Partnership

   In a number of cases, the courts have found that the partnership relationship
of the spouses authorized one spouse to act on behalf of the partnership and the
other spouse. Under the Uniform Partnership Code:


     every partner is an agent of the partnership for purposes of its
     business and the act of every partner, including the execution in the
     partnership name of any instrument, for apparently carrying on in the
     usual way the business of the partnership binds the partnership,
     unless the partner so acting has in fact no authority to act for the
     partnership in the particular matter, and the person with whom the
     partner is dealing has knowledge of the fact that the partner has no
     such authority.  n151


   The decision in the Oetinger case provides an example of the authority that
can be exerted by a partner over partnership property.  n152 As discussed supra,
in Oetinger, the court found that Mr. and Mrs. Oetinger operated their farm
business as a partnership and that all farm assets were partnership assets. As a
second issue, the Oetingers alleged that the bank had an unperfected security
interest in the farm equipment because it had failed to obtain Mrs. Oetinger's
signature on the financing statement. The court held that Mr. Oetinger's
signature on the financing statement bound the partnership. The court stated
that:


     Each partner is an agent of the partnership and may bind the
     partnership contractually with a third party. The exception to this is
     when a partner does not have actual  [*723]  authority and the third
     party dealing with the partner has actual notice of the partner's lack
     of authority. The mortgages entered into by Mr. Oetinger in this case
     are binding on the partnership and on Mrs. Oetinger as partner. Mr.
     Oetinger had apparent authority to bind the partnership and the lender
     had no notice of any lack of authority. The financial statements were
     signed by Mr. Oetinger and his signature is sufficient to bind the
     partnership and encumber Mrs. Oetinger's interest in the property.
     n153


   As further support for its holding, the court also found that Mrs. Oetinger,
in effect, ratified her husband's actions. The court stated that "ratification
is the adoption or confirmation by a principal of an act performed on his or her
behalf by an agent without authority."  n154 It may "consist of receiving and
retaining the benefits of the act."  n155 Upon acquiring knowledge of an agent's
unauthorized act, a principal has a duty to promptly repudiate the act. Without
this repudiation, ratification of the act is presumed.  n156 Because Mrs.
Oetinger was aware of her husband's actions and accepted the benefits of the
loan, she could not later claim that he acted without her authority. The court
therefore found that the creditor had a perfected security interest in Mrs.
Oetinger's share of the farm equipment.

   Following the reasoning of Oetinger, the bankruptcy court in In re Lapp,
n157 held that because the husband and wife acted as a farm partnership, the
husband's signature on the creditor's security agreement encumbered both of
their interests in the farm property.  n158 The court noted that a partner
ratifies the actions of the other partner by accepting the benefits of the
actions and not repudiating them. Mrs. Lapp, who never repudiated the security
interest her husband gave and who accepted the loan benefits, was precluded from
later objection. In effect, the court places a duty on farm wives to be more
involved and more assertive about their involvement or to risk being found to
have acquiesced in their husband's decision making.  n159

    [*724]  Reaching the same result, the court in Georgens v. Federal Deposit
Insurance Corp.  n160 held that a husband and wife farm partnership existed and
that accordingly, the husband had "apparent authority" to bind the partnership.
n161 Because Mrs. Georgens did not deny or withdraw this authority, but rather
accepted the benefits of the loans, she was estopped from denying the existence
of a secured interest in her share of the farm property.  n162

   In summary, even though a farm wife may establish that she holds an ownership
interest in the farm assets, she may not be found to have retained the authority
to make decisions regarding this property. Particularly with regard to the
rights of third parties, the courts may find that the wife expressly or
implicitly authorized her husband to encumber her interest in the property. Once
a farming partnership is found, this result is even more likely. If the wife
does not wish to grant this authority to her husband, she should be explicit and
direct in asserting this intention.

 [*725]  III. THE SPECIAL LAW OF FEDERAL FARM PROGRAMS: THE HUSBAND AND WIFE
RULE

Women do not lose their constitutionally protected liberty when they marry. The
Constitution protects all individuals, male or female, married or unmarried,
from the abuse of government power, even where that power is employed for the
supposed benefit of a member of the individual's family.  n163

   Despite both statutory  n164 and constitutional  n165 recognition of the
preservation of the legal rights of women after marriage, at least one vestige
of the unity of husbands and wives remains. This holdover from the archaic
common law tradition can be found in the payment limitations provisions of the
federal farm programs. While an analysis of the complexities of farm program law
with regard to payment limitations is far beyond the scope of this article, the
following summary provides a brief analysis of how payment limitations rules
have affected farm wives.  n166

   The amount of farm program payments that can be received is limited by
payment limitation rules authorized by statute and implemented by regulations.
n167 In general terms, these rules serve three functions. They set a cap on the
dollar amount that a producer can receive. They restrict  [*726]  eligibility
for payments to persons who are actively engaged in farming, and they limit a
producer's ability to create different entities that qualify separately for
payments.  n168

   The payment limitations rules set forth specific provisions applicable to
corporations, to partnerships and joint operators, and to husbands and wives.
The treatment of husbands and wives for payment limitations purposes has been a
controversial topic, one that resulted in specific, but unsuccessful legal
challenges, and two legislative amendments. Although much has been gained
politically for farm wives in this area, there remains a persistent effort to
retain the antiquated perceptions of wives one with their husbands.

A. HISTORICAL PERSPECTIVES ON THE HUSBAND AND WIFE RULE

   The Agricultural Adjustment Act of 1970 and the subsequent farm bill
legislation limited the amount of payments that a person could receive under
each of the various farm programs.  n169 The legislation also required the
Secretary of Agriculture to issue regulations defining the term "person" for
payment limitation purposes.  n170 The regulations promulgated by the Secretary
provided that for these purposes, a husband and wife would be considered one
person, eligible for one payment.  n171 This rule applied irrespective of the
nature of each spouse's interests and was irrebuttable.  n172

   A judicial challenge to the restrictive husband and wife rule was brought in
United States District Court for the District of Columbia.  n173 The plaintiffs,
a non-profit women's agricultural trade association, Women Involved in Farm
Economics (WIFE), did not challenge the application of the "separate person"
requirements to spouses, but rather challenged the irrebuttable presumption that
husbands and wives could not meet these "separate person" requirements. They
alleged that the irrefutable treatment  [*727]  of a husband and wife as one
person, while allowing other entities such as partnerships to meet the
requirements for multiple person status, violated the Fifth Amendment of the
Constitution as an infringement on the fundamental right to marry and as an
impermissible discrimination on the basis of gender. They also alleged that the
rule violated the Administrative Procedure Act both because it was arbitrary and
capricious and because it was promulgated in excess of the agency's statutory
authority.  n174

   While the case was pending, the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1987 was
passed.  n175 This legislation addressed the husband and wife rule and provided
that:


     such regulations shall provide that, with respect to any married
     couple, the husband and wife shall be considered to be one person,
     except that any married couple consisting of spouses who, prior to
     their marriage, were separately engaged in unrelated farming
     operations, each spouse shall be treated as a separate person with
     respect to the farming operation by such spouse so long as such
     operation brought into the marriage remains as a separate farming
     operation, for the purposes of the application of the limitations
     under this section.  n176



The Secretary of Agriculture was instructed to promulgate final regulations
implementing the amendments by August 1, 1988, effective for the 1989 crop year.
n177 Under the regulations effective beginning with the 1989 crop year, the
general rule was that spouses would be combined as one "person" with one
exception. This only exception applied in cases where the spouses had been
engaged in separate and unrelated farming operations prior to marriage and those
operations continued separately after marriage.  n178

   The district court in WIFE I, rejecting arguments that the case was moot
because of the statutory amendment, ruled in favor of the plaintiffs, holding
that the husband and wife rule violated both the Fifth Amendment and the
Administrative Procedure Act. The court rejected the government's argument that
the "economic interdependency of married couples" made it  [*728]  "too futile
and expensive" to evaluate their operations individually for compliance with the
payment limitation rules.  n179 The court stated that


     while marital status might be a relevant test of economic dependency
     for other statutory purposes, see, e.g., Jobst, 434 U.S. at 54, 98 S.
     Ct. at 99 (allocation of disability benefits), it is plainly
     irrelevant under the crop subsidy program. Indeed, the Secretary has
     seen fit to not make such stereotypical assumptions with regard to
     other economically dependent entities, e.g., partnerships, and instead
     created substantive criteria for them to meet in order to be eligible
     for payments. Rationally, the same analysis should apply to married
     couples.  n180


   The court was also persuaded by the plaintiff's argument that the "plain and
ordinary meaning of the term 'person' requires rejection of the archaic notion
that husbands and wives are one 'person'."  n181 Although the court rejected the
argument that the regulation interfered with the right to marry, the court held
that the payment limitation rule based on marital status was "not rationally
related to achievement of the legitimate government purpose" and as such, was
unconstitutional.  n182 The court also held that the regulation violated the
Administrative Procedure Act in that it was "not consistent with the agency's
statutory mandate to interpret the term 'person' fairly and reasonably in
accordance with the congressional mandate to encourage participation in the farm
crop subsidy program."  n183 Accordingly, the court enjoined enforcement of the
rule.  n184

   The USDA appealed the case, and the Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit reversed.  n185 The appellate court rejected the argument that
the regulation was not authorized by the statutes and held that the regulation
was a reasonable interpretation of the underlying statutory provisions.  n186
The court based this holding on its findings that Congress was "concerned about
the public outcry against what were perceived as excessive crop subsidy
payments,"  n187 the express directive in the statute for the  [*729]  Secretary
to define "person" status, and "closeness of the family relationship."  n188
With regard to the latter rationale, the court accepted the agency's argument
that it would be "particularly difficult" to analyze the husband and wife's
"separate economic contributions" to their farming operations.  n189 This
argument is based on the agency's admission that "it is exceedingly difficult,
if not impossible, to draw an exception for the unusual husband and wife that
maintain economic independence without enabling every farm couple to qualify."
n190 For these reasons, the court held that the regulation was authorized by and
consistent with the statutory authority given to the Secretary.  n191

   After finding that the regulation was consistent with and authorized by the
statutes, the court addressed the constitutionality of both the regulation and
the underlying statute.  n192 Consistent with the district court's analysis, the
appellate court held that there was not direct and substantial interference with
the right to marry, a finding that would indicate heightened scrutiny.  n193
Applying the rational basis analysis, however, the appellate court  [*730]
reversed the district court, holding that the restriction on husbands and wives
was rationally related to a legitimate government purpose.  n194 The court
denied that "sexual stereotyping" was at issue, stating that there was no
evidence that the regulation implied "anything at all about the respective roles
of men and women in a marriage."  n195 Rather, the court concluded that the
challenged regulation did no more than to assume that "married men and women
constitute one economic unit."  n196 The court noted that special treatment of
husbands and wives is permissible in other contexts, e.g. income taxation, food
stamp availability, estate taxation, and accordingly, the court found it to be
permissible with regard to farm program payments.  n197 The plaintiffs
petitioned for review by the Supreme Court, but review was denied.  n198

B. THE CURRENT HUSBAND AND WIFE RULE

   The Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990  n199 again
changed the husband and wife rule, furthering the exceptions to the general
requirement that they be treated as one person. According to this statute, "at
the option of the Secretary," a husband and wife could be treated as separate
persons for payment limitations if they each meet all of the requirements for
separate person status imposed on other individuals, and if they do not hold,
directly or indirectly a substantial beneficial interest in more than one entity
earning a payment.  n200

   Subsequent to the 1990 legislation, the Secretary exercised his "option" and
amended the regulations.  n201 It is now possible for a husband and wife to
obtain separate payments provided that they meet the separate person test, and
provided that they do not have a substantial beneficial interest in more than
one entity earning a payment, including the spouses themselves. But  [*731]  for
the one entity rule, they are treated just as a farm partnership would be
treated for purposes of payment limitations.  n202 Much of what WIFE was unable
to win in court was obtained through amendments to the statute and regulations.
Although the one entity rule precludes husbands and wives from obtaining the
same level of maximization of payments that would be available to separate
individuals, wives have come a long way toward status as real farmers under the
farm programs.

   CONCLUSION

   There is little doubt that women in pre-industrialized agriculture were a
vital component of the traditional family farm. Historians and anthropologists
recognize that in the Midwestern farm family in the latter half of the
nineteenth century, both male and female tasks were "central to the maintenance
of the economic health of the family farm."  n203 Even the folklore of this time
period acknowledged the central role that female work played in farming, and
farmers (male) were advised "of the need to marry a 'good strong woman.'"  n204

   There can also be little doubt that society has changed dramatically since
that time period. While these changes have had a dramatic impact on farming, the
integral role of the farm wife in the majority of family farm operations remains
intact. While her role may have changed, her importance to the farming operation
has not.  n205

   Despite this importance, many husbands and wives involved in family farming
operations continue to disregard their respective interests, either assuming or
never questioning the ownership status of the farm assets.  [*732]  When asked
to sort out this status, the courts have failed to develop consistent guidelines
by which to evaluate the role of the typical family farm wife. Husbands and
wives who operate their farming operation together are well advised to give
careful consideration to their legal status and its potential interpretation by
the courts in their jurisdiction.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Estate, Gift & Trust LawCommunity PropertyGeneral OverviewFamily LawMarital
Duties & RightsProperty RightsCharacterizationCommunity PropertyFamily
LawMarital Duties & RightsProperty RightsCharacterizationSeparate Property

FOOTNOTES:




n1  DON E. ALBRECHT & STEVE H. MURDOCK, THE SOCIOLOGY OF U.S. AGRICULTURE 50
(1990).




n2  Support for the family farm has led to the formation and subsequent reform
of government sponsored lending programs such as the Farmers Home Administration
that target family farming operations. See 7 U.S.C. § 1921 (1992). Numerous
non-profit organizations such as Farm-Aid, the Center for Rural Affairs, and
Farmers Legal Action Group, were formed and continue to exist primarily to
support family farming. The current farm program has been under increasing
criticism for failing to target payments to family farms. Christopher R. Kelley
& Alan R. Malasky, Federal Farm Program Payment-Limitations Law: A Lawyer's
Guide, 17 WM. MITCHELL L. REV. 199, 205 n.7 (1991). But see generally
Christopher R. Kelley, Rethinking the Equities of Federal Farm Programs, 14 N.
ILL. U. L. REV. 613 (1994) (questioning the wisdom of targeting farm program
payments to small farm operations). For a fascinating analysis of the popular
image of farming and a frank discussion of our perceptions, see WILLIAM P.
BROWNE ET AL., SACRED COWS AND HOT POTATOES: AGRARIAN MYTHS IN AGRICULTURAL
POLICY (1992).




n3  See MARTY STRANGE, FAMILY FARMING: A NEW ECONOMIC VISION 3 (1988), (A book
"unabashed in its advocacy for family farming," Marty Strange describes family
farming as "[a] system of small-scale, widely dispersed farms, owned and
operated by independent proprietors who are permitted to enjoy the fruits of
their efforts."). This definition invokes size, ownership and structural
requirements in addition to assuming the family focus. For purposes of this
article, the author prefers the less restrictive and perhaps less fanciful
definition referenced in BROWNE ET AL., supra note 2, at 30. This definition,
attributed to rural sociologists Kevin Goss, Richard Rodefeld and Frederick
Buttel, defines the family farm as "any operation where the family owns a
majority of the capital resources (land, machinery, buildings), makes the
majority of management decisions, and provides the majority of labor." Id.




n4  For example, under Minnesota law, a "family farm" is defined as an
"unincorporated farming unit owned by one or more persons residing on the farm
or actively engaged in farming." MINN. STAT. § 500.24(2)(b) (1994). Corporations
and partnerships are permitted to own farm land only if they meet certain
specified criteria. This law has as its stated purpose: "to encourage and
protect the family farm as a basic economic unit, to insure it as the most
socially desirable mode of agricultural production, and to enhance and promote
the stability and well-being of rural society in Minnesota and the nuclear
family." MINN. STAT. § 500.24, subd. 1 (1994). In an attempt to achieve this
broad purpose, the law essentially provides that corporations, limited liability
companies, pension or investment funds, and limited partnerships could not
engage in farming or own farm land. It then provides a number of specifically
defined exceptions to this blanket prohibition. With regard to corporations, the
law defines what it terms "family farm corporations" and "authorized farm
corporations" according to their ownership and structure. These types of
corporations are exempted from the general prohibition. Similarly, the law
defines categories that it terms "family farm partnerships" and "authorized farm
partnerships" that are also exempted from the prohibition. MINN. STAT. § 500.24
(1994).




n5  The Minnesota law referenced in note 4 restricts "family farm partnerships"
and "family farm corporations" to entities in which a majority of the
stockholders or partners are "persons or the spouse of persons related to each
other within the third degree of kindred according to the rules of civil law."
MINN. STAT. § 500.24(c), (h) (1994). The statute also contains provisions for
"authorized" corporations and partnerships that are not held to the famial
restrictions. MINN. STAT. § 500.24(d), (i) (1994).




n6  U.S. GEN. ACCOUNTING OFFICE, PUB. NO. RCED-87-144, ANALYSIS OF OPTIONS FOR
TARGETING PAYMENTS AND CROP LOANS (1987).




n7  Chapter 12 bankruptcy reorganization is available to "family farmers," the
definition of which includes the requirement that the farming operation's
"aggregate debts do not exceed $ 1,500,000." 11 U.S.C. § 101(18) (1992),
referencing 11 U.S.C. §§ 1201-1231 (1992).




n8  With due deference to ranchers, for simplicity, the terms "farmer" and
"farming" will be used to encompass all persons and activities associated with
agriculture.




n9  An excellent tribute to some of the most active women farmers during the
farm financial crisis of the 1980's can be found in DIANNA HUNTER, BREAKING HARD
GROUND: STORIES OF THE MINNESOTA FARM ADVOCATES (1990). This book presents an
oral history of the Minnesota Farm Advocate Program, a program which relied
heavily on the strength and integrity of certain Minnesota farm women.




n10  Feeder Pigs Are Fun, HIGH PLAINS J., Apr. 25, 1994, at 1 (featuring Marsha
Sumter, president-elect of the South Dakota Pork Producers Council). Ms Sumter
is a member of a family farm corporation in South Dakota. According to her
description of the division of labor in her family, her husband handles the
mechanical repair and service of the farm machinery and equipment, her brother
raises sheep, and she raises the hogs.




n11  Elise Boulding, The Labor of U.S. Farm Women: A Knowledge Gap, 7 SOC. OF
WORK & OCC. 261, 275 (1980).




n12  For an excellent statistical and anecdotal analysis of farm women, see
RACHEL A. ROSENFELD, FARM WOMEN, 269-71 (1985). Rosenfeld used the date from the
1980 Farm Women Survey, the first national survey of farm women, to examine
women's participation in farming operations. With regard to the work that farm
women do, she notes that frequently family and farm related tasks undertaken by
the farm wife blend together both in time and function. The majority of farm
women have these blended responsibilities on the farm. Tasks in this overlapping
category include growing and preserving food for the family, meal preparation
for the family and other farm laborers, and supervision of the children.
Nevertheless, of the "pure" farming tasks, a majority of the women surveyed
performed the "traditional" farm wife tasks of running farm related errands and
bookkeeping in addition to their role in the family. The majority of women
assisted in the care of farm animals and participated in at least some aspects
of the farm financial decision making. About half said that they assisted with
harvesting. Almost 40% said they took some part in technical farm decision
making such as trying new crops and when to market. 55% considered themselves to
be one of the main farm operators, and 60% of the married women felt they could
run the farm without a husband. Moreover, the participation of women in the
family farming operation is not a recent phenomenon. A North Carolina farm wife
summarized her daily routine in 1939 as follows:

     I was hollered out of bed at four o'clock and after I'd got the house
     cleaned up if I didn't go to the branch to wash, I went to the field
     to hoe. When I seen the sun get to noon I went back to the house an
     cooked dinner. Then when I'd hung my dishrag on the plum bush outside
     the kitchen door I grabbed my splitbonnet and took back to the
     cornfield.


JACK T. KIRBY, RURAL WORLDS LOST - THE AMERICAN SOUTH 1920-1960 157 (1987)
(citation omitted). There is evidence, also, of a "new breed" of young farmers
that not only both actively contribute to the farming operation, but also view
the husband and wife as equal partners in the operation. ROSENFELD, supra at 111
(citations omitted).




n13  Rosenfeld, supra note 12, at 111. It is interesting to note that although
the importance of these "traditional" functions of the farm wife have frequently
been downplayed, financial planning and management decisions are now recognized
by agricultural economists as central to the survival of the modern farming
enterprise.




n14  Due to the "unique nature of farm production," agriculture is presented
with difficult labor problems. ALBRECHT & MURDOCK, supra note 1, at 56.
Dependent upon biological processes, a farming operation may require extensive
amounts of labor at certain points in the year and relatively little labor at
other points. Rural sociologists have observed that this labor problem was
addressed differently in different regions of the country. In the west, migrant
laborers were employed and in the south, first slavery, then sharecropping was
used. In the midwest, family farming was the solution. Id. at 56-57 (citations
omitted).




n15  ROSENFELD, supra note 12, at 280 (citing Thomas Moore, Walters Enjoys Farm
Life, CHAPEL HILL NEWSP. (North Carolina), Nov. 27, 1984, at A-6).




n16  See, e.g., Andersen v. Andersen, 374 N.W.2d 499, 502 (Minn. Ct. App. 1985)
(recognizing the wife's "substantial contribution" to the farming operation in
that she had off-farm employment that helped pay family expenses); Kittelson v.
Kittelson, 272 N.W.2d 86, 89 (S.D. 1978) (finding that wife "clearly contributed
in a substantive manner to the accumulation of the marital property" where the
earnings from her part time job were applied to tractor gasoline bills and basic
family needs). But see In re Marriage of Lattig, 318 N.W.2d 811, 814 (Iowa Ct.
App. 1982) (wife found to not have contributed to the farming operation when
"biggest share" of off-farm income was used for her children, though some
groceries and meals were also purchased). The importance of off-farm income to
the financial stability of smaller farming operations has been observed, and
researchers state that "female members of farm families are becoming
increasingly important in the non-farm labor force." ALBRECHT & MURDOCK, supra
note 1, at 48-49. A 1980 study indicated that "both husbands and wives gave
financing farm investment" as one reason for off farm employment. ROSENFELD,
supra note 12, at 145 (citing RYOHEI KADA, PART-TIME FAMILY FARMING: OFF-FARM
EMPLOYMENT AND FARM ADJUSTMENTS IN THE UNITED STATES AND JAPAN (1980)).




n17  There are, of course, exceptions. In the case of Owen v. Owen, 351 N.W.2d
139 (S.D. 1984), an appeal from the property division set forth in a dissolution
decree, the court noted that the farm wife had not only not contributed, she had
"in fact, hindered the farm operation." Id. at 142. Further explanation was not
provided in the opinion.




n18  For example, the Economic Research Service of the USDA recently published a
report on women farm landlords. This report revealed that "forty percent of
private (that is, non-corporate, non-public) agricultural landlords are women,
and they control 40 percent of the privately held farmland rented out."
Nevertheless, despite the fact that "women who own and lease out farmland form a
large portion of farm landlords . . . their role in the farmland leasing market
has largely been unexplored." DENISE M. ROGERS & ANN M. VANDEMAN, WOMEN FARM
LANDLORDS IN THE UNITED STATES 1 (USDA Economic Research Service, Agric. Info.
Bull. 681, 1993).




n19  ROSENFELD, supra note 12, at 269. A judicial example of this under
appreciation can be found in Meservey v. Merservey, 841 S.W.2d 240 (Mo. Ct. App.
1992). Here, the state appellate court reversed the trial court finding that the
wife's labor contributed to the increase in value of the stock of the family
farm corporation. The court stated that "the record evinces Ms. Meservey's
devotion to the family farming operation without compensation and in addition to
her usual family duties: she took meals to field workers, fed the livestock,
moved farm machinery, and located parts for repairs." Id. at 246. Nevertheless,
the court declined to characterize her efforts as "substantial marital effort,"
noting that she had "failed to show the value of those services and to prove any
connection between the performance of those services and the increase in the
value of the corporate stock." Id. But see, Craig v. United States, 451 F. Supp.
378, 381 (D.S.D. 1978) (comforts provided to hired help instrumental in
obtaining quality farm help).




n20  The perception of farming as a male occupation persists and acts as a
social barrier to wives seeking greater involvement in the family farm
operation. In a family farm case in which a bank failed to obtain the wife's
signature on loan documents, and in which the facts revealed that the wife was
integrally involved in the farming operation, the wife testified that the banker
told her that "a wife usually didn't know much about this stuff, about the
banking and farming part." Farmers Sec. Bank of Zumbrota v. Voegele, 386 N.W.2d
760, 763 n.4 (Minn. Ct. App. 1986). She also testified that when she and her
husband went to the bank, the president would meet with her husband rather than
her. Id. A bank employee testified that it was the "practice" of the bank "just
to deal with the husband of the farm family." Id.




n21  Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Penn. v. Casey, 112 S. Ct. 2791, 2830
(1992).




n22  Bradwell v. Illinois, 16 U.S.(1 Wall.) 130, 141 (1873) (reaffirming the
common-law principle that a "woman had no legal existence separate from her
husband, who was regarded as her head and representative in the social state).
See Casey, 112 S.Ct. at 2830-31. For an excellent analysis of historical
development of the property rights of married women, see MARYLYNN SALMON, WOMEN
AND THE LAW OF PROPERTY IN EARLY AMERICA (1986). See also Scott Greene,
Comparison of the Property Aspects of the Community Property and Common-Law
Marital Property Systems and Their Relative Compatibility with the Current View
of the Marriage Relationship and Rights of Women, 13 CREIGHTON L. REV. 71, 76-79
(1979). Greene described the effect of marriage in terms of two major
principles, one revoking the woman's legal status and the other abolishing her
property rights:

     The early common-law property system can be characterized by two major
     principles which became applicable on marriage. First, the wife's
     legal identity merged into that of the husband's and ceased to exist.
     Second, there was a total domination of the wife by the husband. The
     husband became absolute owner of his wife's chattels and, while not
     given title to his wife's land, he did acquire valuable rights
     therein, including the estate by marital rights or jure uxoris and
     curtesy. These rights taken together deprived the wife of her chattels
     and of virtually all the valuable rights in her land.


Id. at 77 (citations omitted).




n23  SALMON, supra note 22, at 41.




n24  ELIZABETH B. WARBASSE, THE CHANGING LEGAL RIGHTS OF MARRIED WOMEN
1800-1861, 7 (1987) (citing 2 WILLIAM BLACKSTONE, COMMENTARIES *433).




n25  Id. at 9.




n26  For a discussion of the reasoning behind this restriction, see SALMON,
supra note 22 at 41-44. According to Salmon, Blackstone attributed this rule to
the unity of husband and wife. Other jurists, notably Tapping Reeve, Connecticut
Supreme Court Justice, argued that two other reasons supported the rule. First,
judicial acceptance of coercion of wives by their husbands made all contracts
signed by married women suspect. In this regard, the courts acted for the good
of women by removing a wife's ability to contract. Second, were a woman to be
bound by her contracts, it followed that she could be imprisoned for the breach
of that contract. This would deprive her husband of the company of his wife, and
the right of a husband to the person of his wife "is a right guarded by the law
with the utmost solicitude." Id. at 41-42 (citations omitted).




n27  Under common law traditions, a married couple was considered to be one
entity, becoming in effect one person after marriage. See supra notes 21-22 and
the accompanying text. Although some legal remnants of this doctrine remain,
see, e.g., infra, section III regarding person status for payment limitations
purposes, it is no longer an accepted view of the marriage relationship. As the
United States Supreme Court stated, "Nowhere in the common-law world--indeed in
any modern society--is a woman regarded as chattel or demeaned by denial of a
separate legal identity and the dignity associated with recognition as a whole
human being." Trammel v. United States, 445 U.S. 40, 52 (1980).




n28  JOHN E. CRIBBET, PRINCIPLES OF THE LAW OF PROPERTY 86 (1975).




n29  David H. Bromfield, 1987 Survey of Books Relating to the Law, III. Legal
History, Review of Women and the Law of Property in Early America, 85 MICH. L.
REV. 1109 (1987).




n30  The continued recognition of the estate of tenancy by the entireties in
some jurisdictions represents one way in which the Married Women's Property Acts
failed to completely remove the husband's legal dominance over his wife's
property. Under early common law, a tenancy by the entireties, arising when
property was conveyed to a husband and wife with unity of time, title, interest
and possession, the husband held numerous rights including possession,
management and alienation. As the Married Women's Property Acts did not mention
this estate specifically, jurisdictions differed widely on their interpretation
of the continued validity of the estate. Greene, supra note 22, at 81 (citations
omitted).




n31  Greene, supra note 22, at 79-80.




n32  41 C.J.S. Husband And Wife § 14 (1991).




n33  See, e.g., MINN. STAT. § 519.01 (1994). This statute provides that:

     women shall retain the same legal existence and legal personality
     after marriage as before, and every married woman shall receive the
     same protection of her rights as a woman which her husband does as a
     man, including the right to appeal to the courts in her own name alone
     for protection or redress.


Id.




n34  See, e.g., MINN. STAT. § 519.02 (1994). This statute provides that:

     all property, real, personal, and mixed, and all choses in action,
     owned by any woman at the time of her marriage, shall continue to be
     her separate property, notwithstanding such marriage; and any married
     woman, during coverture, may receive, acquire, and enjoy property of
     every description, and the rents, issues and profits thereof, and all
     avails of her contracts and industry, free from the control of her
     husband, and from any liability on account of his debts, as fully as
     if she were unmarried.


Id.




n35  See, e.g., MINN. STAT. § 519.03 (1994). This statute provides that:

     every married woman is bound by her contracts and responsible for her
     torts, and her property shall be liable for her debts and torts to the
     same extent as if unmarried. She may make any contract which she could
     make if unmarried and shall be bound thereby, except that every
     conveyance and contract for the sale of real estate or any interest
     therein, shall be subject to and governed by the provisions of section
     507.02.


Id.




n36  See, e.g., MINN. STAT. § 519.05 (1994). This statute provides that:

     [a] spouse is not liable for any debts of the other spouse, except for
     necessaries furnished to the other after marriage, where the spouse
     would be liable at common law. Where husband and wife are living
     together, they shall be jointly and severally liable for all necessary
     household articles and supplies furnished to and used by the family.


Id. As an example of the application of this type of statute, see Freeman v.
Heiman, 426 F.2d 1050 (10th Cir. 1970). Applying the Oklahoma version of one of
the Married Women's Property Acts, the court held that the wife's property,
including her individually owned horses, could not be subjected to a creditor's
lien pursuant to a judgment against her husband. Summarizing Oklahoma law on
this subject, the court stated:

     Mrs. Heiman was not a party to the action nor the supplemental
     proceedings in aid of execution. The only testimony in the record is
     that the horses and the stock belonged to Mrs. Heiman. Under Oklahoma
     law the separate property of a wife cannot be subjected to the claims
     of the husband's creditors. (citation omitted) In Oklahoma a wife has
     the same freedom of contract with regard to her separate property as
     the husband. There is no presumption that the property acquired by the
     wife during the marriage was paid for by funds furnished by the
     husband and subject to his debts. (citations omitted) Under these
     circumstances the court lacked the requisite jurisdiction to enter any
     order affecting Mrs. Heiman's property.


Id. at 1053 (citations omitted). A different result would have been reached had
the creditor at issue proved that the property did not belong individually to
Mrs. Heiman or if the debt at issue had been a joint obligation.




n37  See, e.g., Denoncourt v. Commonwealth, 470 A.2d 945, 947 (Pa. 1983); Estate
of Grossman, 406 A.2d 726, 732 (Pa. 1979).




n38  As will be discussed, the right to acquire property during the marriage and
retain separate title to the exclusion of one's spouse may be somewhat
restricted in community property states. See infra notes 45-50 and accompanying
text.




n39  United States v. Davis, 370 U.S. 65 (1962); see also In re Lapp, 66 B.R.
67, 69 (Bankr. D. Colo. 1986); In re Wolsky, 53 B.R. 751, 754 (Bankr. D.N.D.
1985); In re Oetinger, 49 B.R. 41, 43 (Bankr. D. Kan. 1985) (specifically in the
context of family farm property). For a discussion of the common law approach to
property allocation between spouses, see LAWRENCE J. GOLDEN, EQUITABLE
DISTRIBUTION OF PROPERTY 4-5 (1983).




n40  41 C.J.S. Husband & Wife, § 122 (1991); see, e.g., United States v.
McConkey, 430 F.2d 652 (9th Cir. 1970). For a general discussion of the
community property system of property allocation see GOLDEN, supra note 39, at
5-7.




n41  See, e.g., Fisher v. Fisher, 383 P.2d 840, 842 (Idaho 1982); Cain v. Cain,
536 S.W.2d 866 (Mo. Ct. App. 1976).




n42  See, e.g., Harper v. Harper, 448 A.2d 916, 929 (Md. 1982); Tibbetts v.
Tibbetts, 406 A.2d 70, 77 (Me. 1979); Hoffman v. Hoffman, 676 S.W.2d 817, 824-25
(Mo. 1984).




n43  See, e.g., In re Marriage of Komnick, 417 N.E.2d 1305 (Ill. 1981).




n44  United States v. Davis, 370 U.S. 65 (1962). In the family farm context, see
In re Brollier, 165 B.R. 286, 291 (Bankr. W.D. Okla. 1994). For this reason, the
decisions issued in dissolution cases are generally only instructive in so far
as they discuss the ownership of property prior to the divorce.




n45  For a discussion of community property system, see Greene, supra note 22,
at 72-76.




n46  GOLDEN, supra note 39, at 6.




n47  See Greene, supra note 22, at 82.




n48  41 C.J.S. Husband & Wife § 136 (1991).




n49  Greene, supra note 22, at 87.




n50  Id.




n51  The Mice in Council, in AESOP FABLES (Thomas James trans., 1848). The fable
supporting this moral is as follows:

     Once upon a time, the mice, being sadly distressed by the persecution
     of the cat, resolved to call a meeting, to decide upon the best means
     of getting rid of this continual annoyance. Many plans were discussed
     and rejected; at last a young mouse got up and proposed that a bell
     should be hung around the cat's neck, that they might for the future
     always have notice of her coming, and so be able to escape. This
     proposition was hailed with the greatest applause, and was agreed to
     at once unanimously. Upon which the old mouse, who had sat silent all
     the while, got up and said that he considered the contrivance most
     ingenious, and that it would, no doubt, be quite successful; but he
     had only one short question to put, namely, which of them it was who
     would bell the cat?


Id. While it is not to be inferred that the granting of legal ownership rights
to married women is dangerous, i.e., akin to the belling of a cat by a mouse,
the difficulty that the courts have encountered in making a determination that a
farm wife owns one half of the family farm exemplifies the proverb. Moreover, as
will be discussed, some courts do seem remarkably adverse to such a finding,
although one would not expect them to question the underlying right of married
women to own property. Placing the bell on the cat in a specific case may be
more painful than agreeing to the abstract concept.




n52  Infra notes 72-124 and accompanying text. Some courts imply that
co-ownership is not an option and focus their decision solely on partnership
law. Infra notes 109-17.




n53  Because ownership of stock in a family farm corporation is established
clearly by shares held, this topic is usually only contested in dissolution
actions. It will not be addressed further herein.




n54  Income earned from separate property is considered marital property in some
jurisdictions. Similarly, improvements made to separate property or commingling
of separate property with marital assets may create a joint interest. Greene,
supra note 22, at 72-73 nn.5-6 and accompanying text.




n55  See supra notes 41-42 and the accompanying text.




n56  As a general rule, the law of the matrimonial domicile controls the
property rights of the husband and wife. See, e.g., Poe v. Seaborn, 282 U.S.
101, 110 (1930).




n57  A state statute may extend the community property system to nonresidents
who purchase real estate within the community property state. 41 C.J.S. Husband
& Wife § 125 (1991). See, e.g., Black v. Commissioner, 114 F.2d 355, 357 (9th
Cir. 1940).




n58  430 F.2d 652 (9th Cir. 1970).




n59  Id. at 653.




n60  Id. (citing IDAHO CODE § 32-912).




n61  Id.




n62  The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals also addressed the community property
rules as applied to agricultural interests in the case of Reimann v. United
States, 315 F.2d 746 (9th Cir. 1963). This case concerned a Soil Bank
Conservation Reserve Contract signed only by the husband. The contract evidenced
enrollment in a government conservation program whereby farmers removed certain
acreage from cultivation. The husband in this case sought release from his
contractual obligations on the grounds that his wife had not signed the
contract. He argued that the contract constituted an encumbrance on their
community property farm. The court, however, rejected his arguments, holding
that the contract was not an encumbrance, but rather, was a personal agreement
relating to the management and control of the farm. Under state law, the husband
was authorized to manage the property, and his wife need not join in the
contract in order for it to be valid. Id. at 749.




n63  Id. The use of principles of agency to authorize the husband to act on
behalf of his wife is discussed infra notes 128-50 and accompanying text.




n64  41 C.J.S. Husband & Wife § 166 (1991).




n65  See, e.g., Ballard v. United States, 645 F. Supp. 788, 791 (D. Mont. 1986)
(Montana has not adopted community property laws, therefore property can be
owned and controlled separately by each spouse; marital status alone does not
establish an ownership interest in property).




n66  United States v. Denlinger, 982 F.2d 233, 235 (7th Cir. 1992).




n67  Id.




n68  Id.




n69  Id.




n70  Id. (citing IND. CODE ANN. § 29-1-2-3.1 (West 1979)). The taxpayer had
conveyed the property to a church, a conveyance held to be invalid because of
fraud.




n71  There are, of course exceptions to this rule. In the Wisconsin case of Wall
v. Department of Rev., 458 N.W.2d 814 (Wis. Ct. App. 1990), the court held that
"ownership means substantially more in the way of enjoyment or the possession of
other indicia of ownership than bare or paper title. Beneficial ownership,
therefore, not mere technical title is determinative." Id. at 817 (citations
omitted). At issue was investment property that a married couple had purchased
jointly. Through the seller's mistake, however, title to the property had been
placed in the wife's name alone. Both husband and wife's names appeared on the
mortgage note, and but for the actual deed, all pertinent documents related to
the sale listed both names. The Wisconsin Department of Revenue objected to the
husband's claim of a loss for tax purposes on the property, arguing that he was
not the owner of the property. The court rejected this argument and held that
the property was in joint ownership. Id. See also In re Brollier, 165 B.R. 286,
291 (Bankr. W.D. Okla. 1994) (wife found to have ownership interest for purposes
of 11 U.S.C. § 363(i) (1988) despite title in husband's name alone).




n72  See, e.g., In re Griffin, 141 B.R. 207 (Bankr. D. Kan. 1992). The
distinctions between the several forms of co-ownership, i.e., joint tenancy,
tenancy by the entirety and tenancy in common are beyond the scope of this
discussion.




n73  Many of the cases discussing the role of the wife in the family farm
setting arise in dissolution actions. As principles of equitable distribution
frequently cause the court in these actions to make property awards inconsistent
with legal ownership, these cases often do not address the fundamental question
of joint ownership. For example, the bankruptcy court in In re Wolsky, 53 B.R.
751 (Bankr. D.N.D. 1985) rejected the farm wife's reliance on dissolution
precedent for determining her interest in the farm property. The court stated
that the cited case dealt "with the equitable distribution of property in a
divorce proceeding and not the issue of legal ownership of property . . . ." Id.
at 754 n.1. The court found the precedent "neither persuasive nor controlling."
Id. at 755. Other types of cases that address the issue of farm wife ownership
of family farm property include secured transaction disputes, bankruptcy
litigation and estate taxation. Given the assets and the number of family
operated farms involved, there are surprisingly few decisions, however, that
have addressed this fundamental question.




n74  In re Slagle, 78 B.R. 570 (Bankr. D. Neb. 1987).




n75  Id. at 571-72.




n76  Id. at 572.




n77  386 N.W.2d 760 (Minn. Ct. App. 1986).




n78  Id. at 762. The bank argued against Mrs. Voegele's claim of a one half
interest in the property and alternatively alleged that Mrs. Voegele was
estopped from challenging their right to the property. This alternative
allegation was based on the argument that Mr. Voegele acted as his wife's agent
in encumbering the assets. The court also rejected this allegation. Id.




n79  See, e.g., In re Kobs, 163 B.R. 368, 372-74 (Bankr. D. Kan. 1994) (wife is
found to be co-owner of farm equipment and found to perform numerous farming
tasks sufficient to classify her occupation as farming; wife's claim of "tools
of the trade" exemption in farming equipment valid); In re Meckfessel, 67 B.R.
277, 278 (Bankr. D. Kan. 1986) (wife who "helps farm their mutual property for
their mutual debt" is allowed to claim "tools of the trade" exemption in farm
equipment based on testimony regarding her participation in farming activities);
In re Schroeder, 62 B.R. 604, 606 (Bankr. D. Kan. 1986) (wife's testimony
established that she was a farming partner with her husband; "tools of the
trade" exemption allowed for partnership farm equipment); In re Oetinger, 49
B.R. 41, 43 (Bankr. D. Kan. 1985) (same); but see In re Indvik, 118 B.R. 993
(Bankr. N.D. Iowa 1990) (brothers' farming operation found to be a partnership;
individual partners not allowed to claim partnership property as exempt under
Iowa law).




n80  141 B.R. 207 (Bankr. D. Kan. 1992).




n81  Id. at 210.




n82  Id.




n83  Id.




n84  Id. at 211.




n85  Farmers & Merchants Nat'l Bank v. Schulz (In re Schulz), 63 B.R. 168
(Bankr. D. Neb. 1986).




n86  Id. at 171-72.




n87  Id. at 170.




n88  Id.




n89  Id. at 171-72.




n90  Id. at 171 (citing In re Estate of Carman, 327 N.W.2d 611 (Neb. 1982)).




n91  Id. (citing Peterson v. Massey, 53 N.W.2d 912 (Neb. 1952)).




n92  Id. (citing In re Whiteside's Estate, 67 N.W.2d 141 (Neb. 1954).




n93  Id. at 171-72.




n94  In re Estate of Carman, 327 N.W.2d 611 (Neb. 1982).




n95  Id. at 614.




n96  Id.




n97  Id. The court, however, acknowledged a number of tax court cases that have
supported the wife's position. Id. (citing Craig v. United States, 451 F. Supp.
378 (N.D.S.D. 1978); In re Estate of Kersten, 239 N.W.2d 86 (Wis. 1976); Estate
of Everett Otte, 41 T.C.M. 72,076 (1972)).




n98  Carman, 327 N.W.2d at 614 (citing Peterson v. Massey, 53 N.W.2d 912 (Neb.
1952); Brodsky v. Brodsky, 272 N.W. 919 (Neb. 1937)).




n99  The court in In re Brollier, 165 B.R. 286 (Bankr. W.D. Okla. 1994) raised
the distinction between a wife alleging an interest in her husband's property,
e.g., in a dissolution action, and a wife claiming an independent interest as
co-owner of property. Id. at 291. The court discussed the Kansas state law
regarding dissolution actions, then noted, "that issue is different from the
issue at hand. Linda Brollier [the wife] does not claim an interest in her
husband's separate property. She claims her interest arises as a co-owner." Id.
In determining whether the claim of co-ownership was valid, the court looked
beyond the legal title to evidence of the "intent and conduct of co-ownership."
Id. The wife testified that the property was purchased with marital funds,
encumbered by a mortgage in the name of both husband and wife, both spouses paid
rents and profits together, and both reserved a remainder interest in the
property upon conveyance. Based on this evidence, the court held that the wife
was a co-owner entitled to exercise her right of first refusal to purchase the
bankruptcy estate's property. Id. at 292.




n100  It is difficult to reconcile the different results in Schulz and Slagle.
Farmers & Merchants Nat'l Bank v. Schulz (In re Schulz), 63 B.R. 168 (Bankr. D.
Neb. 1986); In re Slagle, 78 B.R. 570 (Bankr. D. Neb. 1987). It is clear that
the judge did not intend to overrule or to cloud his earlier decision against
the wife, as Schulz is cited in the subsequent Slagle opinion. There is no
explanation provided, however, for the different legal results. It appears
likely that the court in Schulz objected to the manner in which the issues were
raised, as the judge characterized the case as "another example of creative
lawyering." In re Schulz, 63 B.R. at 174. In Schulz, the husband had filed
bankruptcy and was represented by legal counsel. The wife, however, had not
filed bankruptcy, but claimed an ownership interest in farm property in which a
creditor also claimed a security interest. Without the permission of the court,
the husband permitted the wife to take possession of secured farm property, to
sell or dispose of those assets and to dispose of the proceeds therefrom. The
court strongly objected and warned that it may "in the future, find that any
advice provided by counsel to debtor-in-possession which led
debtor-in-possession to acquiesce in the claim of a non-party as to ownership of
the property, is advice that shall not be compensated." Id. at 174. The court
also stated that counsel was absolutely prohibited from representing a
debtor-in-possession and a non-debtor who claimed an ownership interest in the
property," adding that "any such activity in the future by counsel in this case
or any other case may result in sanctions." Id. Although this fact situation no
doubt influenced the court's ruling, the court's finding that Mrs. Schulz did
not have an ownership interest in the property was not necessary to reach the
end result in favor of the creditors. As the court itself acknowledged, even if
it had found that Mrs. Schulz had a property interest, there are several legal
theories under which the encumbrance of her interest would still be valid. Id.
at 172-73.




n101  For a general discussion of ownership interests in crops see Susan A.
Schneider, The Ownership of Growing Crops: The Continuing Struggle Between
Property Law and the Uniform Commercial Code, 8 J. AGRIC. TAX'N & LAW 99 (1986).




n102  For example, one of the requirements to establish "person" status for
purposes of receiving farm program payments, the farmer must make a significant
contribution of "active personal labor," "active personal management" or a
combination of the two. Thus, payment limitations rules recognize that a farmer
can satisfy his or her "significant contribution" to the farming operation by
contributing through management decision-making. Kelley & Malasky, supra note 2,
at 232. It is not necessary that the farmer "actually" operate farm equipment;
see infra note 107.




n103  See, e.g., MINN. STAT. § 323.02(8) (1994).




n104  See, e.g., MINN. STAT. § 323.07 (1994).




n105  See, e.g., MINN. STAT. § 323.24 (1994).




n106  49 B.R. 41 (Bankr. D. Kan. 1985).




n107  Id. at 43. The opinion states that Mrs. Oetinger testified that she
"actually" operates farm equipment. Traditional roles aside, arguably, one
either does or does not operate equipment, and the significance of the term
"actually" can only be taken to imply some special note of recognition or
astonishment the part of the court. This raises two issues: one, the courts tend
to overemphasize the importance of running farm equipment in establishing one's
status as a farmer. See supra note 102. Second, the frequently erroneous
stereotype of women as mechanically ignorant or incompetent continues despite
the increasing technical sophistication of women farmers.




n108  Oetinger, 49 B.R. at 43.




n109  Id. Subsequent courts applying Kansas law have held that partnership
theory is not the only way for the court to find that the farm wife has an
interest in family farm assets. In In re Griffin, 141 B.R. 207 (Bankr. D. Kan.
1992), the court explicitly held that the farm husband and wife did not operate
the farm as a partnership. In so doing, it rejected a lender's argument that
Oetinger applied. The court did not overrule Oetinger, nor did it criticize its
reasoning. Rather, the Griffin court held that the husband and wife owned the
farm assets as co-owners. See also In re Brollier, 165 B.R. 286, 291 (Bankr.
W.D. Okla. 1994) (co-ownership of assets by husband and wife is allowed).




n110  Oetinger, 49 B.R. at 43.




n111  Id. (citing KAN. STAT. ANN. § 23-204(1988)).




n112  Id.




n113  Id. (citing KAN. STAT. ANN. §§ 56-308(a), -325(a)(1988)).




n114  Oetinger, 49 B.R. at 43 (citing KAN. STAT. ANN. § 56-306(a) (1988)).




n115  Id. The court did not actually state that the farm machinery was
partnership property, but this finding can be assumed from the holding.




n116  In re Lapp, 66 B.R. 67, 69 (Bankr. D. Colo. 1986) (in order to prove joint
ownership without joint title, farming partnership must be shown); In re
Schroeder, 62 B.R. 604, 606 (Bankr. D. Kan. 1986) (stating that "the only viable
theory which would give [the wife] a co-ownership status in the farm earnings or
property purchased with farm earnings is that she is a farming partner"); In re
Wolsky, 53 B.R. 751, 755 (Bankr. D.N.D. 1985) (absent substantial individual
"outside" contribution to the purchase of the farm assets, any legal interest
that the wife asserts must be grounded in partnership law).




n117  See Schroeder, 62 B.R. at 606 (holding that a husband and wife partnership
exists); Lapp, 66 B.R. at 70) (same); but see Wolsky, 53 B.R. at 755 (wife is
not a partner in farming operation).




n118  Craig v. United States, 451 F. Supp. 378 (D.S.D. 1978) (finding husband
and wife farm partnership supporting the removal of one-half of the farm assets
from the decedent husband's estate); Georgens v. Federal Deposit Ins. Corp., 406
N.W.2d 95, 97 (Minn. Ct. App. 1987) (affirming trial court finding of farm
partnership in secured transaction dispute).




n119  There was not a partnership agreement or other writing evidencing a
partnership in any of the cases discussed herein. Obviously, such an agreement
or writing would be strong evidence of the existence of the partnership.




n120  Griffin, 141 B.R. at 207.




n121  Id. (citing 59 AM. JUR. 2d Partnership §§ 240-42).




n122  Id.




n123  In re Griffin, 141 B.R. 207, 212 (Bankr. D. Kan. 1992). The court also
held that it is the party asserting the partnership status that carries the
burden of proof. In this case, it was the bank that alleged that the husband and
wife were partners. The bank sought to use this status to overcome the failure
to obtain the wife's signature on the security documents. Id.




n124  Id. at 210.




n125  See, e.g., MINN. STAT. § 519.02 (1994); see also Freeman v. Heiman, 426
F.2d 1050, 1053 (10th Cir. 1940); Kirk v. Kirk, 16 A.2d 47, 49 (Pa. 1940); In re
Peterson's Estate, 93 P.2d 445, 446 (Utah 1939); Proulix v. Parrow, 56 A.2d 623,
628-29 (Vt. 1948).




n126  See, e.g., Davis v. Mathews, 361 F.2d 899, 902 (4th Cir. 1966); Freeman v.
Heiman, 426 F.2d 1050, 1053 (10th Cir. 1940).




n127  Farmers & Merchants Nat'l Bank v. Schulz (In re Schulz), 63 B.R. 168, 170
(Bankr. D. Neb. 1986).




n128  Brayley v. Arkhola Sand & Gravel Co., 159 S.W.2d 449, 451 (Ark. 1942);
Gordon v. O'Brien, 71 N.E.2d 221,223 (Mass. 1947); Krauss v. Litman, 56 A.2d 37,
39 (Md. 1947).




n129  Schram v. Burt, 111 F.2d 557, 562 (7th Cir. 1940); Schneidau v. Manley, 39
A.2d 885, 887 (Conn. 1944); H.O. Brackeny & Son v. Ryneiwicz, 78 N.W.2d 127, 130
(Mich. 1956).




n130  Sheeks v. Daugherty, 28 S.W.2d 1064, 1066 (Ark. 1930); Jackson v. Faver,
77 S.E.2d 728, 738 (Ga. 1953).




n131  In re Slagle, 78 B.R. 570, 572 (Bankr. D. Neb. 1987).




n132  Id.




n133  Id.




n134  This is an example of the special consideration of the marriage
relationship that is frequently given by the courts. Although as noted, husbands
and wives are separate legal entities, the court's recognition of the "close
relationship" of marriage often influences the court's analysis.




n135  Slagle, 78 B.R. at 572 (citing Buffalo County v. Richards, 326 N.W.2d 179,
182 (Neb. 1982).




n136  Id. at 573.




n137  Id. Had Mrs. Slagle been unaware or uninvolved, however, she may not have
been able to establish her half interest in the property, thus rendering the
agency issue moot.




n138  Schneidau v. Manley, 39 A.2d 885, 887 (Conn. 1944); Buchanan v. Adams, 327
S.E.2d 775, 776 (Ga. Ct. App. 1985).




n139  Farmers Sec. Bank of Zumbrota v. Voegele, 386 N.W.2d 760, 763 (Minn. Ct.
App. 1986).




n140  Id.




n141  In re Kinney, 16 B.R. 664, 665 (D. Mo. 1981).




n142  Farmers & Merchants Nat'l Bank v. Schultz (In re Schultz), 63 B.R. 168,
172 (Bankr. D. Neb. 1986).




n143  Schulz, 63 B.R. at 172; Kinney, 16 B.R. at 665.




n144  Sahio Corp. v. Grudder, 32 N.E.2d 148, 151 (Ill. 1941); Wilson v. Todd, 26
N.E.2d 1003, 1005 (Ind. 1940).




n145  Grudder, 32 N.E.2d at 151; Wilson, 26 N.E.2d at 1005.




n146  Farmers Sec. Bank of Zumbrota v. Voegele, 386 N.W.2d 760, 763 (Minn. Ct.
App. 1986).




n147  Id.




n148  Id.




n149  In re Griffin, 141 B.R. 207, 213-14 (Bankr. D. Kan. 1992).




n150  Id.




n151  See, e.g., MINN. STAT. § 323.08 (1994).




n152  In re Oetinger, 49 B.R. 41, 43 (Bankr. D. Kan. 1985); see supra notes
106-15 and accompanying text.




n153  Id. at 43-44 (citing KAN. STAT. ANN. § 56-309(a)).




n154  Id. at 44 (citing Theis v. duPont, Glore Forgan, Inc., 510 P.2d 1212 (Kan.
1973)).




n155  Id. (citing Will v. Hughes, 238 P.2d 478 (Kan. 1952)).




n156  Id.. (citing Stratmann v. Stratmann, 628 P.2d 1080 (Kan. Ct. App. 1981)).




n157  66 B.R. 67 (Bankr. D. Colo. 1986).




n158  Id. at 70.




n159  The Lapp case provides an example of the different duties placed on the
parties by the various courts. In Voegele, the court was influenced by the
bank's knowledge that Mrs. Voegele had an interest in the farm. This knowledge
prevented the bank from successfully claiming that Mrs. Voegele should be
estopped from denying the attachment of the security interest to her property.
In Lapp, the creditor also had knowledge of the wife's involvement and obtained
her signature on a guaranty wherein she made a separate promise to pay the debt.
Nevertheless, the court placed the burden on Mrs. Lapp to show repudiation. The
different approach may stem from the finding of joint ownership in Voegele and
partnership in Lapp. But see infra text accompanying note 162.




n160  406 N.W.2d 95 (Minn. Ct. App. 1987).




n161  Id. at 98.




n162  Id. The court distinguished Voegele noting that the bank had no duty of
inquiry, as Mrs. Georgens had never been involved in any of the financing
transactions. The court stated that this lack of involvement supported the trial
court's conclusion that Mr. Georgens had the authority to transact business for
the farm.




n163  Planned Parenthood v. Casey, 112 S. Ct. 2791, 2831 (addressing the rights
of women to decide whether to have an abortion).




n164  Supra notes 30-38 and accompanying text regarding the Married Women's
Property Acts.




n165  Supra note 163 and accompanying text.




n166  Although farm program payments are not subject to the same ownership
analysis discussed supra with regard to tangible farm assets, their contribution
to most family farm operations cannot be underestimated. It is well documented
that federal farm program payments provide a substantial source of income to
many farm operations. For example, in 1989, a total of approximately $ 9.3
billion in federal farm program payments were made to about 1.5 million payees.
U.S. GENERAL ACCOUNTING OFFICE, PUB. NO. RCED-92-2, AGRICULTURAL PAYMENTS:
EFFECTIVENESS OF EFFORTS TO REDUCE FARM PAYMENTS HAS BEEN LIMITED, 22 (1991).
For an excellent and detailed discussion of payment limitations law, see Kelley
& Malasky, supra note 2. Hailed as "an excellent resource for making sense of
the rules governing the amount of federal farm program payments any one person
or business can collect," this article has the rare distinction of being a law
review publication discussed both in Time magazine (David Ellis, A Bumper Crop
of Loopholes, TIME, Apr. 8, 1991, at 21) and on the CBS television show "60
Minutes" (Dec. 8, 1991). Andy Jacobitz, Farming the Government, FARM FUTURES,
July-Aug. 1991 at 18. While this publicity is clearly a tribute to the work of
the authors, it is also a strong indication of the controversy surrounding the
payment limitations topic.




n167  Kelley & Malasky, supra note 2, at 203.




n168  Id. at 209.




n169  Agricultural Adjustment Act of 1970, Pub. L. No. 91-524, § 101, 84 Stat.
1358-59. Subsequent farm program legislation continued the payment limitations
concept. See Kelley & Malasky, supra note 2, at 203-04 n.3.




n170  See Kelley & Malasky, supra note 2, at 203-04 n.3.




n171  35 Fed. Reg. 19,339, 19,340 (1970) (codified at 7 C.F.R. § 795.11).




n172  Although special criteria were set forth in order to allow partnerships
and corporations to qualify as separate persons, the regulations expressly
provided that regardless of the circumstances "[a] husband and wife shall be
considered as one person." 7 C.F.R. § 795.11 (1987).




n173  Women Involved in Farm Economics v. United States Dept. of Agric., 682 F.
Supp. 599 (D.D.C. 1988) [hereinafter WIFE I]. An unsuccessful challenge to the
constitutionality of the husband and wife rule was also brought in Martin v.
Bergland, 639 F.2d 647 (10th Cir. 1981).




n174  WIFE I, 682 F. Supp. at 600; see also Women Involved in Farm Economics v.
United States Dept. of Agric., 876 F.2d 994, 1001 (D.C. Cir. 1989) [hereinafter
WIFE II].




n175  Omnibus Budget and Reconciliation Act of 1987 (containing the Farm Program
Payments Integrity Act of 1987), Pub. L. 100-203, §§ 1301-07, 101 Stat. 1330,
1330-12 to 1330-19.




n176  Id. § 1303(a)(2)(B)(iii), 133 CONG. REC. H12,108 (1987).




n177  Id. §§ 1301(a), 1305(a)(1)(A) and (B).




n178  7 C.F.R. § 1497.19 (1990).




n179  WIFE I, 682 F. Supp. at 604.




n180  Id. at 605.




n181  Id.




n182  Id. at 606.




n183  Id. at 607.




n184  Id. at 608.




n185  WIFE II, 876 F.2d at 997-1003.




n186  Id.




n187  The court disagreed with the district court's concern with maximum
participation in the farm programs, stating that "this analysis impermissibly
ignores the purpose of the payment limitation which itself operates to restrict
the amount of acreage diverted from production; we cannot examine the
husband-wife rule exclusively through the lens of 'maximum participation'
without according some significance to Congress' willingness to impose a payment
limitation on the program." Id. at 1002.




n188  Id. at 1000-01. Although the court cites "family closeness" in support of
the agency's decision that it would be too difficult to evaluate the separate
contributions of a husband and wife, it must be noted that the regulations did
provide a limited exception for minor children to qualify as separate persons.
Moreover, family farm partnerships between parents and adult children or between
siblings are regulated only under the partnership requirements; no special rule
based on "family closeness" is established.




n189  Id. at 1001.




n190  Id. Arguably, this statement reflects the real reason for the agency's
(and Congress') firm adherence to husband and wife payment restrictions:
budgetary concerns. In a time in which the cost of farm programs is a hotly
contested issue, any means to limit payments presents advantages. It can also be
argued that the farm wife lobby, despite the existence of formidable
organizations such as WIFE, is not nearly as powerful as the commodity groups
which may advocate the availability of various business structures as a "way
around" payment limitations. See JIM CHEN, AGRICULTURAL PUBLIC LAW (forthcoming)
(manuscript at 951-56, on file with author). In any case, more directed to the
premise of this article, is the agency's acceptance of the farm wife's
participation and involvement in the family farming operation. The court in WIFE
II restates the Secretary's assertion that "the typical farm spouse could easily
establish a separate contribution of labor." WIFE II, 876 F.2d at 1002.




n191  Id. at 997-1000.




n192  Id. at 1004.




n193  Id. Neither court applied the intermediate scrutiny test applicable to sex
discrimination cases because on its face, the restriction is applied equally to
husbands and wives. Thus, arguably it is not discriminatory toward women,
although the practical effect is such.




n194  Id.




n195  Id. at 1005.




n196  Id. For a discussion of "marital interdependence," as seen by the courts,
see Debra Kahn, Constitutional Law -- Perpetuating the Presumption of Marital
Interdependence Under the Agricultural Act -- Women Involved in Farm Economics
v. United States Dept. of Agric., 63 TEMP. L. REV. 881 (1990).




n197  WIFE II, 876 F.2d at 1005-06.




n198  Women Involved in Farm Economics v. Yeutter, 493 U.S. 1019 (1990).




n199  Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990, Pub. L. No.
101-624, § 1111, 104 Stat. 3359, 3497-500 (amending § 1001 of the Food Security
Act of 1985, Pub. L. No. 99-198, 99 Stat. 3341-46 (codified at 7 U.S.C. §§ 1308
to 1308-3)).




n200  Id.




n201  56 Fed. Reg. 8287, 8290 (1991) (to be codified at 7 C.F.R. § 1497)
(proposed Feb. 28, 1991).




n202  7 C.F.R. § 1497 (1993).




n203  LINDA K. KERBER & JANE SHERRON DEHART, WOMEN'S AMERICA - REFOCUSING THE
PAST, 119-20 (1991).




n204  Id. This analysis includes reference to a folksong from this era
describing the extent and the difficulty of female farm labor. It recounts an
old man's wager that "he could do more work in one day than his wife could in
three." To challenge this assumption, husband and wife exchanged tasks, and the
song describes the various difficulties encountered by the soon overwhelmed
husband. The song ends with the declaration that "by all the stars in heaven, .
. . his wife could do more work in one day than he could do in seven." Id. at
120 (citing JEAN RITCHIE, THE SWAPPING SONG BOOK, 54-55 (1952)).




n205  Farm publications frequently focus on the husband and wife team. These
articles often note that the farm wife is "critical to the family farm
operation." See, e.g., Dave Mowitz, He's Married to His Hired Hand, SUCCESSFUL
FARMING, Mid-March 1994 at 54. As this title and the ensuing article indicate,
however, farm publications have much the same problem as do the courts. The
subtitle to the article states "Actually Laurie is an essential partner in the
Ingram farm and she's as handy running a field cultivator as going for parts."
Id.


                               77 of 90 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                               May 2, 2010 Sunday

Pakistan: Economic rights denial to women a violation of HR

LENGTH: 1121  words

DATELINE: Islamabad


Islamabad, May 02 -- The denial of economic and social rights to women in
Pakistan is still not recognised as human rights violations. The condition of
women, especially who constitutes the rural masses, does not meet the minimum
human rights protection standards. Rural women play significant and critical
role in Pakistan's economy and contribute to all activities of rural economy
including crop production, rearing livestock, cottage industry, home based
entrepreneurial pursuits, household and family maintenance, transporting water,
fuel wood and fodder to and from home, food preparation, preservation and of
course caring of children, elderly and disabled members of the household.

Rural women are one of the largest segments of our society. They make up 51 per
cent of the population that lives full time in villages and carries out most of
the household and agricultural work. In May 2009, a Time-Use Survey conducted by
the Ministry of Finance has verified that rural women spend more time working on
a daily basis than rural men. The Government of Pakistan in its various studies
including a report submitted to the United Nations on the compliance of UN
Convention on the Elimination of all forms of Discriminations against Women
(CEDAW) has documented that 79 per cent of agricultural work is carried out by
rural women compared to 63 per cent agricultural work done by rural men. The
Agriculture Census in Pakistan (2006-2007) also shows how the rural women are
contributing to the agricultural economy of the country yet there is hardly any
focus to the needs of women in agriculture and extension services for women
farmers.

Historically the rural women have always played a major role in ensuring food
security as well as in the development and stability of the rural areas.
However, due to the patriarchal cultural tradition and gender discriminatory
laws and anti-women practices in the name of religion, Pakistan has not made
sufficient progress on a range of important gender measurements such as
narrowing the gap between male and female literacy rates. The situation is even
worst in rural area where the literacy rate for women is 45 per cent lower than
in urban areas. Only 27 per cent rural women in Pakistan can read or write.
Pakistan has the lowest literacy rate for women in South Asia.

Their labour is not valued at the national level and their contributions are not
highlighted as those of male farmers. In May 2009, a national Kissan Convention
held in Islamabad only invited those farmers who owned a piece of land. Most
rural women are not even recognised as farmers even though they work all their
lives on the land that they never own. The lack of recognition is a major reason
for lower status of rural women. Due to increasing poverty in rural areas, a
large number of rural women in Pakistan have been drawn to the menial work - a
low paid, piece-rate contractual labour - which has inbuilt exploitation and
injustice caused to the poor women of the rural areas particularly those
adjacent to the cities. As this is a new outgrowth of globalisation, a few
government institutions or organisations are paying systematic attention to this
sector to observe the human rights violation and discrimination against home
based women workers in rural areas.

Unfortunately, the government of Pakistan in general and the relevant government
ministries such as the Ministry of Women Development, Ministry of Agriculture,
Ministry of Rural Development and the Ministry of Social Welfare do not have up
to date knowledge or sufficient interest or expertise about the national and
international commitments regarding the rights of rural women. Only a small
minority of government officials are aware that the UN has passed various
conventions and declarations to address the problems of women. The UN Convention
on the Elimination of all forms of Discriminations against Women (CEDAW) is a
core convention ratified by the government of Pakistan in 1996. The government
has also endorsed critical UN documents such as the Beijing Platform for Action
(1995) and Beijing+10 processes that have contributed to the overall movement
for women rights. Principally the government agencies are required to have a
gender focal person in each line agency but key ministries such as the Ministry
of Rural Development has such posts vacant.

Following steps may help to recognise rural women's economic and social rights
in Pakistan. Some of the recommendations were made at a rural women conference
held on 15 Oct 2009 at Islamabad.

1. Rural Women working in agriculture sector should be recognised as farmers.
They should not be referred to as helpers but recognised as 'Kissan' like the
male farmers and farm workers.

2. Agricultural, livestock, forestry and fisheries work of rural women should be
recognised as formal labour and women working in these sectors should be
provided all benefits and rights as labourers, including social security, health
insurance and workers welfare fund.

3. The official population and agriculture censuses should recognise and
enumerate rural women as formal workers and highlight the contribution of rural
women in agricultural development.

4. The Government of Pakistan should distribute land to rural women and also
provide water, in-puts, subsidies and agriculture development grants.

5. Girls in rural areas should be allowed to study agriculture as a subject at
middle and high school level.

6. The current practices of focusing agriculture extension services and
education on male farmers only should be changed to ensure access to women, and
the district governments should take affirmative steps to hire female staff in
the agriculture departments, and ensure that rural women farmers are provided
latest information and knowledge about organic agriculture.

7. The national action plan on women's development should have a specific focus
on the needs of rural women particularly in the areas of health and healthcare
services for women and girls.

8. Violence against women in rural areas should be taken seriously by the
district governments and district police officials, and should be treated as a
crime even if committed by a family member. Women victims of violence in rural
areas should be provided medical care and help.

9. The local government system should be strengthened and the 6-reserved seats
for women at Union Council level should be restored, and women councillors
should be integrated into development programmes at district level in order to
benefit from their outreach to rural communities. Published by HT Syndication
with permission from Right Vision News. For more information on news feed please
contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                               78 of 90 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 2, 1986, Monday, Late City Final Edition

EXCERPTS FROM U.N. AFRICA PROGRAM

BYLINE: Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 8, Column 1; Foreign Desk

LENGTH: 1221 words

DATELINE: UNITED NATIONS, N.Y., June 1


Following are excerpts from the special General Assembly session's document on
the economic crisis in Africa:

THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY, 1. ADOPTS the United Nations Program of Action for African
Economic Recovery and Development 1986-1990; 2. URGES all governments to take
effective action for the rapid and full implementation of the program.

Africa's economic and social crisis has been a cause of grave concern to Africa
and the international community alike. The crisis has not only jeopardized the
development process of the African economies, but has also threatened the very
survival of millions of Africans.

The persistent economic crisis in Africa, exacerbated by drought and
desertification, and the more recent tragic famine and hunger, have strengthened
the resolve of the African countries to take immediate and concerted actions to
achieve sustained economic and social development.

The international community fully recognized the pervasive and structural
economic problems of the African continent. Some of these lie in the colonial
past. Some of these flow from the post-independence era; others are a
combination of economic, political and endemic factors.

The African governments have initiated actions aiming at long-term structural
transformation of their economies, which is vital for breaking the vicious cycle
of poverty and underdevelopment. It is imperative that the international
community intensify its cooperation and substantially increase its support for
African efforts.

The persistent economic crisis in Africa has been aggravated by a combination of
exogenous and endogenous factors. The endogenous factors include deficiencies in
institutional and physical infrastructures, economic strategies and policies
that have fallen short of achieving their objectives, disparities in urban and
rural development and income distribution, insufficient
managerial/administrative capacities and lack of financial resources, the
demographic factors and political instability manifested in a large and growing
population of refugees. In addition, many African countries have to contend with
the policy of economic destabilization perpetrated by the racist minority regime
in South Africa.

The serious exogenous factors include the recent international economic
recession, the decline in commodity prices, adverse terms of trade, increased
protectionism and high interest rates. The heavy burden of debt and
debt-servicing obligations also constrains Africa's prospects for economic
growth.

It is essential to urgently develop and implement an international strategy to
complement the exceptional efforts which the African countries have themselves
initiated to put their economies on course. The international community must
respond positively to the African call for a new era of cooperation based on a
spirit of genuine and equal partnership.

Africa's Priority Program for Economic Recovery stipulates the following
priorities:

Agricultural Development Africa's Priority Program lays considerable emphasis on
the food and agriculture sector. The Priority Program seeks to revitalize the
more dynamic and internally generated forces for growth and development. Primary
focus will be on women farmers who contribute significantly to agriculture
productivity.

The immediate objective will be to cope with future emergencies and
catastrophies through the following measures:

* To create and sustain national emergency preparedness;

* To institute effective early-warning systems;

* To establish flexible and efficient regional networks of crop protection;

* To establish national food security arrangements.

The main objective will be to give new impetus to agricultural development
through:

* Raising substantially the level of investment in agriculture;

* Restoring, protecting and developing arable land and rendering it more
productive;

* Establishment of remunerative produce pricing policies, establishment and
strengthening of incentive schemes, eliminating pricing policies that have
tended to discourage production and providing effective agriculture credit
programs;

* Establishment of reforestation;

* Drought and desertification control programs.

The total investment required for the implementation of this program is
estimated at $57.4 billion, which is 44.8 per cent of the total cost of
implementing Africa's Priority Program.

Other Sectors

In Support of Agriculture (i) Rehabilitation and development of agro-related
industries. (ii) Development of transport and communications. (iii) Trade and
finance.

In the field of trade, the objective is to improve the distribution channels for
domestic trade, improving market arrangements and reversing the present
consuption pattern in favor of domestically produced goods through:

* Adoption of price incentives for agricultural products;

* Improvement of internal distribution channels.

The total cost for the implementation of the measures envisaged under the other
sectors in support of agriculture is estimated at $60.1 billion.

Drought

And Desertification There is need for immediate actions by the African countries
to implement a comprehensive program to stem and control the effects of drought
and desertification. The total cost of measures envisaged is estimated at $3.41
billion.

Policy Reforms

In order to achieve the objectives of Africa's Priority Program, a number of
major policy measures are being undertaken by African Governments, while
attention is also being focused on the need for policy reorientation.

The public sector will continue to play an important role in development. The
positive role of the private sector is also to be encouraged. Appropriate
measures have involved exchange rate adjustments, debt-relief arrangements, wage
and salary reduction and public employment freeze. Though these tasks have been
difficult and painful, African countries have recognized the need to bear the
burden.

Special importance will need to be accorded by each African country to a
population policy that will address issues of high fertility and mortality,
rapid urbanization and the protection of the environment.

The role of women in development must be taken seriously into account. In view
of the importance accorded to food self-sufficiency, the pivotal role of women
in this sector must be recognized and encouraged.

There is a need for the international community to:

* Evolve policies conducive to sustained, equitable and noninflationary growth,
including the expansion of trade through the elimination of protectionism,
particularly non-tariff barriers. The adoption of measures which encourage
African export and diversification programs, and improved market accesss,
especially for tropical products, within the framework of the General Agreement
on Tariffs and Trade.

* Deal urgently with commodity issues, taking into account the special interests
of the African countries, to increase the capacity of African countries to
processs, market, distribute and transport their exports.

The international community agrees to:

* Placing greater emphasis on non-project aid, including balance of payments
support, during the period 1986-1990.

* Enabling multilateral development institutions to increase their concessional
assistance to African countries.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of M. Peter McPherson of the U.S. Agency for International
Developement (Paul Conklin)

TYPE: Text

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                               79 of 90 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                             May 4, 2011 Wednesday

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Briefs; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 955 words


CHEYENNE

BLM oil and gas lease sale nets nearly $1 million, state gets half

The Bureau of Land Management generated $998,089 for leasing rights and rental
fees on parcels offered at the BLM's quarterly federal oil and gas lease auction
held in Cheyenne on Tuesday.

Almost half of the bid and rental receipts go to the state of Wyoming.

Bids totaling $975,462 ranged from the federally mandated minimum of $2 per acre
to a high bid of $195 per acre. Successful bidders also pay a $145 per parcel
one-time administrative fee and yearly rental of $1.50 per acre for the first
five years of the lease and $2 per acre in years six through 10.

A total of 13,821.96 acres in 13 parcels were sold.

The next oil and gas lease sale will be held on Aug. 2 in Cheyenne.

CRMC providing parents with DVD about Shaken Baby Syndrome

An estimated 1,200 to 1,400 children are injured or killed by shaking every year
in the United States, according to the National Center on Shaken Baby Syndrome.
In the United States, more than 300 babies die each year from being shaken.

To help prevent this tragedy, Cheyenne Regional Medical Center is providing
parents of newborns with an educational DVD and 11-page booklet designed to
teach them why a baby cries and how to soothe a crying child.

Developed by the National Center on SBS, the program is called "The Period of
PURPLE Crying," based on the different crying phases that a normal infant will
go through starting at about two weeks and ending at about four to five months.

The program emphasizes that what is commonly called "colic" is a normal
developmental stage and offers advice on how parents can manage during this
difficult period. Rather than using gas drops or changing how the baby is fed,
parents are encouraged to hold, walk and ask for help with the baby and to
recognize that the infant will outgrow the crying spells.

Governor names Flint Waters new chief information officer

Gov. Matt Mead named Flint Waters as the chief information officer for the state
of Wyoming.

Waters previously worked for the Wyoming Division of Criminal Investigation and
developed software used in tracking child pornography and protecting against
child exploitation. That software has been used by hundreds of law enforcement
agencies across the world.

"I am grateful that someone with Waters' skills would come and work for the
state," Mead said in a news release. "He has already made an enormous
contribution to our society, and I look forward to seeing what he will do to
advance the use of technology inside state government."

Waters has won awards for his crime fighting from the U.S. Department of
Justice, the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children and the
International Association of Chiefs of Police. He also appeared on the Oprah
Winfrey Show in 2008 to talk about his software and has testified before
Congressional committees on the topic.

Waters started work on April 30.

Nominations being accepted for Farm Service Agency positions

Nominations of candidates for the Farm Service Agency county committee election
representing producers in Local Administrative Area 3 will be accepted through
Aug. 1.

Producers who are eligible to vote in LAA 3 and who participate or cooperate in
an FSA program and are of legal voting age may be nominated to serve on the
county committee. Individuals may nominate themselves or others as candidates.
Organizations representing socially disadvantaged minorities and women farmers
or ranchers also may nominate candidates.

LAAs are elective areas. Single counties are divided into three LAAs. Elections
are held each year to replace a member whose three-year term will expire.

Laramie County will hold an election for a person to represent LAA 3. That
position is currently held by Mark Child. LAA 3 includes all of Laramie County
west of County Road 136.

Ballots will be mailed to eligible voters by Nov. 4 and must be returned to the
FSA county office or postmarked by Dec. 5.

More information on the elections, including nomination forms, is available at
the county office or online at: http://www.fsa.usda.gov/elections.

From staff reports

Drug drop-off day a success, says local law enforcement

The Cheyenne Police Department and Laramie County Sheriff's Department collected
a total of 305 pounds of unwanted or expired prescription and over-the-counter
drugs Saturday.

Officials have declared National Prescription Take Back Day a success. The
potentially dangerous drugs have been accounted for and will be disposed of both
safely and legally by law enforcement officials.

Anyone who was unable to drop off medications Saturday can drop them off at the
Laramie County jail, 1910 Pioneer Ave., during business hours, Monday through
Friday.

Seniors can learn to ride transit system through MPO program

The Cheyenne Metropolitan Planning Organization is conducting two educational
sessions on the Cheyenne Transit Program for seniors as part of the MPO
Transportation Safety Initiative.

"For many seniors, the barrier to using the transit system is simply
understanding how the system works," Joe Dougherty, Cheyenne Transit director,
said in a news release. "At these events, seniors will see a presentation on how
the Cheyenne Transit Program operates and then ride on one of the routes as a
group to gain experience on the system."

The two sessions will be held:

- Saturday, May 21, 9:30 a.m. to noon, Fox Crest Community Building, 4125 Cox
Court

- Saturday, June 18, 9:30 a.m. to noon, Laramie County Library, 2200 Pioneer
Ave.

The events are free and open to seniors, as well as family and friends of
seniors. It is recommended those interested in attending RSVP to ensure they get
a seat by calling Sreyoshi Chakraborty at 638-4384 or emailing
schakraborty@cheyennecity.org

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               80 of 90 DOCUMENTS



                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                            February 2, 2007 Friday

Ag bill seen as good for farmers

SECTION: Z_STATE

LENGTH: 461 words

DATELINE: MODESTO


The Bush administration's new farm bill supports California farmers by boosting
federal spending on fruits, vegetables and marketing the state's crops overseas,
U.S. agriculture secretary Mike Johanns said Thursday.

''If you are a fruit and vegetable grower, I promise you, you will see a
presence in farm policy that you have never seen before,'' Johanns said Thursday
morning in a meeting with state officials.

Many California farmers called the $87.3 billion spending bill proposed
Wednesday a good first step, but others said they worried Congress would
overhaul it to direct those funds to traditionally subsidized crops such as
rice, corn and soybeans.

California is the nation's most productive farm state, leading in dozens of
fruits, nuts and vegetables, including grapes, almonds, raisins and carrots.
Most of those crops don't receive federal subsidy payments, farmers said.

''We grow what you buy every week in the grocery store,'' said George J. Miller,
who grows peaches, almonds and walnuts on 250 acres in Modesto. ''We can't keep
fresh peaches stored in a warehouse for two years like you can with wheat.''

The farm bill proposes paring $18 billion from the current five-year spending
plan that expires this year.

But California farmers would stand to gain from a portion of the bill directing
the federal government to buy $2.75 billion more in produce for programs that
distribute food to emergency victims, Indian reservations, seniors and the poor
and $500 million for the federal school meal program over the next decade,
Johanns said.

The state would also get some share of a proposed $1 billion in research on pest
control and plant breeding of fruits and vegetables over the next 10 years, he
said.

The bill also proposes assistance for beginning, minority and women farmers and
$4 billion in incentives for growers who commit to environmentally friendly
farming for at least five years.

More federal funds for fruits and vegetables is important if U.S. growers want
to compete on the world market, said Russel Efird, president of the Fresno
County Farm Bureau.

In all, the plan is not a radical departure from current farm programs, which
Democratic leaders and major farm groups have pushed to maintain.

But it is historic that fruits and vegetables were considered so significantly
in this farm bill, said Rep. Dennis Cardoza, D-Merced, who called the proposal
promising.

The plan would cost $87.3 billion over the next five years, not counting food
stamps and other nutrition programs, compared with $105 billion spent on farm
programs over the past five years.

''It'll be great if it goes through,'' Miller said. ''But you have to wonder
what they'll cut from now until it's passed.''

------

On the Net:

U.S. Department of Agriculture: http://www.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                               81 of 90 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             March 1, 2001 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

The bush called but nobody heard

BYLINE: Peter Golding. Peter Golding is author of Black Jack McEwen: Political
Gladiator (Melbourne University Press, 1996).

SECTION: NEWS; Opinion; Pg. 47

LENGTH: 1147 words


Unlike the Bob Katters of today, John McEwen would have remained totally loyal
to the party and Coalition. Peter Golding explains.

If John McEwen were still alive, he would have been 101 this month. It's just as
well he isn't, because he would have had a miserable birthday.

Black Jack McEwen, Australia's longest-serving trade minister and a prime
minister for 23 days, was born 48 weeks before federation, and a century on
there is a fair bit about his beloved Australia that would have contributed to
his feeling that way,

not least what has happened to the political party that he led for such a long
time and nurtured for even longer.

It was called the Victorian Farmers Union when he joined it at 19. The VFU was
part of the Australian Farmers Federal Organisation which two years later became
the Australian Country Party. The fact that it was called a union is significant
because that's what it was a union of small farmers. When McEwen retired 30
years ago farmers and other country people were still its constituency.

This is, of course, why it was named the Country Party. Its whole reason for
being was to look after country people. McEwen would have worried about changing
the name to the National Party. He would have likened that to cutting off the
roots of a tree on his Stanhope property and expecting it to continue to grow.

The big debate in the Country Party has always centred on whether it and its
constituents are best served by calling the shots from inside the coalition or
from outside on the cross benches. McEwen never favoured the latter course. He
once said it smacked too much of blackmail for his taste.

That was the issue in December 1937 when McEwen was expelled from the Victorian
party for accepting a portfolio in the Lyons-Page Coalition. That was the issue
when in 1970 one of McEwen's last acts before his retirement from politics the
following February was to fly to Warrnambool to put down a rebellion at the
party's State conference. And that's the issue that stirs the Bob Katters of
2001.

McEwen was unmoved by the arguments of the anti-coalitionists in 1937 or in
1970. Nor would he have been moved by them today. McEwen liked feisty
politicians so he would have respected Katter for standing up for his Queensland
constituents.

But he would have been dismayed at what he would have perceived to be Katter's
disloyalty to his leader and the party and the damage it could do to the federal
Coalition. He would also have been dismayed that John Anderson and before him
Tim Fischer had not used their clout in Cabinet more effectively to head off
some of the problems that have caused Katter and others in the party to go
feral.

It is important to remember, of course, that they do things differently in
Queensland. Katter's tactic is to make a hero of himself by beating his chest
about bread and butter issues beloved of his constituency, and by attacking
Canberra. Queenslanders can relate to that. After all, that's why they liked Joh
Bjelke-Petersen. But whether Katter is just as well thought of in his own party
room, especially as leadership material, must be very doubtful. Indeed, some of
his colleagues regard him as some sort of nut.

McEwen never wavered from the conviction that the best way to protect the
interests of Australia's farmers was to be a part of the decision-making
process. He knew his would always be a minority party and could never govern
federally in its own right. That's why he was such a staunch coalitionist and
it's the main reason why the Liberal-Country party partnership of which he was a
member endured longer than any other in Australian history.

But he was never attracted to a passive role in the coalition. He was a tough
horse-trading politician and his only purpose for being in government was to
advantage his rural constituents. If he gave something he always wanted
something in return and he was at his meanest when there were problems in the
country. If he were around the place now the floor of the Cabinet room would be
awash with blood.

McEwen never had a moment's doubt that his stance was the right one. Nor was he
ever bashful about extolling its virtues to his constituents.

Shortly before he retired, he said: "The Country Party has always been the
smallest of the three parties but it has over the last 48 years I think held the
balance of power for 33 or 34 years of that period. So it has been within the
capacity of the Country Party for that whole period to determine who governed
Australia and to this extent I think the Country Party has made an enormous
contribution to providing political stability in this country." And, he might
have added, providing benefits for the bush.

McEwen would have had other difficulties in this federation year. He was never
one for fancy language. Terms such as "economic rationalism" and "globalisation"
weren't in his vocabulary. He understood words like protection and employment
and fair go. He understood what it was like to be desperate and he never forgot
it.

The Hanson phenomenon would not have been some sort of electoral eccentricity.
It would have been a signal that people were crying out for understanding that
they were hurting. And McEwen would have been putting pressure on the Government
to do something about it. Real stand-up-and-be-counted pressure not just going
on "listening tours".

The last time Pauline Hanson threw a spanner into the works in Queensland, I
attended a dinner in Brisbane and found myself sitting between two women,
farmers both, who were fairly high up in the National Party hierarchy.

"Tell me," I asked one of the women, "why on earth did so many country people
vote for Hanson?" They both swung around in their chairs. "Because," they
chorused, "she listens to our problems in the bush." "All right," I conceded,
"she listens, but what's the good of that? Surely deep down the people know that
in reality she can do nothing?" They shook their heads. I had missed the point.
"For years the people in the bush have been telling the politicians in Canberra
that they are in trouble," they said.

"They have told them about the denuding of our towns of banks and other
essential services and the effect this is having on family life and employment
but nobody down there wanted to hear about it. Now they have found someone who
will listen and, because Hanson listens, so eventually will the National Party
and the Liberal Party and the Labor Party. They will have to."

Three years later, the election debacles in Western Australia and Queensland
would suggest that the major parties have been awfully deaf. And judging from
the ducking and weaving and rationalisation in which Howard and Anderson have
been indulging in the last couple of weeks their hearing has taken a fair while
to show any improvement.

One thing is for sure. McEwen would have listened all along. He could never see
much point in being in opposition.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illus: John `Black Jack' McEwen would have really listened to his
constituents.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2001 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               82 of 90 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                           September 19, 2004 Sunday

Farming women in Illinois are in minority

BYLINE: CHRIS ANDERSON

SECTION: FOCUS; Pg. G2

LENGTH: 440 words


BLOOMINGTON - Evelyn Schwoerer represents the quintessential female farmer. She
doesn't have a lot of company.

The U.S. 2002 Agriculture Census listed 19,130 female farm operators in
Illinois. Of the total, 5,253 women are principal farm operators, compared to
4,689 in 1997.

Women have filled vital jobs on the farm for decades. However, their roles
changed dramatically in the mid-1980s when a severe agricultural economic
recession hit. Many farmers and most of their spouses took off-farm jobs to earn
money for living expenses and to gain insurance benefits.

Ten years ago, Evelyn took a seasonal job at the Bloomington Internal Revenue
Service Center. She retired earlier this year.

"In my 30 years, I've seen fewer ladies haul in grain. So many spouses are
working off the farm. Women active in farm operations are a small group. I'd say
less than 25 percent are active participants," said Steve Dennis, Evergreen FS
Yuton Grain Elevator manager.

He includes Evelyn in the select group. Dennis frequently discusses grain
marketing strategies with Evelyn. She handles much of the grain marketing duties
for the family farm.

"She's not going to sit at a table and chew on it. She comes in and does
business," said Dennis. "I would say she has 97 percent controlling interest in
the farm. There's no part of the operation she does not participate in.

"She's sharp as a tack. She's a 60-pound gal lifting an 80-pound hay bale. You
could trust Evelyn with anything. She has integrity plus. She's the classic farm
wife."

Her family agrees. Steve Schwoerer said his mom is not unusual for her
generation, but now stands unique in the agricultural production world.

"At Extension meetings, it's not unusual to get women who are full management
partners. Mom's generation was just as involved, but they didn't go to
meetings," said Steve, McLean County Extension agriculture coordinator. "Steve
Dennis teases me that I need to learn a few things from my mom."

-----------

Women in Illinois agriculture

The number of women who serve as principal operators of Illinois farms has
increased over the last 15 years, but the group remains small -- about 11
percent. Here are some statistics from the 2002 Ag Census:

* About 5,253 women operated Illinois farms in 2002, compared to 4,689 in 1997
and 3,625 in 1992.

* Farming represents the primary occupation for half those women.

* More than half did not work off the farm.

* Nearly two-thirds of farming women in Illinois had worked on the farm for a
decade or longer.

* The majority of female farmers range in age from 45 to 64 years old.

* Women farmers in Illinois average 59.6 years of age.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2004 The Pantagraph


                               83 of 90 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Africa - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            February 17, 2013 Sunday

Zimbabwean activist dismisses new draft charter as "peace pact" between parties

LENGTH: 1255 words


Text of report by London-based opposition newzimbabwe.com website on 16 February

[Unattributed report: "New Constitution Must Be Rejected: Gwisai"]

University lecturer and political activist, Munyaradzi Gwisai has said
Zimbabweans should reject the new constitution, dismissing the document as
deeply flawed and essentially a "peace pact" between parties to the Global
Political Agreement (GPA).

In a statement last week, Gwisai, who heads the International Socialist
Organization in Zimbabwe (ISOZ), dismissed the draft new constitution as "a
negotiated and elitist peace charter by the three parliamentary political
parties (Zanu PF, MDC-T, MDC) and their Western backers."

"The people have demanded a constitution written by themselves in a democratic,
participatory and gender-youth-disability balanced way. A constitution that ends
the imperial executive presidency and guarantees democratic and accountable
political governance and bread and butter socio economic rights," he said.

"(But) in an era where 85-year-old Pope Benedict XVI resigns citing advanced
age, the COPAC draft allows an 89-year-old President Robert Mugabe to
potentially rule for another 10 years, until he is 99! It (also) fails to
address fundamental issues of severe poverty, gender and social inequality,
economic democratisation and full political democracy."

The constitution has since been endorsed by Parliament and is due to be put to a
national referendum on the 16th of next month, leading to elections to choose a
substantive government later in the year.

The process had appeared to stall over disagreements between the GPA parties
until Mugabe and MDC rivals, Morgan Tsvangirai, Welshman Ncube and Arthur
Mutambara intervened and agreed a deal over various sticking issues last month.

Gwisai however said the document should be rejected claiming it retains an
"imperial Presidency" among a host of other issues the ISOZ leader said were
objectionable.

"The COPAC draft leaves substantially intact the iron fist of the executive
imperial presidency to be used by the ruling classes to smash revolts from below
as the crisis of capitalism locally and internationally worsens," the statement
added.

"To please Western capitalist masters, the COPAC draft has scandalously omitted
the peoples' rights of economic empowerment, indigenisation and nationalisation
of strategic resources, under workers' and communities' democratic control.

"Further, it provides for compensation to white farmers and foreigners whose
farms were expropriated, but without a cent for the ex-farm-workers who lost
their jobs or land for urban housing.

"The draft will allow the Zanu PF chiefs and generals to sell for a huge profit
the multiple farms they have looted. To ensure this, the draft provides that the
land chapter can only be amended after a 2/3 parliamentary majority and a
constitutional referendum."

Gwisai's ISOZ joins the National Constitutional Assembly (NCA) in vowing to
campaign for a 'No' vote during the referendum.

ISOZ Reasons for NO vote

It was not written by the people but by four leaders of the Government of
National Unity (GNU) political parties.

It's not democratic! 33 years' rule by one man is enough. It allows President
Mugabe, 89, possibly to rule for another 10 years, when he will be 99! Zvanyanya
... He must retire. Even the Pope has, at 85.

It does not provide funded and time-defined rights to: jobs, education, health,
housing, water, food, electricity, public transport, rural development;
disability; social security and empowerment. It does not provide basic rights
but only progressive rights which are subject to claw-backs and availability of
funds to the state but there are no provisions to enable the State to fund the
declared rights.

It's not democratic! It retains the imperial executive president: "President
wemasimba ose." President appoints all cabinet ministers and most senior state,
military and judicial officials; can unilaterally change laws, dissolve
parliament or declare war. Provides no age limit. Allows current judges and AG
Tomana to stay in office without vetting. No real devolution of power is
provided for.

It does not guarantee free and fair elections! The same June 2008 generals and
judges will control the election process! No right to vote for the diaspora. No
right to recall corrupt or ineffective councillors or MPs. No proportional
representation of MPs. No quotas for workers, farmers, youths or war veterans.

It is a politicians' gravy train: has over 350 MPs, two vice presidents and an
unlimited cabinet! It abolishes death penalty mainly for men over 70 years ...
who are these and why them alone? Abolish the death penalty for all! In 2011 it
was the Zim 45 facing the death penalty for treason charges of watching the
Egypt video, today it's the GV 29 political prisoners ... Free Maengahama and
Ors... Drop the charges!

There is no compensation for victims of past genocides, Gukurahundi, state
violence like June 2008 and Murambatsvina. There is no transitional justice and
punishment for perpetrators of crimes against humanity.

It attacks workers: no living wage; no full right to strike; denies full
collective bargaining for civil servants; prohibits civil servants and municipal
workers from political activity; no protection of contract workers; no time
limits for finalising labour disputes; no exclusive Labour Court.

It attacks youths and students: no right to jobs, public work programmes or
economic empowerment; no right to education, grants or loans; no youth quotas in
parliament/councils; no right to abortion.

It attacks women: no 50-50 per cent quotas in jobs for all public offices; no
economic empowerment; no social grants and social security rights; no funded
maternity pay/benefits for all women; no right to abortion.

It attacks vendors and the informal sector: no right to trade or work without
harassment; no economic empowerment; no social security benefits. It attacks and
scapegoats minorities like gays and lesbians.

It does not give land to the landless or for housing or compensation to ex-farm
workers but specially protects the chiefs with many farms; and compensates
ex-white and foreign Western farmers.

It is preparation for another elite GNU after elections, bringing together
ZANU-PF and MDC politicians, bosses and imperialists to make money and
accelerate their policies of capitalism, ESAP [structural adjustment programmes]
and neoliberalism against workers, youths, women, farmers and the poor ["Eat
what you hunt"].

It totally defends the capitalist system and property of employers and the rich.
There's no nationalisation under workers' and communities' control of natural
resources like diamonds, platinum, gold and major businesses to fund jobs,
education, health, water, rural farmers etc. No empowerment or employee or
community ownership schemes! It's a constitution for politicians, employers and
the rich: the 1 per cent of plutocrats or elites, and not us the 99 per cent,
the ordinary people!

No more half-backed promises of change or the crumbs COPAC is offering just
because of elections. Politicians lie to get into power but once in office they
forget the people and start looting. The COPAC constitution will cost over $130
million yet the South African one cost less than $30 million! Like the Lancaster
one, this COPAC constitution will become permanent and enslave us and future
generations. Politicians think they own the people, who will just blindly follow
them ... Stop them!

Source: newzimbabwe.com website, London, in English 16 Feb 13

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2013 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                               84 of 90 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 18, 2016 Monday

Washington: Microloans for Minority/Women Farmers & Ranchers

LENGTH: 189 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has
issued the following news release:





 We at the Farm Service Agency (FSA) are approaching farmers in your area to
encourage women to learn more about microloans: direct farm operating loans of
up to $50,000 designed to meet the needs of farmers in smaller, non-traditional,
and niche-type operations.





 Thousands of women have found microloans to be the right fit for their farms
and have received loans totaling over $50 million to help grow their farm.
Microloans have:



     No minimum loan amount - and up to $50,000.

     No down payment required.

     Only one short application document. (Applicants must qualify)

     Streamlined balance sheet & credit requirements.

     Experience and production record requirements designed for farmers like
you.



 FSA officers are here to help you prepare and submit your application with
one-on-one assistance - contact your local office today and make this season a
fresh start.



 Happy Farming!



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               85 of 90 DOCUMENTS


                           The Mercury (South Africa)

                           September 22, 2015 Tuesday
                                   E1 Edition

Heavy-handed laws crush family jewellers SA's herd of nuclear white elephants
Unleash small-scale farmer potential Publishing of BMW chief's collapse wrong
Farm workers' calls for fairness falls on deaf ears READERS'|FORUM

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 1596 words


A STORY by Sechaba ka'Nkosi in the Business Report dated September 17 talks
about the psychological mind-set of white farm owners treatment of the concerned
farm workers in Ceres.

Ceres Fruit Growers Limited, through its chairman Pieter Graaf, is counting the
cost of losing millions of export revenue. It is finding it difficult to trade
and has voiced worry about its highly perishable goods not reaching their
destination on time. None of them ever have the temerity to listen to the
concerns of workers.

Farm workers are the lowest paid in the labour work force, often with bad work
conditions and long labour hours with no overtime paid - with racial abuse often
very high and despite active unionism to address their concerns by asking the
farmers to come on board. It seems that the struggle for their liberation is far
from over - read Ceres Fruit Growers media statement. Often their salaries are
below R4 000, which cannot cater for their family's needs let alone the
transport costs to get to work.

It disgusting that the farmers are brave to utter and count their losses
publicly but never say anything about meeting and addressing the demands of
workers. The racial stereotype of white farmers believing black farm workers
deserve nothing but a pittance in salaries must stop.

South Africa is experiencing a high level of unemployment and farm workers are
often left with no choice as they come second to these big-bellied, filthy rich
farm owners who are drowning in the lap of luxury in the face of poverty and the
abuse of farm workers. This country will experience a backlash by the poor soon,
if we don't wake up and address unemployment and the double standard of a white
minority who care nothing about this country but everything about its rich
resources.

It is interesting to see how a country can create something out of nothing.
South Africa has diamonds, gold and skills, and yet we don't have a business
dealing in the precious metals and diamonds.

In the Cape we had a thriving jewellery industry and in fact, at one stage, had
the Cape Mint. The jewellery industry in the Cape was a very traditional
industry and many of the earlier Malay settlers passed the trade down from
father to son.

The small jewellers were thriving and all families were finding employment
within the traditional family business. With the advent of our new and sometimes
onerous labour legislation and in particular the Jewellery Bargaining Council
many of these small firms found that they were unable to pay the minimum wages
and to contribute to the running of the council.

I was involved in many disputes within that bargaining council and often the
small jewellers warned that onerous regulations would eventually close them
down. This has come to pass and today the industry is a mere shadow of its
former self. We can bet that the new shining industry in Dubai will grow from
strength to strength and will be encouraged by the government.

With its plan to build six nuclear power stations the government seems
stubbornly determined to land the country, not so much with a single white
elephant, but with an entire herd!

It's extremely difficult to understand what motivates our leaders here. Why
would we want to buy into a technology that is outdated by decades just at the
moment when the advanced economies are moving out of it? I feel as if I am a
student back in France in the mid-1970s when the country was building its
nuclear power plants and boasting on television, 'En France, on n'a pas de
pÃ©trole, mais on a des idÃ©es' (In France we have no oil, but we do have
ideas). France is now starting to replace them with 21st century technology.

Have we so internalised our Third World status to the extent that we can only
imagine ourselves as forty years behind the First World technologically and
economically? Or is it that the new, disruptive technologies do not fit the
political and economic model of central control because they are of their nature
more distributed among local communities and individual families? Is this form
of 'power to the people' just a bit too much power to cede to them?

If so might the government be persuaded of the futility of its approach by the
following observations?

n With the world economy slowing down and with a flood of new, more efficient
technologies, electricity demand will fall and six nuclear plants will be
unnecessary.

n Economist Iraj Abedian thinks the money spent on Medupi and Kusile will never
be recovered and Eskom will become redundant, so imagine the effect of six
nuclear plants.

n Six unnecessary nuclear plants costing (literally) untold sums will inflict a
huge body blow on the economy, on the common good and on the government's
popularity.

Our hopes rest with Minister Nhlanhla Nene to put a stop to this nuclear
insanity.

We need to unleash the potential of small-scale farmers; the science of
agriculture has to be made accessible. Small-scale farmers are hungry for
knowledge to grow their enterprises. Imagine a world without many of the foods
we increasingly take for granted every day, a world without tea, sugar, orange,
apple, bananas. How would our lives change?

Smallholder farmers are the drivers of many economies in Africa even though
their potential is often not brought forward. The fact is the trade in most of
the aforementioned agricultural commodities is heavily reliant on smallholders,
many of whom struggle to earn a sustainable cost of production. Their
vulnerability and the need to find lasting solutions should serve as a wake-up
call to all of us.

Many small-scale farmers are trapped in a cycle of poverty, made worse by
decades of price volatility and underinvestment in agriculture, and now facing
new threats from a changing climate. This phenomenon is threatening the very
sustainability of many of the products we enjoy on a daily basis.

It is a scandal that half of the world's hungriest people are themselves
smallholder farmers. The fact that so many hungry people are food producers
shows just how unbalanced our global food system has become. Hunger,
undernourishment and poverty continue to scar the lives of millions, while
consumers in rich countries waste as much food as the entire net food production
of sub-Saharan Africa.

World Health Organisation research reveals that, for the first time, the number
of years of healthy living lost globally as a result of over-eating outweighs
the number lost by people eating too little. Our global food system is
dangerously out of farmers and out of control in the way food is traded and
distributed. We know there is enough food for everyone, but everyone is not
getting enough food.

Millions were plunged into poverty due to high food prices. International bodies
predict that food prices are likely to remain high and volatile for the next
decade - at the very least posing grave concerns for the future of smallholder
farmers.

After decades of neglect, the issues of food security and smallholder
agriculture are again starting to receive more serious attention from world
leaders and institutions. With the introduction of AgriPark by the Department of
Rural Development and Land Reform, I am hopeful that we will see small-scale
farmers succeed. There are new calls for reinvestment in small-scale farming.
Major new private sector sustainability initiatives are seeking to increase the
number of smallholders in their supply chains.

Smallholders often lack influence and power over decisions that affect them.
Their demands for local services and farming inputs, for example, regularly go
unheard. Their influence on agricultural policy and budgets, or in any global
supply chains that they are part of, is extremely low. Many smallholders are
hampered by poor quality of land, inadequate water supplies, reliance on basic
farming equipment and a lack of land tenure security. These are compounded by
the increasing affects of climate change and poor access to local markets,
extension services and rural financial services. They are routinely manipulated
by local traders, lacking up-to-date market information to negotiate
effectively.

All these challenges are far greater for women. Because of these challenges,
they are highly vulnerable to shocks, poverty and hunger. Their vulnerability to
hunger is exacerbated by high food prices. Most smallholders are net food buyers
(buying more food than they sell), meaning they are suffering rather than
gaining from high food prices.

Governments should strengthen policies and increase investment to build the
operational and advocacy capacity of producer organisations, especially women
farmer groups, so that they are able to influence policy design and
implementation. Transform the agriculture and trade policymaking culture, to
make it transparent and participatory.

I couldn't believe my eyes last Wednesday morning when I reached the Business
Report pages. The front page showed the chief executive of BMW Harald Krueger in
the most embarrassing moment in probably his entire live, fainting during a
press conference in Frankfurt.

I really would like to know which kind of person is so insensible not only to
publicise this kind of event but to put it on a front page in movie style
pictures?

Can't this person imagine how terrible Krueger must have felt, not only during
his collapse, but especially after?

Is it funny for certain people to watch others suffer through tough times? Can
this person maybe imagine how Krueger's kid or kids, in case he has, will be
teased at school?

My disappointment in the Business Report publishing this kind of humiliation is
beyond words.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NM


                Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                               86 of 90 DOCUMENTS

                          THE JOURNAL (Newcastle, UK)

                        June 9, 1998, Tuesday Edition 1

Women continue vital role in UK agriculture - Minister to back status raising
bid

BYLINE: By Anna Lognonne

SECTION: FARMING JOURNAL, Pg. 31

LENGTH: 477 words


   ALTHOUGH farming is considered to be a male-dominated industry, women have
always played an important role in UK agriculture.

But their role has gone largely unrecognised by the general public, despite the
countless hours of work put in by rural women across the country every week.

So today the Minister for Women, Joan Ruddock MP, is giving her support to a
campaign to raise the status of rural women, highlighted in a conference report
entitled Women in Agriculture.

Haydon Bridge farmer Annabelle Morshead, who lives at Lees Farm, is very much
involved in the running of the Nilston Rigg Farms, in partnership with her
father Tommy Bates and her brother Benadict.

And she believes that these times of economic strife and increased legislation
will serve to bolster women's involvement in agriculture in the future.

She said: "Women are the linchpin of the industry. With all the added paperwork
farmers have to do, farmers' wives usually take on the vital role of farm
secretary.

"And with incomes dropping, women are either having to do more on the farm, go
out and get a job to bring in a second income, or diversify the business and run
something like a bed and breakfast."

A farmer's daughter, Annabelle took an interest in the family business from an
early age and counts herself lucky that her father encouraged her to take an
active role in the running of the farms, which now stretch to over 1,000 acres
and support 135 suckler cows and 1,100 ewes plus followers.

Annabelle admits women farmers are in the minority but said that just provided
her with an added incentive to do well. This motive has certainly paid off, with
her lambs attracting some of the top prices at the mart.

She is also vice-chairman of the National Farmers' Union's countryside committee
in Northumberland, a member of the English Nature Northern Liaison Committee and
is going back on to the Country Landowners' Association's Northumbrian branch
executive.

However, Annabelle, a trained cordon bleu cook, feels rural women should receive
the recognition they deserve for all the work they carry out behind the scenes.
And she thinks that when it comes to specialist work, such as lambing, women can
do the job just as well as a man.

"Obviously some jobs, such as banging in fence posts, require a lot of physical
strength and, although I'm sure there are some women who are very strong, most
employers would prefer to hire a man.

"But women have other qualities. I hired a woman to help me with the lambing and
she was excellent. She was so patient and tolerant and believed in giving
everything a chance. We achieved a lambing percentage of over 200pc."

Young Farmers' Clubs have played an important role in developing women's
interest in farming, holding stock judging classes and tractor driving
competitions for both sexes.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Deserved recognition: Annabelle Morshead with the flock at Lees Farm.

                Copyright 1998 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd


                               87 of 90 DOCUMENTS

          GUADALUPE L. GARCIA, et al., Plaintiffs, v. ANN V. VENEMAN,
              Secretary, United States Department of Agriculture,
                                   Defendant.

                         Civil Action No. 00-2445 (JR)

           UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA

                          2002 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 29295


                            March 10, 2002, Decided
                             March 20, 2002, Filed

SUBSEQUENT HISTORY: Class certification denied by Garcia v. Veneman, 211 F.R.D.
15, 2002 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 24113 (D.D.C., 2002)

CORE TERMS: farmers, disaster, statute of limitations, class action, benefit
programs, investigate, lending, civil rights, discriminatory, eligible,
briefing, certify, farm

COUNSEL:  [*1] For GUADALUPE L. GARCIA, For himself and on behald of G.A. GARCIA
and SONS FARM, Plaintiff: Adam P. Feinberg, Richard A. Hibey, LEAD ATTORNEYS,
MILLER & CHEVALIER CHARTERED, Washington, DC; Alexander John Pires, Jr., LEAD
ATTORNEY, PIRES COOLEY, Washington, DC; Robert F. Ruyak, LEAD ATTORNEY, WINSTON
& STRAWN LLP, Washington, DC; Stephen S Hill, LEAD ATTORNEY, Washington, DC.

For TONY JIMINEZ, PATRICIA JIMINEZ, Plaintiffs: Adam P. Feinberg, LEAD ATTORNEY,
MILLER & CHEVALIER CHARTERED, Washington, DC; Alexander John Pires, Jr., LEAD
ATTORNEY, PIRES COOLEY, Washington, DC.

PATRICIA JIMINEZ, Plaintiff, Pro se, Cathey's Valley, VC.

For MR. X, MRS. X, Plaintiffs: Alexander John Pires, Jr., LEAD ATTORNEY, PIRES
COOLEY, Washington, DC.

For ALL PLAINTIFFS, Plaintiff: Alexander John Pires, Jr., LEAD ATTORNEY, PIRES
COOLEY, Washington, DC; Alan Mitchell Wiseman, COVINGTON & BURLING LLP,
Washington, DC; Stephen S Hill, LEAD ATTORNEY, Washington, DC.

For DAN GLICKMAN, Secretary, United States Department of Agriculture, Defendant:
Lisa Ann Olson, LEAD ATTORNEY, U.S. DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE, Washington, DC; Jean
Lin, U.S. DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE, Civil Division, Federal Programs Branch,
Washington, DC.

For [*2]  ANN V. VENEMAN, Defendant: Lisa Ann Olson, LEAD ATTORNEY, U.S.
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE, Washington, DC; Rupa Bhattacharyya, LEAD ATTORNEY, U.S.
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE, CIVIL DIVISION, Washington, DC; Elizabeth Goitein, UNITED
STATES DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE, Civil Division, Federal Programs Branch,
Washington, DC.

For MICHAEL JOHANNS, Secretary, The United States Department of Agriculture,
THOMAS J. VILSACK, Secretary, The United States Department of Agriculture,
Defendants: Lisa Ann Olson, LEAD ATTORNEY, U.S. DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE,
Washington, DC.

For BLACK FARMERS AND AGRICULTURALISTS ASSOCIATION, INC., Movant: Christal E.
Edwards, LEAD ATTORNEY, EDWARDS LEGAL GROUP, LLC, Silver Spring, MD.

For GLORIA MORALEZ, LARRY CHAVARRIA, ROBERT CHAVARRIA, for themselves and on
behalf of Chavarria Farming Co., JIMMY ALVAREZ, ELIZABETH ALVAREZ, PATRICK R.
FLORES, Mr., F. RICHARD LLANEZ, Mr., HECTOR T. FLORES, Mr., ARTURO VASQUEZ, Mr.,
RODOLFO VASQUEZ, Mr., DAVID L. HINJOSA, SR., Mr., Plaintiffs: Phillip L. Fraas,
LEAD ATTORNEY, STINSON LEONARD STREET, LLP, Washington, DC.

For BEATRICE GARZA, RODOLFO GARZA, YSIDORO F. MENDOZA, ALBERTO A. ACOSTA, DAVID
FLORES, Mr., GILBERT A. GARCIA, Mr., EDWARDO R. LOPEZ, [*3]  Mr., ISMAEL O.
MEDINA, Mr., SONJA MEYERS, Ms., ROBERT ORTEGA, JR., Mr., EDWARD W. PROVENCIO,
Mr., GEORGE L. PROVENCIO, Mr., ALEX CONTRERAS, Mr., JOE CONTRERAS, Mr., LOUIS
CONTRERAS, Mr., JUAN J. FLORES, Mr. R, ALBERTO M. ORTEGA, Mr., RENE ORTEGA, Ms.,
RUPERTO R. RODRIGUEZ, Mr., ERASMO VALDEZ, Mr., DIONICIO VALDEZZ, II, Mr.,
Plaintiffs: Adam P. Feinberg, LEAD ATTORNEY, MILLER & CHEVALIER CHARTERED,
Washington, DC; Phillip L. Fraas, LEAD ATTORNEY, STINSON LEONARD STREET, LLP,
Washington, DC.

JUDGES: JAMES ROBERTSON, United States District Judge.

OPINION BY: JAMES ROBERTSON

OPINION


MEMORANDUM ORDER

Plaintiffs are Hispanic farmers who complain of discrimination in the
administration of U.S. Department of Agriculture loan and disaster benefit
programs.1 The government moves to dismiss under Fed. R. Civ. P. 12(b)(1) and
12(b)(6), arguing that the Court lacks jurisdiction over several claims and that
plaintiffs have failed to allege a cognizable claim under the Equal Credit
Opportunity Act, 15 U.S.C. §§ 1691 et seq., the Administrative Procedure Act, 5
U.S.C. §§ 701 et seq., or the Declaratory Judgment Act, 28 U.S.C. §§ 2201 et
seq. For the reasons set forth below and in Love v. Veneman, Civ. No. 00-2502,
mem. op., 2001 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 25201 (D.D.C. Dec. 13, 2001), the motion will
denied in part and granted in part.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

1 The ten named plaintiffs [*4]  also sue on behalf of others similarly
situated, including 92 individuals named but not described in the second amended
complaint. The plaintiffs' motion for class certification and the government's
motion to strike class action allegations and to dismiss the putative class
members are in abeyance pending further briefing by the parties.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Background

This case is one of a number of class actions filed by minority and women
farmers in the wake of several reports documenting discriminatory practices in
local USDA offices and the dismantling of the Department's civil rights
enforcement program in the early 1980s. In 1998, concerned that farmers had
relied to their detriment upon USDA's (inoperative) internal mechanisms to
investigate their discrimination complaints, Congress extended the statute of
limitations until October 21, 2000, to allow farmers who had filed
administrative complaints concerning USDA discrimination between 1981 and 1996
to bring suit in U.S. District Court. 7 U.S.C. § 2279 Note. USDA has settled a
class action filed on behalf of African American farmers, Pigford v. Glickman,
185 F.R.D. 82 (D.D.C. 1999), aff'd, 206 F.3d 1212, 340 U.S. App. D.C. 420 (D.C.
Cir. 2000). This action by Hispanic farmers, however, as well as suits by Native
American farmers, Keepseagle v. Veneman, Civ. No. 99-3119, 2001 U.S. Dist. LEXIS
25220  [*5] , and female farmers, Love v. Veneman, Civ. No. 00-2502, 2001 U.S.
Dist. LEXIS 25201, continue in litigation.

The Garcia plaintiffs allege that from January 1, 1981, to the present, the
Farmers Home Administration and its successor, the Farm Service Agency,
discriminated against Hispanic farmers and ranchers in awarding disaster
benefits and operating, farm ownership, and emergency loans. They also allege
that the USDA acted arbitrarily in failing to investigate and resolve their
discrimination complaints.

Analysis

The government's motion to dismiss raises the same legal arguments advanced in
its motion to dismiss in Love v. Veneman. For the reasons set forth in a
memorandum issued in the Love case on Dec. 13, 2001, (1) the Garcia plaintiffs
are entitled to bring ECOA claims for discrimination in lending transactions
without administrative exhaustion; (2) at least some of the named plaintiffs'
lending claims satisfy the statute of limitations2 ; and (3) plaintiffs'
allegations of failure to investigate civil rights complaints do not state
claims under ECOA or the APA.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

2 Plaintiffs Guadalupe Garcia and Gloria Moralez satisfied the special statute
of limitations for USDA claims by bringing suit on "eligible [administrative]
[*6]  complaints" that they had filed prior to July 1, 1997, asserting
discrimination in USDA lending and disaster benefit programs between 1981 and
1996. Agricultural, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related
Agencies Appropriation Act, 1999, Pub. L. 105-277, § 741, 112 Stat. 2681-30
(codified at 7 U.S.C. § 2279 Note). However, Mr. Garcia's "eligible complaint"
only appears to have concerned his 1986 loan application. The plaintiffs' second
amended complaint does not describe any discrimination complaint meeting the
requirements of 7 U.S.C. § 2279 as having been filed concerning his 1988 and
1994 credit applications, so those claims are now time barred.

It is unclear from the face of the complaint whether Tony and Patricia Jimenez,
Beatrice and Rodolfo Garza, and Edward and Normal Flores filed complaints within
the USDA that specifically asserted discrimination as required by 7 U.S.C. §
2279 Note. Love v. Veneman, Civ. No. 00-2502, mem. op., 2001 U.S. Dist. LEXIS
25201 at *10-12. It is also unclear whether Mr. Garcia, Mr. and Mrs. Jimenez,
and Larry and Robert Chavarria meet ECOA's general two-year statute of
limitations as to their claims based on 1998 credit transactions. 15 U.S.C. §
1691e(f). Since the special statute of limitations does not apply to USDA
discrimination after 1996 or administrative [*7]  complaints filed after July 1,
1997, the 1998 claims are barred unless they concern transactions occurring
within two years of the filing of this action on October 13, 2000. Because 12(b)
(1) motions must be generously construed in the plaintiffs' favor, the motion to
dismiss these plaintiffs will be denied at this time. Love v. Veneman, Civ. No.
00-2502, mem. op., 2001 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 25201 at *16 & n.8. However, the
government is free to renew its motion if these plaintiffs cannot demonstrate
that they satisfy the statute of limitation requirements.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

The only legal issue requiring further discussion arises from plaintiffs' claims
for discriminatory administration of disaster benefit programs.3 A disaster
benefit decision is not a "credit transaction" within the meaning of ECOA. 15
U.S.C. § 1691(a). A final agency action denying a disaster benefit is, however,
reviewable under the Administrative Procedure Act, 5 U.S.C. §§ 702, 704.
Plaintiff Gloria Moralez asserts that she was denied disaster benefit payments
for losses to her grape crop in 1993 and that she filed a discrimination
complaint with the USDA prior to July 1, 1997, concerning that denial. Although
the effectiveness of APA relief is questionable -- the APA does not waive the
government's [*8]  sovereign immunity with regard to money damages, 5 U.S.C. §
702 -- Ms. Moralez has satisfied the special statute of limitations approved by
Congress and has standing to assert her claim before this court. 7 U.S.C. § 2279
Note.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

3 Such claims were dismissed in Love because the only named plaintiff who
alleged the unlawful denial of disaster benefits was successful on her
administrative appeal. Love v. Veneman, Civ. No. 00-2502, mem. op., 2001 U.S.
Dist. LEXIS 25201 at *16.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

It is accordingly this 10th day of March 2002,

ORDERED that defendant's motion to dismiss [#5] is denied in part and granted in
part. And it is

FURTHER ORDERED that plaintiffs' motion to for leave to file a second amended
complaint [#16, #19] is granted. And it is

FURTHER ORDERED that defendant's motion to strike plaintiffs' motion to certify
the class [#21] is denied. And it is

FURTHER ORDERED that plaintiffs' motion to strike defendant's notice of filing
[#33, #34] is granted. And it is

FURTHER ORDERED that the Court's order of January 23, 2001 [#14] is modified as
described in open court on February 21, 2002, to permit further briefing on the
motions to certify a class [#18] and to strike class action allegations [#5].

/s/ James Robertson

JAMES ROBERTSON

United States District Judge [*9]


                               88 of 90 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright (c) 2012 The University of Baltimore Law Review
                       University of Baltimore Law Review

                                  Winter, 2012

                       University of Baltimore Law Review

                            41 U. Balt. L. Rev. 263

LENGTH: 22077 words

2011 FEMINIST LEGAL THEORY CONFERENCE APPLYING FEMINISM GLOBALLY: SYMPOSIUM
ARTICLE: CEDAW AND RURAL DEVELOPMENT: EMPOWERING WOMEN WITH LAW FROM THE TOP
DOWN, ACTIVISM FROM THE BOTTOM UP

NAME: Marta R. Vanegas & Lisa R. Pruitt+

BIO: + Marta R. Vanegas is a 2011 graduate of University of California Davis
School of Law, where Lisa R. Pruitt is Professor of Law, lrpruitt@ucdavis.edu.
Thanks to Susan Machum and Barbara Pini for comments on an earlier draft and to
Monica J. Crooms for superb and tenacious research and editorial support. Any
remaining errors are ours.

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... Division for the Advancement of Women indicate that governments seek to
achieve rural women's empowerment through the women's grassroots activism,
including via local self-help groups (SHGs) and cooperatives as envisioned by
14(2)(e).  ... States Parties shall take all appropriate measures to eliminate
discrimination against women in rural areas in order to ensure, on a basis of
equality of men and women, that they participate in and benefit from rural
development and, in particular, shall ensure to such women the right: (a) To
participate in the elaboration and implementation of development planning at all
levels; (b) To have access to adequate health care facilities, including
information, counseling and services in family planning; (c) To benefit directly
from social security programmes; (d) To obtain all types of training and
education, formal and non-formal, including that relating to functional
literacy, as well as, inter alia, the benefit of all community and extension
services, in order to increase their technical proficiency; (e) To organize
self-help groups and co-operatives in order to obtain equal access to economic
opportunities through employment or self-employment; (f) To participate in all
community activities; (g) To have access to agricultural credit and loans,
marketing facilities, appropriate technology and equal treatment in land and
agrarian reform as well as in land resettlement schemes; (h) To enjoy adequate
living conditions, particularly in relation to housing, sanitation, electricity
and water supply, transport and communications.  ... We consider the official
reports of four sizeable and populous Member States to assess their governments'
attitudes towards grassroots women's organizations and cooperatives,
particularly those in rural places as envisaged by Article 14(2)(e).  ... We
consider not only what the countries say they are doing in relation to
cooperatives and SHGs in particular, but also how these Member States are
approaching two other issues related to women's economic empowerment: capacity
building and access to technology.  ... Nevertheless, all of these organizations
do work consistent with CEDAW's aspirations because all seek to improve rural
women's de facto position within society, some addressing socioeconomic rights
and some addressing civil and political rights enumerated by CEDAW (e.g.,
health, education, political involvement, as well as inclusion in agriculture
and other means of rural development).  ... One of these Centres, the Prairie
Women's Health Centre for Excellence (PWHCE), for example, studied the impact of
diminishing support for government programs serving Saskatchewan farm
communities, and it advocated for a mental health system that is more responsive
to local women's needs.  ... Founded in 1949, the ACWF promotes "the further
liberation of women" by uniting women's organizations associated with different
ethnicities and across a range of geographical areas.

HIGHLIGHT:

   ABSTRACT


   The Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against
Women (CEDAW) is one of the most widely ratified human rights treaties in
history, yet many view it as a failure in terms of what it has achieved for
women. In spite of the lack of a meaningful enforcement mechanism and various
other shortcomings, however, CEDAW has inspired feminist activism around the
world and helped raise women's legal consciousness. While CEDAW itself is widely
viewed as a product of feminist activism in the international arena, this essay
explores the Convention's role as a source of - and tool for - grassroots
feminist activism. Our focus is on such activism in rural areas of both
developed and developing countries, places where law is often functionally
absent.

   CEDAW recognizes rural women as a particularly disadvantaged group in need of
additional rights. Article 14 addresses rural women exclusively and
specifically, stipulating that they - like their urban counterparts - should
enjoy a panoply of rights: education, health care, and an array of civil and
political rights. Moreover, Article 14 enumerates for rural women rights related
to participation in agriculture and development more generally. It also includes
the right for rural women to organize self-help groups and cooperatives for
purposes of obtaining "equal access to economic opportunities through employment
or self-employment," a right not mentioned elsewhere in relation to all women.
Finally, Article 14 enumerates for rural women a wider range of socioeconomic
rights than CEDAW elsewhere recognizes for all women. These include rights to
various types of infrastructure, including water, sanitation, electricity,
transport, and housing.

   This essay first considers how Article 14 is consistent with contemporary
feminism's greater focus on socioeconomic rights as a reflection of women's
material concerns and lack of economic power. It considers these rights against
a rural backdrop, where socioeconomic deprivations tend to be greater and where
Member States face spatial and other distinct challenges to economic
development, as well as to the provision of basic services such as healthcare
and education. We examine Member States' responses to their Article 14
commitments to empowering rural women, with particular attention to how Member
States have encouraged and facilitated self-organization by women, as required
by Article 14(2)(e). Member States' periodic reports to the U.N. Division for
the Advancement of Women indicate that governments seek to achieve rural women's
empowerment through the women's grassroots activism, including via local
self-help groups (SHGs) and cooperatives as envisioned by 14(2)(e). Indeed, some
evidence suggests that Member States benefit directly from rural women's
self-organizing when women's SHGs and cooperatives go beyond facilitating
women's economic empowerment to become vehicles for delivering health,
education, and other services in rural areas. These women's organizations thus
do a range of work under the ambit of rural empowerment.

   The essay next considers local women's organizations in four Member States,
two developed nations and two developing ones. We analyze how these
organizations draw on and benefit from CEDAW's Article 14(2)(e) mandate (however
weak a mandate it is, practically speaking) to encourage women's collective
mobilization. Thus, the essay sketches a portrait of the potential and actual
symbiosis between top-down lawmaking and bottom-up activism to empower women. In
short, we focus not on CEDAW's role as an enforceable human rights treaty, but
rather on its function as an expressive document that has fostered and
facilitated applied feminism.


 TEXT:
 [*266]

   INTRODUCTION

 CEDAW, the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against
Women, n1 is one of the most widely ratified human rights treaties in history,
n2 yet many view it as a failure in terms of what it has achieved for women. n3
In spite of the lack of a meaningful enforcement mechanism n4 and various other
[*267]  shortcomings, n5 however, CEDAW has inspired feminist activism around
the world n6 and helped raise women's legal consciousness. n7 Of course, CEDAW
is widely seen as a product of feminist activism, but this essay explores the
Convention's role as an expressive document, which has fostered - both directly
and indirectly - feminist activism in rural parts of both developed and
developing countries. n8

   CEDAW recognizes rural women as a particularly disadvantaged group in need of
additional rights. n9 Article 14 addresses rural women exclusively and
specifically, stipulating that they - like their urban counterparts - should
enjoy the panoply of CEDAW rights: education, health care, and an array of civil
and political rights. n10 Moreover, Article 14 enumerates for rural women rights
related to participation in agriculture and development more generally. n11 As a
[*268]  related matter, it includes the right for women to organize self-help
groups (SHGs) and cooperatives for purposes of obtaining "equal access to
economic opportunities through employment or self-employment," a right not
enumerated elsewhere in relation to all women. n12 Finally, Article 14
enumerates for rural women a wider range of socioeconomic rights than CEDAW
elsewhere recognizes for all women. n13 These include rights to various types of
infrastructure, including water, sanitation, electricity, transportation, and
housing. n14

   This essay first discusses Article 14 in relation to contemporary feminism's
greater focus on socioeconomic rights as a reflection of women's material
concerns and lack of economic power. n15 We  [*269]  analyze this issue against
a rural backdrop, where socioeconomic deprivations tend to be greater and where
Member States face spatial and other distinct challenges to economic
development, as well as to the provision of services. n16 We next examine Member
States' responses to their Article 14 commitments to empower rural women, with
particular attention to how Member States have encouraged and enabled
self-organization by women. Member States' periodic reports to the U.N. Division
for the Advancement of Women n17 indicate that governments seek to achieve rural
women's empowerment by their grassroots activism, including via the local
self-help groups and cooperatives envisioned by Article 14. n18 Indeed, Member
States often tout the proliferation of women's collectives in their periodic
country reports. n19 Furthermore, evidence suggests that Member States benefit
directly from rural women's self-organizing when women's SHGs and cooperatives
go beyond facilitating women's economic empowerment to become vehicles for
delivering health, education, and other services. n20 These groups thus play key
roles in different aspects of rural development.

    [*270]  Lastly, we consider several local women's organizations in each of
four Member States, two developed and two developing nations. n21 We analyze how
these organizations reflect CEDAW's mandate (however weak a mandate it is) to
encourage women's collective mobilization, even as it is unclear that the
organizations are aware of their governments' international obligations to do
so. n22 We thus begin to construct a portrait of the symbiotic relationship
between top-down lawmaking and bottom-up activism to empower women. n23 In
short, we focus on CEDAW's role not as an enforceable human rights treaty, but
rather on its function as an expressive document that appears to have fostered
and facilitated the development of women's self-organization, especially in
rural areas. n24 These women's organizations, in turn, effect rural development
and influence its trajectory.

   Our examination of rural women's empowerment is particularly timely because
that very topic will be the focus of the 56th Session of the United Nations
Commission on the Status of Women, set for February-March, 2012, shortly after
this essay goes to press. n25 The Session will address rural women's role in
poverty reduction, hunger eradication and rural development. In preparation for
that Session, UN Women and several other international organizations convened
[*271]  an expert group meeting in September, 2011, Enabling Rural Women's
Economic Empowerment: Institutions, Opportunities, and Participation. n26 Among
the recommendations associated with that preliminary meeting is one that aligns
with our conclusion regarding the significance of rural women's organizing
efforts at the local level: "support ... strong formal and informal rural
institutions that [enhance] women's efforts ... and ability to negotiate for
improved livelihoods ... and advocate for change." n27

   I. BACKGROUND: A SHORT PRIMER ON CEDAW

 Equality for women has been a fundamental tenet of the United Nations since its
inception in 1945. n28 Acting on this tenet, the United Nations adopted the
Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women
(CEDAW) in 1979; the Convention entered into force in 1981. n29 Many hailed
CEDAW as the Magna Carta for women's rights, or a Bill of Rights for women. n30
More than  [*272]  ninety percent of U.N. members (185 countries) are parties to
the Convention. n31 The Convention recognizes that women "suffer from various
forms of discrimination because they are women," n32 and it responds with a very
broad mandate. The Convention requires Member States to eliminate "direct or
indirect discrimination" in all spheres of life, "improve the de facto position
of women," and "address prevailing gender relations" and discriminatory
stereotypes. n33

   CEDAW was the first treaty to enumerate particular rights for rural
populations. n34 Indeed, CEDAW's Article 14 is entirely about  [*273]  rural
women. n35 Article 14(1) recognizes "the particular problems faced by rural
women" as well as "the significant roles which women play in the economic
survival of their families," and calls on States Parties to "ensure the
application" of the entirety of CEDAW to "women in rural areas." n36 This
provision thus requires Member States to see that rural women, like their urban
counterparts, enjoy all rights addressed by the Convention. n37

   Article 14(2) goes further, enumerating particular rights for rural women. It
provides:

    [*274]

 2. States Parties shall take all appropriate measures to eliminate
discrimination against women in rural areas in order to ensure, on a basis of
equality of men and women, that they participate in and benefit from rural
development and, in particular, shall ensure to such women the right:



 (a) To participate in the elaboration and implementation of development
planning at all levels;



 (b) To have access to adequate health care facilities, including information,
counseling and services in family planning;



 (c) To benefit directly from social security programmes;



 (d) To obtain all types of training and education, formal and non-formal,
including that relating to functional literacy, as well as, inter alia, the
benefit of all community and extension services, in order to increase their
technical proficiency;



 (e) To organize self-help groups and co-operatives in order to obtain equal
access to economic opportunities through employment or self-employment;



 (f) To participate in all community activities;



 (g) To have access to agricultural credit and loans, marketing facilities,
appropriate technology and equal treatment in land and agrarian reform as well
as in land resettlement schemes;



 (h) To enjoy adequate living conditions, particularly in relation to housing,
sanitation, electricity and water supply, transport and communications. n38

 Our focus here is on subsection (2)(e), which instructs Member States to take
appropriate measures to ensure that women have the right to organize self-help
groups and cooperatives for the particular purpose of access to economic
opportunities. n39 Bangladesh, a country  [*275]  whose population is
predominantly rural, n40 proposed inclusion of this right. n41 Indeed, the
Bangladesh Integrated Development Programme n42 recognized in the early 1970s
that encouraging self-help groups and cooperatives is one of the best practices
for eradicating rural poverty. n43 Countries as diverse as Ghana and Sweden
supported what became Article 14, noting that discrimination in these sectors
exists in some countries. n44

[*276]

   II. SPATIAL INEQUALITY, STASIS, AND ABSENCE OF LAW IN RURAL PLACES

 One reason for our focus on Article 14(2)(e) is that international
organizations from the World Bank to the International Fund for Agricultural
Development have long highlighted the significance of cooperatives and self-help
organizations to successful rural development. n45 This focus is based on the
nature of rural spatiality; unlike their urban counterparts, impoverished rural
populations "are spread over large areas." n46 Scholars writing about rurality
in the United States have observed an absence of formal law in rural places, n47
and this phenomenon is similarly characteristic of rural parts of developing
countries. n48 Thus, even where domestic laws confer rights upon women, a state
may lack - or be unwilling to commit - resources for promoting, enforcing, and
protecting such rights. n49  [*277]  Without enforcement, such laws become
meaningless: local customs and oppressive practices will continue to prevail.
n50 Local sources of authority thus remain more entrenched in rural areas, n51
reinforcing patriarchal norms n52 and contributing to a relative social and
cultural stasis n53 that may further constrain women's self-organization and
advancement. n54 Similarly, even when the state makes funds available for
women's organizations, the state may do little or nothing to promote women's use
of such funds, especially in rural areas. n55 Without access to the funds set
aside, women's organizations in rural areas may fold after an initial fledgling
period. n56

    [*278]  Because rural populations tend to be small and sparse, rural
residents tend to form relationships that are different in character than those
of their urban counterparts. n57 Rural areas are often characterized by
homogeneity as well as by a high density of acquaintance. n58 Both tend to
result in a lack of anonymity n59 within villages and similar rural locales. n60
Because of such community characteristics, social norms tend to evolve more
slowly in rural areas than in urban places, where greater diversity and
anonymity among the populace tend to generate more robust change. n61 The
entrenched nature of local authority in rural places similarly results in a
reluctance to alter traditions and shared heritage. n62 Women's organizations
and collectives may face significant backlash if they challenge such entrenched
local power structures.

   Furthermore, while rural residents may be acquainted with one another, as
within villages, they are not necessarily in a position to  [*279]  organize
across villages in order to improve their lot. n63 Lack of infrastructure,
larger distances to traverse for meetings, and rigid social norms all contribute
to the increased difficulty of organizing that rural women encounter. n64 The
World Bank and other members of the Global Donor Platform have thus called for
governments "to provide the necessary legal framework" to facilitate
organization by the rural poor. n65 The International Fund for Agricultural
Development's (IFAD's) Rural Poverty Report lists "strengthening the collective
capabilities of rural people" as one of the four key areas that need "particular
attention ... and increasing investment." n66 Local organization is the catalyst
for decentralization that is capable of bringing true empowerment to
disadvantaged groups. n67 This process requires disadvantaged groups to develop
grassroots capacities to articulate demands, thereby gaining greater
participation in community decision-making and preventing elites from capturing
all the benefits. n68 In the next part, we consider how CEDAW has motivated
Member States to foster such frameworks, and in Part IV, we turn to how feminist
activists have used them to stimulate local organization efforts.

   III. CEDAW AND MEMBER STATES' COUNTRY REPORTS: TOP-DOWN LAW MAKING

 As an international treaty, CEDAW creates affirmative obligations for the
countries that have ratified or acceded to it to "put its  [*280]  provisions
into practice." n69 Member States also must submit national reports ("country
reports"), at least every four years, on "measures which they have adopted to
give effect to the provisions of" CEDAW. n70 The Member States have broad
discretion regarding what information to include in their reports. n71 They may
include, for example, "factors and difficulties affecting the degree of
fulfillment of obligations under CEDAW." n72 While the Member States' reports
may be self-serving and present an incomplete picture regarding women's rights
and status in the given state, the reporting mechanism nevertheless provides
some information about the practices the Member States encourage and support.
n73

   We consider the official reports of four sizeable and populous Member States
to assess their governments' attitudes towards grassroots women's organizations
and cooperatives, particularly those in rural places as envisaged by Article
14(2)(e). n74 These reports represent an opportunity to assess the synergy
between law's "top-down" role in endorsing women's economic and political
empowerment on the one hand and feminist activists' "bottom-up" role in
effecting change on the other. n75 In particular, we consider the significance
of feminist activism in rural contexts, where law and legal actors are often
assumed to be largely absent n76 and where patriarchy may be more entrenched.
n77

   Specifically, we consider the reports submitted by two so-called "developed
countries" - Australia and Canada - and two nations that are far less evenly
developed - China and India. n78 The four countries  [*281]  are similar in size
and in the extent of their rural regions, n79 and all also feature megacities
with sprawling outskirts. n80 We consider not  [*282]  only what the countries
say they are doing in relation to cooperatives and SHGs in particular, but also
how these Member States are approaching two other issues related to women's
economic empowerment: capacity building and access to technology. n81

   A comparison of these four countries offers access to reciprocal information
and knowledge regarding grassroots organizing in developed and less developed
countries. Understanding how developed countries facilitate women's grassroots
organizing could inform the policies and practices of less developed or more
unevenly developed countries. Likewise, examining highly unevenly developed
countries' approaches to supporting rural women could suggest some best
practices for sustaining grassroots organizations in rural areas of developed
countries, as well as in other less-developed nations. n82

   A. Encouraging Formation of Cooperatives

 To fulfill their obligations under CEDAW's Article 14(2)(e), many Member States
provide funding and administrative assistance to women's cooperatives and SHGs.
n83 These cooperatives and SHGs  [*283]  can then establish businesses or
deliver services to the local population. n84 The SHGs thus enhance the
livelihoods of rural women and, indeed, entire rural communities.

   In Canada, for example, the Federal Economic Development Initiative for
Northern Ontario (FedNor) instituted the Community Futures program, which
supports more than sixty Community Futures Development Corporations (CFDCs)
throughout rural Ontario. n85 In turn, these non-profit economic development
organizations provide assistance in creating and sustaining small businesses.
n86 FedNor also provides funding to women-targeted projects across the province;
between 2003 and 2006, FedNor loaned more than CAD 22 million to more than 500
women-led businesses. n87 Further, FedNor supports the PARO Centre for Women's
Enterprise in Northwestern Ontario, a not-for-profit and grassroots organization
focusing on the many unique challenges facing women as entrepreneurs and primary
family caregivers. n88 Lastly, FedNor partners with the Network for Women
Entrepreneurs (NWE) in rural and northern Ontario to promote their services to
women across the province. n89 Administered by the Canada-Ontario Business
Service Centre, the NWE provides women business owners with access to programs,
information, and services specifically tailored to the needs of the province's
businesswomen. n90 In 2005-2006, the NWE served over 18,000 clients. n91

    [*284]  Similarly, Australia reports that its National Women's Development
Programme "supports women's NGOs." n92 The Programme views those broadly
representative, effective, and viable national women's organizations as
contributing actively to government policies and strategies affecting women. n93
In 2001-2002, Australia set aside AUD 5.6 million to be used for this program
over four years. n94 In addition, the Department of Families, Housing, Community
Services and Indigenous Affairs works to advance the status of women through
various programs and services, such as funding NGOs that provide services to
women. n95 In 2008-2009, the Australian government issued more than AUD 1.2
million in grant funding for women's NGOs to improve services to marginalized
groups of women and develop projects that encourage effective interaction with
women who are not engaged in current policy debates. n96

   The Indian government views SHGs n97 and women's collectives n98 as
strategically critical for enhancing rural women's livelihoods; n99  [*285]
about 84% of Indian SHGs are women-only groups. n100 SHGs and collectives are
typically organized at the village level and provide an outlet for rural women
to discuss specific problems, explore solutions, and prepare to run for local
political office. n101 Further, a pilot program seeking to improve rural
development earmarks 40% of its benefits for women. n102 The program has
increased women's access to land by providing leases exclusively to women's SHGs
on community wasteland, fallow land, or surplus land. n103 As of March 31, 2005,
nearly 2 million SHGs had been formed under the pilot program over a six-year
span. n104 Of this total, women-only SHGs amounted to 1.36 million groups,
including the important Indian Scheduled Caste Development Corporation (SCDC) in
the state of Andhra Pradesh. n105 The SCDC provides subsidized credit to women's
SHGs to purchase or lease private land in the marketplace. n106 Another program,
the Swarnajayanti Gram Swarozgar Yojana (SGSY), seeks to lift beneficiary
families out of poverty by providing income-generating assets through combined
bank credit and government subsidy. n107

   Similarly, Women's Federations in China are major actors in the
implementation of governmental development policy. n108 Women's Federations
coordinate and provide on-the-job training, and theyparticipate in disbursing
micro-loans to rural women. n109 The All-China Women's Federation (ACWF)
oversees numerous projects to promote women's employment, n110 capacity
building, n111 gender  [*286]  equality, n112 and children's safety. n113 The
ACWF also dedicates its efforts to the prevention of human trafficking. n114

   Indeed, a common use of women's NGOs and SHGs is as guarantors or
distributors of micro-loans. n115 India's Rural Women's Development and
Empowerment Project, for example, allocates income-generating funds to many
SHGs. n116 The National Bank for Agricultural and Rural Development also focuses
on micro-financing SHGs, n117 of which about 90% are exclusively women's
collectives. n118 Women as small borrowers accounted for 14.5% of the loans
disbursed. n119 China similarly provides micro-credit to rural, women-  [*287]
owned enterprises. n120 These loans are underwritten either by local women's
federations n121 or via rural credit cooperatives. n122 Such small loans have a
95%-99% loan return rate, making them a sound investment. n123 In Canada, FedNor
distributes loans to women-owned enterprises. n124 The Rural Access Program
(RAP) in Australia, founded in July 1991, allows people in rural and remote
regions to plan, organize, and deliver activities and projects to meet community
needs. n125 Around one-third of the AUD 1.51 million available in 1992-1993 went
to women's organizations and their projects. n126 Another Australian
organization, Women's Health in the North (WHIN), provides women with
opportunities in economic participation. n127 In 2005-2007, the Victorian
government subsidized WHIN, in partnership with the Spectrum Migrant Resource
Center (SMRC), to execute its Enterprising Women project. n128

   At the same time, the country reports also indicate challenges facing women's
efforts to organize. The Canadian government mentions the need for increased
collaboration among stakeholders in rural communities, particularly in the
context of First Nations and indigenous populations. n129 Australia, n130 India,
n131 and China n132 echo  [*288]  similar concerns to differing degrees. The
so-called "Shadow Reports" published by NGOs active in some Member States also
express frustration with the lack of, or reduction in, funding available for
women's grassroots organizations. n133

[*289]

   B. Building Local Capacity

 One of the significant problems rural women face when organizing SHGs is the
lack of communication among localities and organizations within a region. n134
The governments of Member States can alleviate this problem by providing a
platform for women to share information about themselves and their
organizations. n135 Women's secretariats, alliances, and registers are the
primary vehicles for developing and networking local capacity, ensuring that
talented and ambitious women remain involved with their local communities. n136
In Australia, a National Rural Women's Secretariat was established in 2002,
based on the success of three earlier women's secretariats. n137 Its goal is to
strengthen the "diversity of women and women's organisations throughout the
community." n138 The Australian government allocated funding specifically for
training and mentoring women in community and organizational capacity building.
n139 The Australian states also do the work of building the  [*290]  capacities
of rural women interested in leadership. n140 For example, the state of Victoria
created a register of women, the VicWomen Directory, listing over 1,500 women
interested in, and available for, board appointments. n141 The government
encourages its departments to consult the Directory when making recommendations
for new appointments and reappointments. n142 Based on the success of the
VicWomen Directory, the Australian government is planning to develop a register
specifically to increase the representation of indigenous women on boards,
committees, and tribunals. n143 In 1996, Agriculture, Fisheries, and Forestry
Australia (AFFA) established "Balance" - a database of women with experience and
expertise in rural areas to encourage more appointments of women to departmental
boards and committees. n144 Australia also acknowledges the importance of
coordination among governmental and non-governmental organizations, especially
in rural areas. n145 The Regional Forums Australia Programme (RFAP) was
established in 1999 to foster partnerships among businesses, local communities,
and governments to improve the economic viability of rural communities. n146

   Canada reports a great need for local capacity building, leadership,
organizational development, and coordinated services, particularly with regard
to "Northern, aboriginal, immigrant, and rural communities." n147 Canada's Rural
Secretariat (RS) aims to improve the quality of life in rural communities so
that these regions can compete in the global economy. The Secretariat
accomplishes such  [*291]  improvements by encouraging and facilitating
partnerships among federal departments, provinces, and rural stakeholders. n148
Moreover, it ensures that federal policies and programs respond to the needs of
rural communities. n149 These partnerships foster knowledge building, policy
development, and the implementation of rural development strategies. n150

   In China, the All-China Women's Federation and its "local federations"
provide the platform for the government's efforts to develop the local
leadership capacity of women. The ACWF organizes leadership training courses for
women "cadres," develops a database of women of excellence, and recommends
qualified women candidates for leadership posts. n151 Also, India's Awareness
[*292]  Generation Programme (AGP), introduced in 1986-1987, aims to create
awareness among rural and poor women on various social issues so that they can
realize their potential in the family and society. n152 Both the local
government and women's grassroots organizations are involved in the
implementation of the awareness program, which emphasizes the participation of
women in their regional institutions. n153

   C. Improving Access to Telecommunications

 Technology can play a critical role in closing the opportunity gap between
rural and urban communities, n154 in part by fostering networking among women in
different communities and in part by facilitating training and instruction that
may otherwise be accessible only in metropolitan regions. n155 Many developed
countries have  [*293]  utilized technology to offer training programs that help
rural women retool and become competitive players in the economy. n156 In
Australia, for example, the Regional and Rural Women's Roundtable of 1999
identified improved access to telecommunications as the greatest area of concern
for rural women. n157 Notably, this concern was listed ahead of several other
needs, such as building social capital and social cohesion; economic and
business development; the provision of services including health, childcare,
transportation, counseling, and banking; and skill building and training. n158

   The same concerns appear in the 2010 Government of Queensland report that
documents the lack of progress in this area and reiterates the recommendations
of the Rural Women Symposium Working Group. n159 The report asserts, again, that
appropriate access to communication infrastructure such as phones, mobile
phones, and Internet is essential for promoting healthy, sustainable, and
economically viable rural communities. n160 Residents of rural Queensland
continue to struggle with unreliable landline maintenance, poor mobile phone
coverage, variations in availability and cost effectiveness of information
technology networks, and lack of access to affordable training on information
technology skills. n161

   These persistent deficits are all the more surprising given that, between
1992 and 2003, n162 Australia pioneered the establishment of Telecentres - local
hubs that were to provide up-to-date computing and telecommunications services
for rural and remote areas as a way of enhancing economic, educational, and
social opportunities. n163 However, the pace of development of these centers did
not match that  [*294]  of the expanding importance of telecommunication. n164
Most centers closed within five years of their establishment due to lack of
funding and community interest. n165 Nevertheless, women participated in most
community Telecentre committees, n166 and a quarter of successful Telecentre
applications were coordinated by local (i.e., rural) women. n167

   To further increase rural women's access to telecommunication services,
Australia initiated the Networking the Nation program in 1997. n168 The program,
which co-opted the previously installed Telecentres, n169 is managed by several
local women's NGOs, and it allows rural women to take advantage of improved
communications, online training, up-to-date commodities information, worldwide
marketing opportunities, and the ability to work from home. n170 Furthermore,
Australia established a national interactive computer network that provides
information on education and training opportunities to men and women living in
rural areas. n171

    [*295]  In 2010, Australia launched its National Broadband Network (NBN)
initiative, providing 93% of Australian homes, schools, and businesses with open
access to a high-speed broadband network. n172 According to the Australian
Department of Broadband, Communications and the Digital Economy, the NBN
provides rural and regional Australia with "unprecedented opportunities" for
businesses to overcome the distance that once hindered connections with distant
markets. n173 Today, Australian rural women actively use online training and
participate on message boards for employment or business advice. n174 These
programs bring together governmental and grassroots women's organizations to
solve particular problems. n175

   Telecommunication improvement remains an important objective for each of the
other nations, too, n176 though all of the nations face challenges in relation
to serving sparsely populated areas. China reports that it set up more than
24,000 science and technology guidance centers for improving rural women's
access to telecommunication services. n177 The World Bank, however, observed in
2009 that China lacks a coherent and comprehensive strategy for "rural
informatization" and that widespread access at public facilities is lacking.
n178

   India's federal government allocates significant resources - about 17% of its
budget - to improving the nation's telecommunication  [*296]  network. n179 By
comparison, it allocates just 2% of its budget for water supply and sanitation
purposes. n180 The village councils in several Indian states now have
computerized databases to improve rural women's access to administrative data
and to facilitate their use of governmental programs and schemes. n181 The
Indian government also provided 148 low-female-literacy districts with IT
infrastructure "to establish connectivity in these regions with other regions
for free flow of information and awareness generation." n182

   While neither the Canadian government report nor the shadow reports indicate
the need for any action in this critical area, n183 a digital divide that aligns
generally with the rural-urban axis persists in that nation. n184 To respond to
this rural deficit, Canada's 2010 Economic Action Plan provided CAD 225 million
to a program aimed at extending broadband coverage over a three-year period.
n185 As of February, 2011, the plan had approved ninety-one projects in eight
provinces and territories. These will provide broadband to some 230,000 homes.
n186

[*297]

   IV. BOTTOM-UP ACTIVISM: WOMEN'S GRASSROOTS ORGANIZING

 As the prior part illustrates, the four Member States we examined all report
that they utilize women's networks, cooperatives, and SHGs to achieve the
broader goals of CEDAW. As noted above, rural women face a range of distinct
obstacles to economic independence and self-realization. n187 Lack of
transportation, home and farm responsibilities, and lack of anonymity and
privacy n188 may all impede their access to services. Given these challenges, as
well as the limited resources available in rural communities, women's
organizations fill in the void and provide services and information to women.
n189 While under CEDAW's Article 14(2)(e) the Member States are obliged to
support women's economic organizations, once established, such organizations
themselves also work towards achieving CEDAW's broader goals, including women's
de facto equality. n190 They do so, for example, by delivering educational
services (as required by Articles 10 and 14) and networking that fosters
opportunities in both the public and private sectors (thus  [*298]  enhancing
women's participation in the political sphere and in global commerce). n191
These organizations have also undertaken valuable research into the factors that
distinguish the livelihoods and circumstances of rural women from those of their
urban counterparts, and they have become advocates for rural women. n192

   In this part, we discuss a few exemplary women's organizations in each
country, presenting these as ad hoc case studies of feminist activism. n193
While some of these organizations receive funds as a consequence of CEDAW's
mandate, we found no direct or express link between most organizations and the
Member States' CEDAW commitments. Nevertheless, all of these organizations do
work consistent with CEDAW's aspirations because all seek to improve rural
women's de facto position within society, n194 some addressing  [*299]
socioeconomic rights and some addressing civil and political rights enumerated
by CEDAW (e.g., health, education, political involvement, as well as inclusion
in agriculture and other means of rural development). n195 We thus consider the
impact of these organizations in terms of creating opportunities for rural women
to enhance their livelihoods, network with other women's organizations, n196 and
achieve progress towards the broad array of rights enumerated by CEDAW. n197

   A. Canada

 Rural Canadian women have diminished their isolation by establishing or joining
women's groups and organizations that are both regional and national in scope.
n198 Most of these groups consist  [*300]  of women from the Anglophone
provinces, while the French-Canadian women of Quebec have created a series of
counterparts. n199 Much of the actual work for equality falls to expressly
feminist organizations, permanent and ad hoc groups alike. n200 These include a
community-university research alliance, public foundations, and nonprofit
organizations.

   In the current economic downturn, however, the greatest challenges to the
women's movement, similar to other "socially committed groups," are the policy
changes mandated by the governmental impetus for deficit and debt reduction,
which affects the social programs in the provinces. n201 The poor, the rural,
the less skillfully represented (i.e., especially the poor and rural women) thus
bear a disproportionate burden of the consequences of their  [*301]
government's efforts to balance the books. n202 This results in "previously
unthinkable" cooperation of women's groups with other grassroots equity-seeking
organizations to voice their concerns about poverty in the countryside. n203

   1. Rural Women Making Change

 Rural Women Making Change (RWMC) is a Community University Research Alliance
funded in 2005 by the Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council of Canada,
a federal government organization. n204 RWMC connects rural women's
organizations to one another, while also conducting research activities that
provide data to both the government and the wider public. n205 For example,
researchers at universities and labor organizations collaborate on a range of
projects that examine rural women's work and everyday lives, thereby
simultaneously formulating policy regarding gender and rurality in Canada. n206
RWMC also developed a research database  [*302]  of documents prepared by other
rural women's organizations. n207 One RWMC project aims to understand how and
why women access rural women's organizations and the types of services these
rural organizations provide across Canada. n208 To this end, RWMC researchers
catalogued some 250 active Canadian rural women's organizations and considered
the services they offer and how women access them. n209 This government-funded
community-university research initiative thus enhanced the networking ability of
small and start-up grassroots organizations.

   Government support for women's organizations is not unusual in Canada. For
example, the Canadian Women's Foundation (CWF) is a national public foundation
dedicated to improving the lives of women and girls, specifically focusing on
helping women and girls "who face the highest risks and who live in urban and
rural communities with the fewest services, including remote northern
communities." n210 CWF raises money for researching the best practices for
ending violence against women, moving low income women out of poverty, and
empowering girls with confidence, courage, and critical thinking skills. n211
The Foundation then finances programs by grassroots organizations that embody
its specific goals. n212

    [*303]  Another body aiming to enhance the status of rural women in Canada
is the Federated Women's Institutes of Ontario (FWIO), a non-profit organization
working with and for women in rural and small-town Ontario. n213 Through
education projects like the Rose Program, FWIO provides community support and
promotes community action through information seminars and events such as the
Outdoor Farm Show. n214 FWIO's advocacy committee has played a pivotal role in
influencing many changes to provincial laws and practices. n215

   2. Rural Women's Health Networks

 In perhaps no field is cooperation between governments and NGOs more essential
than in relation to health services. Most health organizations understand that
sharing not only information and research but also the burden of providing
services will enhance their efficacy and efficiency. n216 One of the Canadian
organizations that  [*304]  delivers health services in rural areas is the
Canadian Women's Health Network (CWHN), created in 1993 as a voluntary national
organization to improve the health and lives of girls and women in Canada and
around the world. n217 CWHN is a broad network of researchers and activists,
employees of provincial and federal health ministries, and women's
organizations, working toward improving women's health and providing equal
access to health services. n218 CWHN undertook to collect, catalogue, and
distribute research pertaining to women's health issues in Canada. n219

   CWHN advocates that improving women's health requires Canadians to address
social and economic conditions such as education, housing, environment, and
gender because all influence physical, mental, and social well-being. n220 In
2005, CWHN participated in the preparation of Women's Health in Canada, Beijing
and Beyond, the Health Section for Canada's "NGO Report" to the 49th session of
the U.N. Commission on the Status of Women. n221  [*305]  The report outlined
CWHN's recommendations in women's health policy as part of Canada's Platform for
Action (PFA) to further gender equality, in accordance with Article 2 of CEDAW.
n222

   The CWHN recognizes the unique circumstances rural women face: it
collaborates with Canada's regional Centres of Excellence for Women's Health, a
loosely related network of organizations established in 1996. n223 The Centres'
health research agenda addresses the socioeconomic factors - including the
poverty of rural and remote regions - that affect the health of Canadian women.
n224 The Centres support policy-oriented and community-based research and the
analysis of the social and other determinants of women's health. n225 One of
these Centres, the Prairie Women's Health Centre for Excellence (PWHCE), for
example, studied the impact of diminishing support for government programs
serving Saskatchewan farm communities, and it advocated for a mental health
system that is more responsive to local women's needs. n226 The study was part
of an action plan designed by hundreds of prairie women to improve their health
and well-being. n227

   Additionally, the PWHCE, in cooperation with the National Network on
Environments and Women's Health, proposed the establishment of an initiative to
conduct a national pilot study on rural and remote women's health. n228 The
Atlantic and British Columbia Centers of Excellence, the CWHN, and the Women's
Health Bureau of Canada collaborated to produce a directive of best  [*306]
practices and policies for providing optimal health services to rural women.
n229 A report of the collaboration, Rural and Remote Women's Health: Policy and
Research Directions, n230 asserts that gaps in publicly funded policy
development contradict Canada's commitment to CEDAW and impede equitable access
to services and power. n231

   The PWHCE, supported by the Women's Health Contribution Program of Health
Canada, actively organizes the rural women of Manitoba and Saskatchewan, and
assists them to articulate an agenda for change. n232 Other organizations in the
region, including the North End Women's Center, Women and Health Protection
(WHP), n233 the Saskatoon Anti-Poverty Coalition (SAPC), n234 and Equal Justice
for All (EJA), n235 also support the PWHCE. n236 Thus, we see again the wide
collaboration between grassroots groups and national umbrella  [*307]
organizations, as the PWHCE facilitates the networking and collaboration of the
relatively small grassroots organizations.

   B. Australia

 Australia enjoys a robust cooperative sector. n237 While its best known
cooperatives are in the agricultural sector, other services are frequently
provided by cooperatives, especially in rural areas. n238 Surprisingly, the
registration and operation of a cooperative in Australia is more cumbersome than
that of an incorporated business. n239 Australian cooperatives previously
operated under their respective state's laws, which hampered their ability to
grow into national organizations. n240 In 1996, the states, territories, and the
Commonwealth agreed on a national scheme for cooperative legislation. n241 This
harmonization of laws permitted cooperatives to recruit members and operate in
states other than the one of registration. n242 Among the organizations
discussed, Australian Women in Agriculture thus operates on the national stage,
while Rural Women's Networks operate within individual states.

   1. Australian Women in Agriculture

 Because many rural livelihoods are grounded in agriculture, numerous rural
organizations are agriculture-oriented. For example, Australian Women in
Agriculture (AWiA) is Australia's premier  [*308]  organization of rural women.
n243 Since its founding in 1993, AWiA has evolved into a national body whose
members seek to improve the lives of Australian farm women. n244 The membership
is composed of 263 individuals with diverse backgrounds (including farming and
research) and eight corporate sponsors. n245 AWiA's influential advice is sought
by various state, local, and national governments whenever rural issues are
addressed. n246 AWiA also aims to partner with a number of industry bodies, n247
government departments, and other organizations n248 to broaden its members'
opportunities for success. n249  [*309]  Thus, AWiA is a prime example of a
bottom-up, grassroots organization influencing rural policy makers at higher
scales.

   2. Rural Women's Network

 The Rural Women's Network (RWN) in the state of Victoria illustrates the case
for wide-ranging collaboration between governments and grassroots organizations
in achieving CEDAW's goals. n250 The Victoria Department of Planning and
Community Development (DPCD), through its Office of Women's Policy (OWP), n251
established the first informal RWN in 1986 to foster the networking efforts of
rural women. n252 The Victoria RWN publishes a quarterly newsmagazine, the
Network, n253 while also organizing educational seminars and events such as the
Rural Women Leading Change Program n254 and the Rural Women in a Changing
Climate Forum. n255 Within two years of its establishment, the DPCD hired a
full-time researcher to explore the relationship between farm women and the
Victorian Department of Agriculture and Rural Affairs. n256 Furthermore, in
1989, the Department appointed two part-time officers for the Women in
Agriculture project, n257 a scheme that aims to modify programs and service
delivery to attract and serve women clients. n258

    [*310]  Other Australian states have followed suit: the government in New
South Wales founded its RWN in 1992, in response to concerns regarding
opportunities for rural women to network, share ideas, access information, and
participate in decision making. n259 Currently, the RWN in New South Wales is
overseeing various community projects, including Shaping Our Futures Together
(SOFT) n260 and Daring to Dream. n261 New South Wales' RWN was recognized in
Australia's most recent CEDAW report in 2004 for its leadership training
workshops. n262 Additionally, the RWN in New South Wales serves as the link
between rural women and local service and support providers like the Women's
Legal Resource Center and the Women's Information and Referral Service. n263
Moreover, RWN links rural women to various national grant opportunities
addressing health, education, technology, science, community development,
business, etc. n264

   The Australian government's increased interaction with rural women's networks
has brought more women's organizations into engagement with the government. n265
For example, in the same year the Victoria Department of Conservation and
Environment appointed a project worker for women's participation in natural
resource management, the Victoria RWN established a women's environment network
called CONSERVE. n266 Further, in 1997, the RWN formed the Rural Women's Working
Group to advise the Standing Committee of the Agriculture and Resource
Management Ministers  [*311]  of Victoria. n267 That year, the RWN established
the Rural Women's Leadership Bursary Program in partnership with Victoria's
Office of Women's Policy. n268 In 2011 the Bursary Program awarded AUD 350,000
to more than twenty organizations to increase women's leadership opportunities
nationwide. n269

   C. India

 India's rural landscape is "studded with SHGs," connecting individuals with
banks and cooperatives. n270 Self-help groups, which execute various
anti-poverty programs for the government, are increasingly formed and supported
by government agencies, in addition to those created by NGOs. n271 Apparent
synergies exist between SHGs and local politics because village women can gain
experience with governance processes (e.g., regular meetings, decision making,
fund allocation) through membership in SHGs, SHG clusters, or federations. n272
SHGs also make women more visible within their villages, which helps women
succeed when they run for office. n273 Several studies show that membership in
an SHG is a critical component of the political experience of women who run
[*312]  for elected office. n274 SHGs are thus instrumental to building local
capacity among women. Further, about a third of Indian women's SHGs actively
deliver services to their communities. n275 These services include improving
education, health care, veterinary care, the water supply, and village roads.
The SHGs also contribute funds and labor for protecting natural resources. n276

   1. Self-Employed Women's Association

 The Self-Employed Women's Association (SEWA) is an organization of poor women
workers who are not formally employed, a designation that includes an
overwhelming 93% of women in the Indian labor force. n277 Because they do not
receive medical coverage and other benefits, these women are the least protected
segment of the labor force. n278 Their work in the informal sector remains
undercounted, undervalued, and mostly invisible to government agencies. n279
Established in 1972, SEWA aims to achieve secure employment and social security
benefits for women workers. n280 SEWA is more than an organization of women; it
is also a political movement working to draw the state's attention to the
informal sector. n281 SEWA executes its strategy through the joint action of
unions and cooperatives.

   SEWA's integrated approach to poverty reduction focuses less on creating jobs
and more on strengthening workers' capacities to overcome structural constraints
and enter competitive markets. n282  [*313]  The organization's holistic
approach n283 concentrates on the simultaneous development of capital, capacity
building, loss prevention (through access to health insurance, childcare, and
disaster relief), and promotion of collective organizing. n284 Additionally,
SEWA provides various support services, such as communication services; Internet
connectivity; access to food, seed, and fodder depositories; health care;
child-care; insurance; legal aid; and access to application forms for
governmental poverty-alleviation schemes. n285

   In rural areas, SEWA establishes hubs, called SEWA Sanskar Kendras (SSKs),
with one for every ten to fifteen villages. n286 SSKs distribute information on
a broad range of topics including alternate cropping systems; optimization of
agricultural inputs; n287 producer-oriented marketing opportunities; n288
emerging market trends; n289 and functional schemes of government. n290 The SSKs
also establish Community Learning Centers (CLCs) that provide skills-training
related to computers and information technology, education on health and social
issues, and disaster preparedness. n291 Finally, the CLCs provide meeting space
for various livelihood cooperatives (e.g.,  [*314]  groups of artisans, grain
farmers, and salt workers). n292 Providing meeting space for such SHGs is an
extremely important function in rural areas, where such facilities are in short
supply.

   2. The Mann Deshi Mahila Group

 Another similar cooperative is the Mann Deshi Mahila Group, comprised of three
distinct organizations that serve myriad related needs: the Mann Deshi Mahila
Sahakari Bank (MDMSB), the Mann Deshi Foundation, and the Mann Deshi Mahila
Bachat Gat Federation. n293 First, the MDMSB is a "regulated cooperative bank,"
what would be called a credit union in the United States, run by and for women.
n294 The Bank was founded by illiterate rural women who, after considerable
struggle, won a banking license from the Reserve Bank of India, the top banking
regulatory authority. n295 The Bank now has 127,000 clients and assets in excess
of USD 6 million, making it the largest microfinance bank in Maharashtra state.
n296 MDMSB, which boasts a repayment rate of 98%, is a pioneer in India's
burgeoning microfinance sector, offering its clients individual and group loans,
savings, insurance, and pension plans. n297

   Secondly, the Mann Deshi Foundation is an NGO that provides a variety of
non-financial services to Mann Deshi Bank clients. These include financial and
business management training, community radio, and women's health and farming
workshops. n298 Lastly, the Mann Deshi Mahila Bachat Gat Federation is an
umbrella organization of more than 2,400 SHGs that serve rural women
entrepreneurs. n299 Thus, the Mann Deshi Group is a women's cooperative formed
primarily to assist with microfinance and economic development, but its
components are also active in building local capacity and providing rural
telecommunication services (e.g., a community radio). n300

   3. Mahila Samakhya Programme

  [*315]  The Mahila Samakhya Programme n301 seeks to encourage Indian women to
undertake critical reflection about the structural conditions that beget female
oppression, and to provide them with the resources and information they need to
change these conditions. n302 The program trains women, while also conducting
and documenting research, evaluations, and monitoring. n303 The Mahila Samakhya
pilot program ran in ten districts throughout the states of Gujarat, Karnataka,
and Uttar Pradesh; n304 these districts were selected on the basis of regional
representation, efficient coordination between federal and state governments,
and the supportive presence of women's organizations at the local level. n305

   The program emphasizes a bottom-up approach. n306 The State Project Office
(SPO) heads the program with the support of committees comprising the State
Education Minister, federal and local bureaucrats, village-level workers, and
women's organizations. At the district level, District Implementation Units
administer the program with support from local NGOs and training groups. While
this implementation strategy achieves policy uniformity across the states, the
sahayoginis (members of the village collectives) "are the core strength of the
programme, and thus, they enjoy an extremely high degree of autonomy in
determining the agenda and the key thrust areas of the programme at the local
level." n307 With the support of district level staff, the national project
director, and the federal education secretary, several grassroots women's
collectives established informal women's courts to assist local women with
domestic disputes, including divorce. They also register complaints of domestic
violence, sexual harassment, and rape. n308

[*316]

   D. China

 It is somewhat difficult for Western researchers to get accurate information
regarding the rapidly changing grassroots sector in China. While the party-state
opened the economy to outside capital, the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) still
monitors social organizations and obscures the emerging plurality of voices in
order to maintain the facade of social and political unity. n309 Nevertheless,
while the state "appears to exert extensive formal control, its capacity to
realize this control is increasingly limited." n310 Due to the complex and
bureaucratic requirements for registering an organization, n311 many grassroots
groups operate without such registration, in a legal twilight zone, labeling
themselves "clubs," "forums," or "salons." n312 Others succeed in registering or
operating under the umbrella of a sponsoring organization. n313

   1. All-China Women's Federation

 The All-China Women's Federation (ACWF) is the largest NGO aimed at improving
women's status in China. n314 Founded in 1949, the ACWF promotes "the further
liberation of women" n315 by uniting women's organizations associated with
different ethnicities and across a range of geographical areas. n316 The
Federation's stated foundational principle is to protect women's rights and
interests and to promote equality between men and women. n317 The ACWF is
comprised of local women's federations and their members. n318 The local
federations operate at various levels according to the state administrative
divisions; n319 women workers' committees of trade unions in factories, mines,
and enterprises are all members of the ACWF. n320 Since 1949, ACWF has engaged
in international  [*317]  exchanges to represent women's concerns and safeguard
women's rights. n321 Members of ACWF were elected to the UN Committee on the
Elimination of Discrimination Against Women in 1982, and ACWF members also
served for five subsequent sessions. n322 As an umbrella organization, the ACWF
encompasses over 3,500 local NGOs, women's SHGs, and cooperatives. n323 It
thereby effectively obscures the political plurality of women's organizations
within China and gives the appearance of a politically unified society. n324

   Some senior leaders of the ACWF are key members of a highly effective group
of feminist activists initially organized around the magazine Rural Women
Knowing All (RWKA). n325 This group provides sexual health care to rural women,
establishes hotlines for migrant women, and creates awareness of the high rates
of suicide among young rural women. n326 In addition to RWKA magazine, the China
Women's Daily, the official publication of the ACWF, highlights issues facing
rural women. n327

   2. Cultural Development Center for Rural Women

 The Cultural Development Center for Rural Women (CDCRW) is an NGO seeking to
promote the social development of China's rural women. n328 The organization
emerged from its original core activity of publishing the magazine Rural Women
(the successor to Rural Women Knowing All n329) to become a major non-profit
organization with an integrated program that "supports the poor by combining
development projects, news media and information services, and dissemination of
the results of research." n330 The CDCRW aims to create opportunities for
self-empowerment and development for and by rural women, while also seeking to
improve the quality of life for migrant women in China's burgeoning new cities.
n331 The CDCRW strives to raise rural women's skill levels, including those of
young  [*318]  women who dropped out of formal education, and to enhance their
participation in politics. n332 The organization can fairly be described as
"holistic," in that it is also concerned with several aspects of rural women's
health, including suicide prevention, improving access to reproductive health
facilities, and generally enhancing poor rural women's quality of life. n333
Further, the CDCRW supports the struggle for migrant women's civil and labor
rights, and it strives to enhance the social space for migrant women's
development.

   Echoing the language of CEDAW's Article 14(2)(a), n334 the CDCRW provides
opportunities for rural women to fully participate in community development.
n335 Since its inception in 1993, the organization has fostered rural women's
participation in their communities through a series of projects, including
microfinance programs, literacy classes, and various educational endeavors. n336
For example, the CDCRW established the Practical Skills Training Center for
Rural Women in 1998, China's first non-profit school for public welfare. n337 In
addition to raising rural women's overall capacity, the center provides training
in specialized areas like entrepreneurship and Chinese law. n338 Courses offered
by the Center are designed to tap into women's potential and increase their
self-confidence and self-reliance as a key component of local capacity building.
n339 This leads to an increase in the number of women participating in community
development and poverty alleviation,  [*319]  especially by leaders of
grassroots organizations. n340 Further, the CDCRW has hosted various seminars
regarding problems affecting rural women. n341 Interactive discussions at these
seminars generate recommendations for policy changes regarding women's issues,
which the CDCRW presents to the Chinese government and international bodies.
n342 Further, CDCRW trains and assists grassroots women activists for their
involvement in local politics and self-government, creating a support network
for women village leaders. n343

   CONCLUSION

 As this review of women's organizations in Australia, Canada, China, and India
demonstrates, women's grassroots organizations may be instrumental in
influencing and, indeed, effecting governmental policies. This is the case even
if such policies are mandated only by the Member States' "weak" CEDAW
obligations. n344 Governments benefit both from these organizations' delivery of
education, health care, and other services, as well as from the valuable input
generated by these bodies' research groups and think-tanks. n345 While the law
is a blunt tool - and scholars have debated its effectiveness for advancing the
feminist agenda n346 - law can also play an expressive role, often aspirational
or idealistic that nevertheless helps to achieve feminist ends. Not all rural
women's grassroots organizations are explicitly or apparently feminist in their
[*320]  goals, n347 but all nevertheless tend to increase women's political
presence in society, including in capacities related to rural development. n348
This is consistent with the broad goals CEDAW enumerates, as well as with
Article 14's more specific ones. n349

   The mutually beneficial cooperation between Member States and NGOs is
critical to understanding and leveraging CEDAW's potential for fostering
grassroots women's organizations. That symbiotic process may begin with the
government supporting women's organizations either directly or indirectly. n350
The government's role is direct when it funds the groups and their work in whole
or in part, and it is less direct when it merely provides the grassroots
organizations a legal framework and favorable bureaucratic environment. In turn,
women's organizations may assume the Member State's function of providing
services, an arena in which local and more nimble grassroots organizations may
enjoy a comparative advantage. The services provided, in turn, assist rural
women to reach their full potential, thereby fueling increased grassroots
organization and action. Neither Member State nor NGO nor community nor
individual is working in isolation. Rather, all are critical parts of a complex
system aimed at the common goals of women's empowerment and rural development.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Business & Corporate LawCooperativesMembers & Other ConstituentsInternational
LawSovereign States & IndividualsHuman RightsGeneral OverviewInternational Trade
LawTrade AgreementsGeneral Overview

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women,
opened for signature Mar. 1, 1980, 1249 U.N.T.S. 13 (entered into force Sept. 3,
1981) [hereinafter CEDAW].





n2.  See Short History of CEDAW Convention, U.N. Division Advancement Women,
http://www.un.org/womenwatch/daw/cedaw/history.htm (last visited Jan. 3, 2012).





n3.  See, e.g., Sandra Coliver, United Nations Machineries on Women's Rights:
How Might They Better Help Women Whose Rights Are Being Violated?, in New
Directions in Human Rights 25, 38-44 (E.L. Lutz et al. eds., 1989) [hereinafter
Coliver] (comparing the Women's Convention with the Human Rights Commission
(HRC) and criticizing the failure of CEDAW to agree on minimum standards); Anne
F. Bayefsky, The CEDAW Convention: Its Contribution Today, 94 Am. Soc'y Int'l L.
Proc. 197, 200 (2000) (arguing that CEDAW fails to define discrimination, and
that instead of promoting equality, it promotes a radical feminist agenda and
refuses to recognize any legitimate distinction between men and women); Tracy E.
Higgins et al., Gender Equality and Customary Marriage: Bargaining in the Shadow
of Post-Apartheid Legal Pluralism, 30 Fordham Int'l L.J. 1653, 1660 (2007)
(quoting U.N. Comm. on the Elimination of Discrimination Against Women, General
Recommendation 21, Equality in Marriage and Family Relations, P 13, U.N. Doc
A/49/38 at art. 16(1)(a) and (b), comm. 15 (1994) [hereinafter General
Recommendation 21] ("Although most countries report that national constitutions
comply with CEDAW, "custom, tradition and [states'] failure to enforce these
laws in reality contravene the Convention.'") (alteration in original); Nancy
Kim, Toward a Feminist Theory of Human Rights: Straddling the Fence Between
Western Imperialism and Uncritical Absolutism, 25 Colum. Hum. Rts. L. Rev. 49,
79-82 (1993) (pointing out weak enforcement provisions of CEDAW and problems
with too many countries having entered substantive reservations to its
provisions); Susan Smolens, Violence Against Women: Consciousness and Law in
Four Central European Emerging Democracies - Poland, Hungary, Slovakia, and the
Czech Republic, 15/16 Tul. Eur. & Civ. L.F. 1, 8 (2000-2001) (arguing that CEDAW
was a failure from the beginning); Jennifer T. Sudduth, CEDAW's Flaws: A
Critical Analysis of Why CEDAW Is Failing to Protect a Woman's Right to
Education in Pakistan, 38 J.L. & Educ. 563, 563 (2009) (arguing that CEDAW
failed to protect a woman's right to education in Pakistan); Amanda Ulrich, Can
the World's Poorest Women Be Saved?: A Critical Third World Feminist Analysis of
the CEDAW's Rural Women's Economic Rights and Alternative Approaches to Women's
Economic Empowerment, 45 Alberta L. Rev. 477, 492-93 (2007) (arguing that CEDAW
failed to take into account status and societal context of rural woman, making
it unlikely to help rural women reach their full economic potential without
attention to local practices concerning power structures, co-ops, and other
self-help groups).





n4.  See Marilou McPhedran et al., The First CEDAW Impact Study: Final Report
25-26 (2000), available at http://iwrp.org/projects/cedaw/; Jessica Neuwirth,
Inequality Before the Law: Holding States Accountable for Sex Discriminatory
Laws Under the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination
Against Women and Through the Beijing Platform for Action, 18 Harv. Hum. Rts. J.
19, 40 (2005) (stating that lack of public visibility of monitoring process only
makes it more difficult to hold states accountable).





n5.  See, e.g., Johanna E. Bond, Gender, Discourse, and Customary Law in Africa,
83 S. Cal. L. Rev. 509, 525-28 (2010) (discussing several flaws of CEDAW, most
notably that it treats culture as a "uniformly negative influence on women's
lives").





n6.  See, e.g., Casey Truelove, UN Commission on the Status of Women Celebrates
15th Anniversary of the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action, 55 Hum.
Rts. Advocs. 2, 3 (2010), available at
http://www.humanrightsadvocates.org/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/HRA_Vol55.pdf;
Michele Grigolo, The CEDAW Ordinance of San Francisco: Mainstreaming,
Translating and Implementing Women's Human Rights at the City Level, (Nov. 2008)
(unpublished manuscript), available at
www.fondazionefeltrinelli.it/dm_0/FF/FeltrinelliCmsPortale/0389.pdf.





n7.  See generally Sally Engle Merry, Human Rights and Gender Violence:
Translating International Law into Local Justice (2006) (analyzing in part the
role CEDAW has played in promoting human rights and curtailing violence against
women in male dominated cultures); Sally Engle Merry, New Legal Realism and the
Ethnography of Transnational Law, 31 Law & Soc. Inquiry 975, 977 (2006)
(discussing how "human rights ideas" move from the realm of the transnational to
the local, where they may be appropriated by social movements and in some places
"become part of everyday legal consciousness").





n8.  This essay does not consider the possible use of CEDAW in litigation. For
more on that topic, see Bond, supra note 5, at 528-34.





n9.  See Lisa R. Pruitt, Deconstructing CEDAW's Article 14: Naming and
Explaining Rural Difference, 17 Wm. & Mary J. Women & L. 347, 350-51 (2011)
[hereinafter Pruitt, Deconstructing]; Lisa R. Pruitt, Migration, Development,
and the Promise of CEDAW for Rural Women, 30 Mich. J. Int'l L. 707, 729 (2009)
[hereinafter Pruitt, Migration].





n10.  CEDAW, supra note 1, at art. 14(2).





n11.  Id.; see also Pruitt, Deconstructing, supra note 9, at 355-58 (examining
the drafting history of Article 14 to better understand how rural women came to
be identified as a distinct group and how drafters determined which needs were
most significant for them).





n12.  CEDAW, supra note 1, art. 14(2)(e).





n13.  Id. at art. 14(2); see also Pruitt, Migration, supra note 9, at 749-50. In
some ways, however, Article 14 seems to narrow the education and healthcare
rights guaranteed to rural women because the relevant portions of Article 14(2)
use narrower language to define these rights than is used elsewhere in CEDAW.
Pruitt, Deconstructing, supra note 9, at 351, 357, 367, 371-72.





n14.  CEDAW, supra note 1, art. 14(2)(h).





n15.  See Hilary Charlesworth, What Are Women's International Human Rights?, in
Human Rights of Women: National and International Perspectives 58, 60 (Rebecca
J. Cook ed., 1994) (arguing that the structure of human rights law has been
based on the silence of women and that the reason women are in "an inferior
position" is that "they have no real power in either the public or private
worlds" and international human rights law "reinforces their powerlessness");
Hilary Charlesworth & Christine Chinkin, The Gender of Jus Cogens, 15 Hum. Rts.
Q. 63, 69 (1993) (asserting that international law has given primacy to civil
and political rights, which tend to protect men in their functioning in public
life, while less importance has been "accorded to economic and social rights
which affect life in the private sphere"); Leilani Farha, Committee on the
Elimination of Discrimination Against Women: Women Claiming Economic, Social and
Cultural Rights - The CEDAW Potential, in Socio-Economic Rights Jurisprudence:
Emerging Trends in Comparative and International Law 553, 553 (Malcolm Langford
ed., 2008) (asserting the greater significance of socioeconomic rights to women
(citing Hilary Charlesworth, Christine Chinkin & Shelly Wright, Feminist
Approaches to International Law, 85 Am. J. Int'l L. 613, 635 (1991))); Int'l
Fed'n for Human Rights, Montreal Principles on Women's Economic, Social, and
Cultural Rights 1-2 (2002), available at
http://www.unhcr.org/refworld/docid/46f1462e0.html (repeatedly asserting the
significance of CEDAW to "economic, social and cultural rights"); cf. Margaret
Snyder, Unlikely Godmother: The UN and the Global Women's Movement, in Global
Feminism: Transnational Women's Activism, Organizing, and Human Rights 24, 27
(Myra Marx Ferree & Aili Mari Tripp eds., 2006) [hereinafter Unlikely Godmother]
("[The focus of the] women and development movement [was] that women be seen not
solely as objects of maternal and child care but also, based on mounting
research, as active agents of economic productivity on farms and in markets, and
of social and political change - in other words, of development."); id. at 29
(stating that economic development is an entry point for broad development
concerns, such as services addressing other human needs).





n16.  See, e.g., Lisa R. Pruitt, Human Rights and Development for India's Rural
Remnant: A Capabilities-Based Assessment, 44 U.C. Davis L. Rev. 803 (2011)
[hereinafter Pruitt, India's Rural Remnant] (documenting spatial inequality
along the rural-urban continuum in India with respect to health and education
services); Lisa R. Pruitt, Spatial Inequality as Constitutional Infirmity: Equal
Protection, Child Poverty and Place, 71 Mont. L. Rev. 1 (2010) (documenting
spatial inequality in Montana in the delivery of health and human services and
discussing the inability of to achieve economies of scale for the delivery of
such services in sparsely populated areas).





n17.  Country Reports, U.N. Div. Advancement Women, http://www.
un.org/womenwatch/daw/cedaw/reports.htm (last visited Jan. 3, 2012).





n18.  See, e.g., Comm. on the Elimination of Discrimination Against Women, Third
Periodic Report of States Parties: Lebanon, U.N. Doc. CEDAW/C/LBN/3 (Jul. 7,
2006) (showing self-help groups in Lebanon help achieve rural women's
empowerment); Comm. on the Elimination of Discrimination Against Women, Sixth
Periodic Report of States Parties: Nigeria, U.N. Doc. CEDAW/C/NGA/6 (Oct. 5,
2006) (showing self-help groups in Nigeria help achieve rural women's
empowerment).





n19.  See, e.g., infra Part III.





n20.  See generally infra Part III. To be clear, the proliferation of women's
organizations cannot be linked directly to CEDAW. However, Member States
sometimes list such organizations in their country reports in relation to their
Article 14 commitments, which means that the Member State is claiming such a
link.





n21.  See infra Part IV. In selecting these organizations, we considered their
presence and influence as women's collectives, cooperatives, or SHGs that pay
significant attention to the unique problems rural women face. By featuring
these organizations here, we certainly do not mean to imply that these
organizations are in any way better representatives of women's collectives and
groups than many others that admirably facilitate collaboration among, and
represent the interests of, rural women.





n22.  See infra Part IV.





n23.  Cf. Tony Saich, Negotiating the State: The Development of Social
Organizations in China, 161 China Q. 124, 125 (2000) ("These relationships are
symbiotic because social organizations have devised strategies to negotiate with
the state a relationship that maximizes their members' interests or that
circumvents or deflects state intrusion.").





n24.  See generally Elizabeth S. Anderson & Richard H Pildes, Expressive
Theories of Law: A General Restatement, 148 U. Pa. L. Rev. 1503 (1999); Diane
Marie Amann, Group Mentality, Expressivism and Genocide, 2 Int'l Crim. L. Rev.
93, 117-20 (2002) (explaining the expressivist thread of legal scholarship and
law's role in influencing society's values); Practicing Human Rights: Tracking
Law Between the Global and the Local (Mark Goodale & Sally Engle Merry eds.,
2007) (exploring the range of ways in which human rights laws made by
transnational actors are translated into local norms, even when the
international laws are unenforceable).





n25.  UN Women, Commission on the Status of Women, 56th Session, 27 February to
9 March 2012, http://www.un.org/womenwatch/daw/csw/56sess.htm (last visited Jan.
3, 2012) (noting that rural women's roles in "poverty and hunger eradication,
development and current challenges" will be the meeting's "priority theme").





n26.  Id. Collaborating institutions were UN Women, Food and Agriculture
Organization, International Fund for Agricultural Development, and World Food
Programme.





n27.  Catherine Hill, Enabling Rural Women's Economic Empowerment: Institutions,
Opportunities, and Participation 38 (2011), available at
http://www.un.org/womenwatch/daw/csw/csw56/egm/Hill-BP-1-EGM-RW-Sep-2011_CH.pdf.





n28.  H.E. Sheikha Haya Rashed al Khalifa, President of the United Nations
General Assembly, Statement at the Informal Thematic Debate of the General
Assembly on "The Promotion of Gender Equality and the Empowerment of Women"
(Mar. 6, 2007), available at
http://www.un.org/ga/president/61/statements/statement20070306.shtml; The Four
Global Womens' Conferences 1975-1995: Historical Perspective, U.N. Dep't Pub.
Info., (May 2000),
http://www.un.org/womenwatch/daw/followup/session/presskit/hist.htm.





n29.  See Short History of CEDAW Convention, supra note 2.





n30.  Elizabeth Evatt, Eliminating Discrimination Against Women: The Impact of
the UN Convention, 18 Melb. U. L. Rev. 435, 435 (1991); Farha, supra note 15, at
554 (quoting Stephen Lewis, Race Against Time: Searching for Hope in
AIDS-Ravaged Africa 112-13 (2005) (lauding CEDAW's great potential influence and
its aggressive assertion of equality throughout)); Rebecca L. Hillock,
Establishing the Rights of Women Globally: Has the United Nations Convention on
the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women Made a Difference?,
12 Tulsa J. Comp. & Int'l L. 481, 500 (2005) (citing Harold Hongju Koh, Why
America Should Ratify the Women's Rights Treaty (CEDAW), 34 Case W. Res. J.
Int'l L. 263, 266 (2002)); Pruitt, Migration, supra note 9, at 729; Committee on
the Elimination of Discrimination Against Women, Off. United Nations High
Commissioner Human Rts.,
http://www2.ohchr.org/english/bodies/cedaw/convention.htm (last visited Jan. 3,
2012); Christina Hoff Sommers, The UN Women's Treaty: The Case Against
Ratification, Global Governance Watch (Mar. 26, 2010),
http://www.globalgovernancewatch.org/un_treaty_watch/the-un-womens-treaty-the-ca
se-against-ratification; US: Ratify Women's Rights Treaty, Hum. Rts. Watch (July
15, 2010),
http://www.hrw.org/en/news/2010/07/15/us-ratify-women-s-rights-treaty.





n31.  Pruitt, Migration, supra note 9, at 728-29. The United States is the only
country to sign but not ratify the treaty. Id. at 729; Julia Ernst, U.S.
Ratification of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination
Against Women, 3 Mich. J. Gender & L. 299, 333 (1995) (noting that Article 14(2)
might require additional federal spending on, for example, healthcare programs).





n32.  Simone Cusack & Rebecca J. Cook, Combating Discrimination Based on Sex and
Gender, in International Protection of Human Rights: A Textbook 205 (Catarina
Krause & Martin Scheinin eds., 2009) (citing CEDAW, supra note 1, pmbl. P 6);
Pruitt, Migration, supra note 9, at 728.





n33.  Comm. on the Elimination of Discrimination Against Women, General
Recommendation No. 25, 30th Sess., 2004, on Article 4, Paragraph 1, of the
Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women, on
Temporary Special Measures P 7, available at
http://www.un.org/womenwatch/daw/cedaw/recommendations/General%20recommendation%
2025%20%28English%29.pdf.





n34.  Pruitt, Migration, supra note 9, at 729; Pruitt, Deconstructing, supra
note 9, at 351; see also Marsha A. Freeman, Women, Development and Justice:
Using the International Convention on Women's Rights, in Ours by Right: Women's
Rights as Human Rights 93, 98 (Joanna Kerr ed., 1993) ("[Article 14] is unique
as a statement of human rights because it emphasizes the rights of a particular
sub-group to which special attention should be paid."). Other treaties have
since followed suit: the Mexico Conference had adopted a resolution on women in
agriculture. Noreen Burrows, The 1979 Convention on the Elimination of All Forms
of Discrimination Against Women, 32 Neth. Int'l L. Rev. 419, 446 (1985). The UN
General Assembly adopted two resolutions at its 30th session, one on Women in
Rural Areas, GA Res. 3523 (XXX), U.N. Doc. A/RES/3523(XXX) (Dec. 15, 1975), and
one on improving women's economic status, GA Res. 3522 (XXX), U.N. Doc.
A/RES/3522(XXX) (Dec. 15, 1975). The 1974 World Food Conference highlighted the
need for women's involvement in rural development in a resolution. Burrows,
supra. The United Nations continues to pay attention to rural women. See, e.g.,
U.N. Div. for the Advancement of Women, Rural Women in a Changing World:
Opportunities and Challenges 2 (2008), available at
http://www.un.org/womenwatch/daw/public/Women%202000%20-%20Rural%20Women%20web%2
0English.pdf; Rural Women and Development, WomenWatch,
http://www.un.org/womenwatch/feature/idrw/ (last visited Jan. 3, 2012).





n35.  CEDAW, supra note 1, art. 14; Pruitt, Migration, supra note 9, at 729.
Article 10 also mentions rural women and deals specifically with ensuring that
women have equal rights in the field of education. It provides in relevant part:



   States Parties shall take all appropriate measures to eliminate
discrimination against women in order to ensure to them equal rights with men in
the field of education and in particular to ensure, on a basis of equality of
men and women:



... The same conditions for career and vocational guidance, for access to
studies and for the achievement of diplomas in educational establishments of all
categories in rural as well as in urban areas; this equality shall be ensured in
pre-school, general, technical, professional and higher technical education, as
well as in all types of vocational training.

 CEDAW, supra note 1, art. 10(a). There is no clear indication of the reason
behind the specific inclusion of rural women in this section, though earlier
mention of the applicability of Articles 10 and 14 to rural women in particular
had been made in Draft 4 in 1974. Lars Adam Rehof, Guide to the Travaux
Preparatoires of the UN Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of
Discrimination Against Women 153 (1993). It was in this draft that Article 10's
education rights were applied to women in "rural as well as urban areas." Id.;
see also Pruitt, Deconstructing, supra note 9, at 355-58 (discussing the
drafting history of Article 14 and the article's relation to Article 10's
mention of rural women).





n36.  CEDAW, supra note 1, art. 14(1).





n37.  Nevertheless, some parts of Art. 14 appear to limit or scale back what is
required of Member States vis-a-vis rural women. See Pruitt, Deconstructing,
supra note 9, at 351 (stating that Article 14 sometimes appears to diminish for
rural women the robustness and detail of a right recognized elsewhere in CEDAW);
id. at 364 (stating that mentioning women's participation in rural development
in Article 14(2)(a) perpetuates the association of the rural with the feminine);
id. at 367 (lamenting that Article 12 guarantees equal health facilities to all
women, whereas Article 14(2)(b) guarantees merely adequate such facilities to
rural women); id. at 372-73 (stating that Article 14(2)(d) guarantees lower
levels of educational guarantees for rural women than Article 10 does for all
women, as an admission that rural educational facilities equal to those of urban
areas are not feasible because of spatial inequality); id. at 373 (stating that
mentioning vocational training, extension services, technical proficiency, and
functional literacy training in Article 14(2)(d) perpetuates the association of
agriculture and a lower degree of sophistication with the rural).





n38.  CEDAW, supra note 1, art. 14(2). For a discussion on the significance of
this eight-item list, see Pruitt, Migration, supra note 9, at 729-31.





n39.  See generally Daman Prakash, Rural Women, Food Security and Agricultural
Cooperatives, U. Wis. Center Cooperatives (Feb. 2003),
http://www.uwcc.wisc.edu/info/intl/rur_women.pdf (stating that due to social
stasis, female participation in agricultural cooperative membership is "rather
low," but women nevertheless increasingly participate in agricultural
cooperatives through their respective "heads of the household").





n40.  More than 72% of Bangladesh's population was rural in 2009. See Rural
Poverty in Bangladesh: Statistics, Rural Poverty Portal,
http://www.ruralpovertyportal.org/web/guest/country/statistics/tags/bangladesh
(last visited Jan. 3, 2012).





n41.  Rehof, supra note 35, at 160.





n42.  The Programme was later reorganized as the Bangladesh Rural Development
Board. See History, Bangladesh Rural Dev. Board.,
http://www.brdb.gov.bd/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=321&Itemid=379
(last visited Jan. 3, 2012).





n43.  Vision, Overview, Mission, Strategy, Bangladesh Rural Dev. Bd.,
http://www.brdb.gov.bd/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=320&Itemid=378
(last visited Jan. 3, 2012). The Comilla Model was developed in the early
sixties by Dr. Akhtar Hameed Khan, a renowned social scientist and social
reformer, through an action research work at the Bangladesh Academy for Rural
Development (BARD) in Kotbari, Comilla. The model advocated the use of
cooperatives in addition to infrastructure investments by the state. The model's
"Two-Tier Cooperative System" became the main vehicle of rural development in
Bangladesh. Id. Bangladesh also proposed what became part of Article 14(2)(f),
"the right to participate in all community activities." Rehof, supra note 35, at
160; cf. Int'l Fund for Agric. Dev., Rural Property Report 2011, at 22-24,
225-26, 228 (2010), available at
http://www.ifad.org/rpr2011/report/e/print_rpr2011.pdf [hereinafter IFAD Rural
Poverty Rep.] (stating that strengthening the collective capabilities of rural
people may give them the confidence, security, and power to overcome poverty).
Collective membership-based organizations play a key role in the rural economy,
while also negotiating the interests of people in their interactions with
private or governmental organizations. Id.





n44.  Rehof, supra note 35, at 160; Comm. on the Elimination of Discrimination
Against Women, Combined Sixth and Seventh Periodic Reports of States Parties:
Sweden, P 328, U.N. Doc. CEDAW/C/SWE/6-7 (Sept. 14, 2006) [hereinafter Sweden
Sixth and Seventh] (noting that the Swedish rural development program contains
measures to promote gender equality, including improving women's chances of
finding employment; the gender equality perspective has been written into rural
development programs as a criterion that counties must consider when drafting
regional implementation plans); Comm. on the Elimination of Discrimination
Against Women, Combined Third, Fourth and Fifth Periodic Reports of States
Parties: Ghana, P 190, U.N. Doc. CEDAW/C/GHA/3-5 (Apr. 18, 2005) [hereinafter
Ghana Fourth and Fifth] (noting the problems of rural women and the importance
of women's roles in productions and development); Ghana's Introductory
Statement, U.N. CEDAW, 36th Sess., (Aug. 7-25, 2006), available at
http://www.un.org/womenwatch/daw/cedaw/cedaw36/statements/CEDAW%20STATEMENT%20Gh
ana.pdf (describing Ghana's determination and commitment to adopt measures for
achieving women's empowerment, gender equality, and equality in Ghana and the
rest of the international community); Tureen Afroz, CEDAW and the Women's Rights
in Bangladesh - a Promised Silver Lining, World News Bank,
http://www.worldnewsbank.com/tureen-seminar.html (last visited Jan. 3, 2012)
(noting that Sweden entered objections to reservations to CEDAW by Bangladesh,
because they go against the object and purpose of the Convention).





n45.  See, e.g., IFAD Rural Property Rep., supra note 43, at 22-24, 225-26, 228;
Axel Wolz, The Role of Agriculture and Rural Development in Achieving the
Millennium Development Goals, iv-v, 45 (2005), available at
http://www.donorplatform.org/load/9518.





n46.  Wolz, supra note 45, at 45.





n47.  See generally Robert Ellickson, Order Without Law: How Neighbors Settle
Disputes (1991) (describing how ranchers in Shasta County, California, mediated
their disputes informally, without reference to law); David M. Engel, The Oven
Bird's Song: Insiders, Outsiders, and Personal Injuries in an American
Community, 18 Law & Soc'y Rev. 551, 556-58, 569, 572-73 (1984) (reporting that
interpersonal familiarity among rural residents influenced their attitudes about
litigation); Lisa R. Pruitt, Rural Rhetoric, 39 Conn. L. Rev. 159, 202-07 (2006)
[hereinafter Pruitt, Rural Rhetoric].





n48.  Pruitt, Migration, supra note 9, at 750; see also World Bank, Food &
Agric. Org. & Int'l Fund for Agric. Dev., Gender in Agriculture Sourcebook 127
(2009) [hereinafter Sourcebook] (noting that formal laws and institutions have
limited effectiveness beyond major urban areas and that the state and its
institutions exert only weak presence in rural places); Bond, supra note 5, at
514, 518 n.45, 559-61 ("Many contemporary African governments ... negotiate the
boundaries between state-and community-based law."). Colonial authorities
created stratifications between state-sponsored law and laws of indigenous
communities. Id. Often, traditional leadership preserved by customary law -
unwritten, indigenous law that is passed on through generations - undermines new
constitutions, leaving women without nondiscriminatory protection. Id. Customary
law, which is considered the legal expression of cultural norms and values,
governs the lives of most African people living in rural areas. Id.





n49.  See Sourcebook, supra note 48, at 127.





n50.  Id.; Pruitt, Migration, supra note 9, at 750; Bond, supra note 5, at
547-48.





n51.  Pruitt, Deconstructing, supra note 9, at 378; Pruitt, Migration, supra
note 9, at 751; Lisa R. Pruitt, Gender, Geography & Rural Justice, 23 Berkeley
J. Gender, L. & Just. 338, 354, 366, 372 (2008) [hereinafter Pruitt, Gender,
Geography] (describing rural patriarchy and gender roles).





n52.  See Bond, supra note 5, at 511-13 (noting that the international human
rights community views women as victims of their culture and that customary law
preserves power disparities between tribal leaders and African women,
constraining democratic deliberation and discourse necessary for affording
greater rights to women); cf. Pruitt, Migration, supra note 9, at 747 n.337
(noting that, generally, women's statuses in marriages and within families are
unequal to men, and are based on traditional, customary, and religious attitudes
that confine women to particular roles and that these attitudes are deeply
embedded and resistant to change). See generally Pruitt, Gender, Geography,
supra note 51, at 344, 353-55 (noting that persistence of traditions in rural
areas in developing countries is generally attributed to the homogeneity of the
population, high density of acquaintanceship, and a lack of external forces to
challenge norms).





n53.  Pruitt, Migration, supra note 9, at 751.





n54.  See Sourcebook, supra note 48, at 130 (stating that women may be reluctant
to participate in institutions seen as men's domains); Pruitt, Migration, supra
note 9, at 751.





n55.  Cf. IFAD Rural Poverty Rep., supra note 43, at 23-24 (stating that
membership-based organizations play key roles in negotiating people's interests
with governmental sector and private actors); Pruitt, Migration, supra note 9,
at 752.





n56.  Cf. Canadian Feminist Alliance for Int'l Action, Women's Inequality in
Canada 57 (2008), available at
http://www.iwraw-ap.org/resources/pdf/42_shadow_reports/Canada_SR_FAFIA.pdf
(stating that in 2006, Canadian Government reduced by CAD 15.3M the budget
allocated for Status of Women Canada Program (SWC), which formerly provided
modest funds to women's organizations, forcing many local SWC offices to close).
This decision eliminated over half the SWC regional staff in Ottawa. Federal
Government Moves to Further Restrict Women's Groups, Feminist Alliance Int'l
Action (Dec. 1, 2006),
http://www.fafia-afai.org/en/news/2006/federal-government-moves-further-restrict
-womens-groups. Later, the conservative Harper Government further reduced or
eliminated funding of at least 35 such organizations (as of April 25, 2011).
List of Women's Organizations Whose Funding Has Been Cut or Ended by the Harper
Government, Ad Hoc Coal. for Women's Equal. & Human Rights (2011), available at
http://www.womensequality.ca/Images%20PDFs%202011/2011_April_25_defunded_organiz
ations.pdf.





n57.  Bond, supra note 5, at 540; Pruitt, Gender, Geography, supra note 51, at
354; Pruitt, Migration, supra note 9, at 751.





n58.  Pruitt, Migration, supra note 9, at 746 n.316 (citing Pruitt, Gender,
Geography, supra note 48, at 353 n.74).





n59.  Pruitt, Gender, Geography, supra note 51, at 353.





n60.  Id.





n61.  IFAD Rural Poverty Rep., supra note 43, at 192 (noting an urban bias among
policymakers contributes to benign neglect of rural enterprise development); see
Pruitt, Migration, supra note 9, at 752 (citing Fern K. Willits et al.,
Persistence of Rural-Urban Differences, in Rural Society in the U.S.: Issues for
the 1980s 69, 73-74 (Don A. Dillman & Daryl J. Hobbs eds., 1982)); Wolz, supra
note 45, at 48 (highlighting that rural poor suffer from urban favoritism in
development strategies); see also Bond, supra note 5, at 541 n.194 (noting stark
divide between urban, elite women and poorer, rural women). The Protocol to the
African Charter on Human and People's Rights on the Rights of Women in Africa -
a convention designed to remedy shortcomings of CEDAW - reflects concerns of
cosmopolitan African feminists, ignoring their rural counterparts. Urban women
largely participated in drafting the Protocol; yet knowledge of the Protocol is
still limited in rural areas. Bond, supra note 5, at 541 n.194.





n62.  Bond, supra note 5, at 517-20 (stating that, generally, rights of rural
women are subject to, and restricted by, local tradition and custom). Customary
law - unwritten indigenous law that is passed on through generations -
undermines new constitutions, leaving women without nondiscriminatory
protection. Id. Considered the legal expression of cultural norms and values,
customary law governs the lives of African people in most rural areas. Id. at
517-18 & n.45. "Powerful elites often determine the dominant cultural
interpretation and provide what is seen as a definitive interpretation of
customary law." Id. at 518; see also Pruitt, Gender, Geography, supra note 51,
at 354 (quoting Fern K. Willits et al., supra note 61, at 73) (presenting
studies that suggest rural residents are slow to alter traditions and cultural
heritage because the predominance of personal, face-to-face social relationships
results in strong consensus on values and morals); Pruitt, Migration, supra note
9, at 751.





n63.  See infra Parts III.A., III.C. (discussing barriers to organization and
their solutions); cf. IFAD Rural Poverty Rep., supra note 43, at 23-24 (stating
that despite problems of governance, management, or representation, rural
membership based organizations better represent the interests of poor rural
people than outside parties can).





n64.  See infra Parts III.B-C discussing some of these problems.





n65.  Wolz, supra note 45, at 45; see also IFAD Rural Poverty Rep., supra note
43, at 23-24 (stating that rural membership-based organizations play key roles
in reducing rural economies' risk, advance the learning of new techniques and
skills, manage collective and individual assets, and market produce; noting that
these organizations effectively represent the interests of poor people to
governmental or private organizations, even though they are ridden by
difficulties of management or participation).





n66.  IFAD Rural Poverty Rep., supra note 43, at 23-24.





n67.  See Wolz, supra note 45, at 43.





n68.  IFAD Rural Poverty Rep., supra note 43, at 24 (stating that despite their
own problems of governance and management, rural grassroots organizations can
better represent the interest of poor rural people than outside parties); Wolz,
supra note 45, at 43 ("When the responsibility and capacity for delivering
services is shifted to the local level, communities can shape public support to
match local circumstances, and service providers can become more accountable to
users.").





n69.  Text of the Convention, UN Div. for the Advancement of Women,
http://www.un.org/womenwatch/daw/cedaw/cedaw.htm (last visited Jan. 3, 2012).





n70.  CEDAW, supra note 1, art. 18(1).





n71.  See id.





n72.  Id. at art. 18(2).





n73.  Cf. Merry, supra note 7, at 15. (discussing the differing ways in which
Member States may interpret the challenges facing women and express these
challenges in their CEDAW country reports; for example, as structural on the one
hand or about choice and interest on the other).





n74.  The CEDAW national reports examined below include those by Canada,
Australia, India, and China. See infra notes 85, 92, 97, 108.





n75.  See infra Parts III-IV; see also supra text accompanying notes 2-10,
17-18.





n76.  Pruitt, Gender, Geography, supra note 51, at 338, 347, 369-71; Pruitt,
Migration, supra note 9, at 752; Pruitt, Rural Rhetoric, supra note 47, at
202-07.





n77.  See supra Part I; see also Pruitt, Gender, Geography, supra note 51, at
373; Pruitt, Migration, supra note 9, at 751.





n78.  We do not mean to imply that Canada and Australia are evenly developed or
that they lack regional differences in the living standards, including
differences associated with the rural-urban continuum. Nevertheless, India and
China feature gross disparities between sprawling, modern cities and numerous
villages without, for example, sanitation infrastructure. For an illustration of
how dramatically uneven India's development is, see Lisa R. Pruitt, Human Rights
and Development for India's Rural Remnant: A Capabilities-Based Critique, 44
U.C. Davis L. Rev. 803 (2011) [hereinafter Pruitt, India's Rural Remnant].





n79.  See generally U.N. Dep't of Econ. & Soc. Affairs, 2008 U.N. Demographic
Y.B. 104 ST/ESA/STAT/SER.R/39 (explaining that because of national differences
in the characteristics which distinguish urban from rural areas, the UN adopts
each country's respective definition of the terms "urban" and "rural");
Australia's population is roughly 22 million. World Bank, 2011 World Dev.
Indicators 10 (2011). Three quarters of the population resides in urban locales,
while the remainder occupies rural locales. Urban and Non-urban Population,
Australian Bureau Stats.,
http://www.abs.gov.au/ausstats/abs@.nsf/Previousproducts/1301.0Feature%20Article
72006?opendocument&tabname=Summary&prodno=1301.0&issue=2006&num=&view= (last
updated Jan. 24, 2007). "Urban" Australia comprises capital city Statistical
Divisions, and Statistical Districts with a population greater than 100,000
people. "Non-urban" Australia refers to the remainder. Id. Canada's population
is roughly 34 million. World Bank, supra at 10. Eighty percent of the population
resides in urban locales, while twenty percent occupies rural locales.
Population, Urban and Rural, by Province and Territory, Stats. Can.,
http://www40.statcan.gc.ca/l01/cst01/demo62a-eng.htm (last updated Sept. 22,
2009). The rural population "refers to persons living outside centers with a
population of 1,000, and outside areas with 400 persons per square kilometer."
Id. China's population is roughly 1.3 billion. World Bank, supra at 10.
Fifty-six percent of the population lives in rural areas. Id. at 126. India's
population is roughly 1.2 billion. Id. at 11. Thirty percent of the population
resides in urban locales, id. at 127, while seventy percent occupies rural
locales. Id. at 10. India uses two principal definitions of "urban." One is
"statutory towns," which are considered urban because of their form of local
government. They include all places with a municipality, corporation, municipal
board, cantonment board, or notified area council, etc. Tiago Wandschneider &
Pravas Mishra, The Role of Small Rural Towns in Bolangir District, India: A
Village-Level Perspective 2 n.2 (Natural Res. Inst. Report No. 2750, June 2003).
Such statutory towns were home to 87.4% of the nation's urban population in
1991. Tim Dyson & Pravin Visaria, Migration and Urbanization Retrospect and
Prospects, in Twenty-First Century India: Population, Economy, Human Development
and the Environment 108, 115 (Tim Dyson et al. eds., 2004) [hereinafter
Twenty-First Century India]. The other definition is "census towns," which are
"all other places which have a minimum population of 5,000, at least 5% of the
male working population engaged in non-agricultural and allied activities, and a
population density of at least 400 persons per square kilometer (or 1,000
persons per square mile)." Wandschneider & Mishra, supra, at 2 n.2. Because of
the tax consequences of falling into either category, many residents of areas
that match these criteria "prefer to retain their rural status." Dyson &
Visaria, supra, at 115.





n80.  Note that compared to China and India, Canada and Australia are relatively
sparsely populated, especially when one looks just at population density. In
2005, Australia's population totaled roughly 20 million, of which 92% resided in
urban and population per hectare of cropland was roughly 0.4%. Total land area
was 7.8 million square kilometers and over 6% of land comprised cropland. U.N.
Dep't of Econ. & Soc. Affairs, National Trends in Population, Resources,
Environment and Development 2005: Country Profiles, 48-49, U.N. Doc.
ESA/P/WP.196 (2006), available at
http://www.un.org/esa/population/publications/countryprofile/australia.pdf. In
2005, Canada's population totaled roughly 32 million, of which 81% resided in
urban areas and population per hectare of cropland was roughly 0.7%. Total land
area was 9.9 million square kilometers and over 5% of land comprised cropland.
Id. at 92-93, available at
http://www.un.org/esa/population/publications/countryprofile/canada.pdf. In
2005, China's population totaled roughly 1.3 billion, of which 40% resided in
urban areas and population per hectare of cropland was roughly 6%. Total land
area was 9.3 million square kilometers and over 16% of land comprised cropland.
Id. at 104-05, available at
http://www.un.org/esa/population/publications/countryprofile/china.pdf. In 2005,
India's population totaled roughly 1.1 billion, of which 28% resided in urban
areas and population per hectare of cropland was roughly 8%. Total land area was
2.9 million square kilometers and over 57% of land comprised cropland. Id. at
198-99, available at
http://www.un.org/esa/population/publications/countryprofile/india.pdf.





n81.  See infra Part III.B-C.





n82.  See Snyder, supra note 16, at 48 ("[Feminists in the global North] can
draw sustenance from history and from the actions of poor contemporary women.");
Aili Mari Tripp, The Evolution of Transnational Feminisms: Consensus, Conflict,
and New Dynamics, in Global Feminism 51, 61-62 (discussing how, in the 1970s and
1980s, women's U.N. conferences were exhibiting signs of tension between the
Global North and South, but mutual understanding slowly grew between the two
hemispheres, and that understanding continues to cross-pollinate the discourse
on women's rights and development).





n83.  See infra text accompanying notes 86-124.





n84.  See infra text accompanying notes 86-124.





n85.  Comm. on the Elimination of Discrimination Against Women, Combined Sixth
and Seventh Periodic Reports of States Parties: Canada, P 132, U.N. Doc.
CEDAW/C/CAN/7 (Aug. 17, 2007) [hereinafter Canada Sixth and Seventh].





n86.  Id. P 133; Cathryn Atkinson, Community Futures Give Small Towns Second
Chance, Globe & Mail (May. 11, 2010),
http://www.theglobeandmail.com/report-on-business/your-business/start/location/c
ommunity-futures-give-small-towns-second-chance/article1564574/.





n87.  Canada Sixth and Seventh, supra note 85, P 134.





n88.  Id. P 133; see also Paro Centre for Women's Enterprise,
http://www.paro.ca/ (last visited Jan. 3, 2012).





n89.  Canada Sixth and Seventh, supra note 85, P 134.





n90.  See id.; see also WD Success Stories 2009-2010: Alberta Women
Entrepreneurs - Alberta, W. Econ. Diversification Can.,
http://www.wd.gc.ca/eng/12241.asp#b1 (last visited Oct. 28, 2011) (stating that
Western Economic Diversification Canada has provided CAD 544,000 over three
years to implement the Access to Supply Chains program that assists women
entrepreneurs in Western Canada to gain better access to domestic and
international supply chains).





n91.  Canada Sixth and Seventh, supra note 85, P 134. These programs are not
unique to Ontario. For example, the Yukon Human Rights Commission involves
women's organizations within the Yukon. See id. P 715. Limits on funding for
such programs, however, restrict what they are able to do: "Due to limited
resources, the Commission has not been able to develop specific programs for
Aboriginal women. It relies on direct requests from community groups and assists
as it is best able." Id. P 716.





n92.  Comm. on the Elimination of Discrimination Against Women, Combined Fourth
and Fifth Periodic Reports of States Parties: Australia, P 129, U.N. Doc.
CEDAW/C/AUL/4-5 (Feb. 3, 2004) [hereinafter Australia Fourth and Fifth]. There
is no consensus in the literature on the use of the term non-governmental
organizations (NGOs) for women's collectives, cooperatives, and SHGs. See
Snyder, supra note 16, at 34 (stating that women's NGOs were assisted directly
by the international development organizations, including women's voluntary
groups, civil society organizations, and community-based organizations). We use
these terms interchangeably, unless indicated otherwise.





n93.  Australia Fourth and Fifth, supra note 92, P 129.





n94.  Id. P 130. "The funding provides the opportunity to expand, strengthen and
enhance the status and position of women in Australia through" national
secretariats, targeted projects, capacity building projects, as well as training
and mentoring. Id.





n95.  Overview, Australian Gov't Department Fams., Housing, Community. Services
& Indigenous Aff, http://www.fahcsia.gov.au/sa/women/overview/Pages/default.aspx
(last modified Dec. 31, 2010).





n96.  2008-09 Women's Leadership and Development Program Grants, Australian
Gov't Department Fams., Housing, Community. Services & Indigenous Aff,
http://www.fahcsia.gov.au/sa/women/funding/Pages/womens_leadership_development_g
rant_0809.aspx (last modified June 2, 2011).





n97.  See Comm. on the Elimination of Discrimination Against Women, Combined
Second and Third Periodic Reports of States Parties: India, PP 28, 78, 82, 103,
292, 311, U.N. Doc. CEDAW/C/IND/2-3 (Oct. 19, 2005) [hereinafter India Second
and Third]. The rural poverty alleviation program, Swarnajayanti Gram Swarozgar
Yojana (SGSY), emphasizes the importance of SHGs to allow the rural poor access
to the financial system, infrastructure support, technology and marketing
contacts, etc. Id. P 294. Under this program, about 50% of the SHGs are formed
exclusively by women. Id.





n98.  Id. PP 65, 200.





n99.  Id. P 294; see also supra note 97 and accompanying text (noting various
methods used to enhance the lives of rural women).





n100.  Id. P 292. Thus, nearly 2 million rural poor families have accessed
India's financial system through SHGs. Id.





n101.  Id. PP 65, 200; see also Chetna Gala, Empowering Women in Villages:
All-Women Village Councils in Maharashtra, India, 29 Bull. Concerned Asian
Scholars 31, 38 (1997).





n102.  India Second and Third, supra note 97, P 82.





n103.  Id. P 281.





n104.  Id. P 294.





n105.  Id.





n106.  Id. P 281.





n107.  See supra note 97 and accompanying text.





n108.  See Comm. on the Elimination of Discrimination Against Women, Combined
Fifth and Sixth Periodic Reports of States Parties: China, 49-50, 55-56, U.N.
Doc. CEDAW/C/CHN/5-6 (June 10, 2004) [hereinafter China Fifth and Sixth].





n109.  Id.





n110.  For example, the All-China Women's Hand-knitting Association aims to
promote women's self-employment and small business development through teaching
women small business models for selling handcrafts. All-China Women's
Hand-knitting Association, All-China Women's Fed'n (May 20, 2011),
http://www.womenofchina.cn/html/report/130099-1.htm.





n111.  See China Fifth and Sixth, supra note 108, at 53-54. The ACWF hosts
intensive trainings for provincial leaders of women's federations to become
better prepared for challenges faced when advocating and promoting women's
rights. Change Attitude and Build Up Capacity, All-China Women's Fed'n (Nov. 8,
2010), http://www.womenofchina.cn/html/report/107555-1.htm.





n112.  China Fifth and Sixth, supra note 108, at 17. The ACWF conducts advocacy
and training workshops on gender awareness for national level policy makers,
program managers, and media sectors. Advocacy on Gender Equality, All-China
Women's Fed'n (Nov. 8, 2010),
http://www.womenofchina.cn/html/report/107551-1.htm.





n113.  China Fifth and Sixth, supra note 108, at 20, 34. The ACWF engaged the
Enkon project to promote health and safety, education, and crime prevention
among China's youth. Enkon Project (Children's Safe and Healthy Growth Project),
All-China Women's Fed'n (Nov. 8, 2010),
http://www.womenofchina.cn/html/report/107554-1.htm.





n114.  The ACWF worked with UNICEF and the Chinese Ministry of Public Security
to execute a multi-tiered project to combat human trafficking. Fighting Against
Trafficking in Women and Children, All-China Women's Fed'n (Nov. 8, 2010),
http://www.womenofchina.cn/html/report/107553-1.htm.





n115.  Pruitt, Migration, supra note 9, at 741-42.





n116.  India Second and Third, supra note 97, P 310. See also id. P 82 (SGSY,
the rural poverty reduction program, distributed micro-credit loans to over
220,000 SHGs); id. P 103 (government sponsored SHGs of asset-less scheduled
caste (SC) women are able to access micro-credit financing for income generating
activities); id. P 281 (noting that a Scheduled Caste Development Corporation
operates in Andhra Pradesh, providing subsidized credit to SC women's SHGs to
purchase or lease land for community cultivation); id. P 286 (describing a state
program in Kerala that created an informal bank of rural women with savings and
credit operations, thus encouraging rural women to take up micro-enterprises).
Some programs allow for a higher loan-to-value ratio for project lending by
women entrepreneurs. See id. P 285.





n117.  Id. PP 78, 225. Several NGOs, such as the Society for Helping the
Awakening of the Rural Poor (SHARE) and the Rural Development Organization
(RDO), also set up micro-finance schemes for the rural poor. Id. P 225. Numerous
micro-finance institutions operate as credit cooperatives or credit unions. Id.





n118.  Id. P 78.





n119.  Id. P 225.





n120.  China Fifth and Sixth, supra note 108, at 49.





n121.  Id.





n122.  Id. at 49-50.





n123.  Id.





n124.  Canada Sixth and Seventh, supra note 85, P 132.





n125.  Comm. on the Elimination of Discrimination Against Women, Third Periodic
Report of States Parties: Australia, 49, U.N. Doc. CEDAW/C/AUL/3 (Sept. 27,
1995) [hereinafter Australia Third].





n126.  Id.; see also id. at 50-51 (discussing Women Tasmania initiative, which
has a number of programs and project initiatives targeted at women from
economically disadvantaged groups and regional areas, including the Women's
Development Small Grants program, providing small grants to women's groups to
assist with projects aimed to meet identified local needs).





n127.  Economic Participation, Women's Health N.,
http://www.whin.org.au/what-we-do/economic-participation.html (last visited Jan.
3, 2012).





n128.  The three-year project delivered formal business education to 100 women,
and afforded no-interest loans of AUD 2,000 to women establishing
microenterprises in Melbourne's northern metropolitan region. See Enterprising
Women-Overview: A Best Practice Model and Resource for Community Workers,
Women's Health N., http://www.whin.org.au/overview.html (last visited Jan. 3,
2012); Micro loans, Women's Health N.,
http://www.whin.org.au/business-education-over-program/microloans.html (last
visited Jan. 3, 2012); History of the Program, Women's Health N.,
http://www.whin.org.au/business-education-program/history-of-the-program.html
(last visited Jan. 3, 2012).





n129.  Canada Sixth and Seventh, supra note 85, P 433 ("Some of the challenges
to eliminating the service gaps for First Nation women and girls include
accessibility issues for those in remote and isolated communities, lack of
culturally appropriate resources and training, and need for increased
collaboration among stakeholders including communities and band councils.").





n130.  In 2001, Australia launched Working for Women-Strategic Directions
2001-2003, a plan created by Commonwealth Office of the Status of Women (OSW),
to strengthen partnerships between government, professions, industry, and
women's groups. The plan's key goal areas included economic self-sufficiency,
women's security, elimination of violence, maintenance of good health, and
achieving optimal status in society. Australia Fourth and Fifth, supra note 92,
P 27.





n131.  The Indian government must collaborate with NGOs on various issues,
including gender advocacy, scheme implementation, and monitoring and reforming
laws. See India Second and Third, supra note 97, P 362. India's tenth plan to
address violence against women highlights the need for close collaboration with
NGOs to yield awareness about this important issue in society. Id. P 83.





n132.  The Chinese government encourages the establishment of women's
organizations in rural enterprises to help monitor the implementation of
relevant laws and regulations pertaining to women. China Fifth and Sixth, supra
note 108, at 54. China's government calls upon the entire society to contribute
to a national "hand-in-hand" poverty reduction project, whereby "various social
forces ... carry out ... efforts to reduce poverty." Id. at 56; Chinese
Grassroots NGOs Struggle with Scarce Funds, Hauser Center. Nonprofit Orgs. (Nov.
16, 2010, 3:44 PM),
http://hausercenter.org/chinanpo/2010/11/chinese-grassroots-ngos-struggles-with-
scarce-funds/ (describing how a project aiming to establish book corners in
Chinese classrooms was successfully completed through collaborative efforts
between a NGO and private foundation). Difficulties facing grassroots
organizations, including lack of funding and inability obtaining legal
identification, can be addressed by collaborative efforts between the NGOs
themselves, government, corporations, and foundations. Id.





n133.  See Canadian Feminist Alliance for Int'l Action, supra note 56; Nat'l
Alliance of Women, India Second NGO Shadow Report on CEDAW, ch 5 pt. 4 (2006),
available at
http://www.iwraw-ap.org/resources/pdf/india%20final%20shadow%20report%20jan%2020
07.pdf; Inaction and Non-compliance: British Columbia's Approach to Women's
Inequality, Submission of the B.C. CEDAW Group to the U.N. Committee on the
Elimination of Discrimination Against Women 20-21, 60-61 (2008), available at
http://www.iwrawap.org/resources/pdf/42_shadow_reports/canada_sr_bc_cedaw_group.
pdf; see also Canada Sixth and Seventh, supra note 85, P 715-716 (noting limits
on funding to assist women entrepreneurs and a lack of specific programs for
aboriginal women); Belinda Leach, Rural Women Making Change: Women's
Organizations, Univ. of Guelph, http://www.rwmc.uoguelph.ca/page.php?p=46 (last
visited Jan. 3, 2012); cf. Wolz, supra note 45, at 47-48 (emphasizing that
strengthening and empowering common-interest groups, like women's groups and
federations, is the starting point of pro-poor development efforts); IFAD Rural
Poverty Rep., supra note 43, at 104-05 (explaining that local organizations,
like farmers associations and microfinance institutions, must be utilized to
disseminate index insurance as a risk management tool). The IFAD Rural Poverty
Rep. states: "It remains up to the public sector and NGOs to ... establish the
preconditions that will enable private insurers to invest in this area." Id.
This will require major institutional development and investments, including
private-public partnerships. Id.





n134.  See supra notes 63-65 (discussing spatial challenges to regional
organization among villages).





n135.  See supra note 65 and accompanying text.





n136.  See generally infra notes 137-39 and accompanying text (addressing
Australia's efforts to utilize such organizations); supra note 66 and
accompanying text.





n137.  See Engaging with Women's Organisations, Australian Gov't Department
Fams., Housing, Community Services & Indigenous Aff.,
http://www.fahcsia.gov.au/sa/women/progserv/equal/Pages/engaging_womens_org.aspx
#3 (last updated June 6, 2011).





n138.  Australia Fourth and Fifth, supra note 92, P 130.





n139.  Id. The Australian government offers a range of opportunities to
specifically enhance the leadership skills of women in regional and rural areas.
State and Territory Rural Women's Award winners attended a national leadership
seminar in March 2001 and also received funds to help develop their management,
business, or leadership skills. Id. P 141. The government also funds an annual
scholarship for one mature age rural woman to participate in the Australian
Rural Leadership Programme. Id. Further information about the Rural Women's
Award is available at http://www.ruralwomensaward.gov.au. See also id. P 167
(discussing the importance of the Annual Women's Summit, and stating that the
inaugural Victorian Women's Summit, held for rural women in May 2000, was
attended by over 200 women from diverse organizations and backgrounds); id. P
510 (discussing the strategies of the Department of Primary Industries to
promote women in leadership); id. P 515 (discussing the South Australia (SA)
Rural Network); id. P 516 (discussing Shaping the Future: SA Rural Women's
Developing Leaders Course, held every two years for twenty-five rural women from
across the state to attend); id. P 523 (discussing other initiatives aimed at
addressing the needs of rural women); id. P 525 (discussing other initiatives
for rural and remote area women).





n140.  See, e.g., Australia Fourth and Fifth, supra note 92, P 151 (discussing
New South Wales (NSW) programs to support rural women's leadership, including
NSW Agriculture's Rural Women's Network leadership training pilot program for
women in isolated communities); id. P 457 (discussing Women Tasmania programs,
such as the Women in Decision Making and Leadership Programme, which includes
leadership training and mentoring programs for young women from disadvantaged
areas).





n141.  See id. P 166; Victorian Women's Register, Department Hum. Services,
http://www.dhs.vic.gov.au/for-business-and-community/community-involvement/women
-in-the-community/women-as-leaders/victorian-womens-register (last visited Jan.
3, 2012).





n142.  See Australia Fourth and Fifth, supra note 92, P 166.





n143.  Id.





n144.  Id. P 477. AFFA also participated in the OSW Executive Search Pilot
Programme to "head-hunt" suitable women for positions on Commonwealth boards.
Id.





n145.  See id. P 473.





n146.  Id. P 472.





n147.  See Canada Sixth and Seventh, supra note 85, P 551.





n148.  What is the Rural Secretariat?, Canada's Rural Partnership,
http://www.rural.gc.ca/RURAL/display-afficher.do?id=1230067130367&lang=eng (last
modified Dec. 23, 2008).





n149.  Id.





n150.  One example of such a partnership is the RS Community Development Program
(RSCDP), part of a Canadian federal initiative seeking to increase the capacity
of rural and northern communities to leverage local assets and competitive
advantages. Programs, Canada's Rural Partnership,
http://www.rural.gc.ca/RURAL/display-afficher.do?id=1230068932797&lang=eng (last
modified Dec. 29, 2011). Their applicant guide encourages participation by
non-profit organizations, associations, universities, co-operatives, NGOs, and
local and provincial governments. Applicant's Guide-Community Development
Program, Building Rural and Northern Partnerships, Canada's Rural Partnership,
http://www.rural.gc.ca/RURAL/display-afficher.do?id=1299516906622&lang=eng (last
modified Nov. 25, 2011). Another program, Peacebuild, is a network that promotes
dialogue on human security policy between Canadian NGOs, government agencies,
and individuals. Mission/Vision, Peacebuild,
http://www.peacebuild.ca/about-mission-vision-e.php (last visited Jan. 3, 2012).
Peacebuild's Gender and Peacebuilding Working Group (GPWG) aims to strengthen
and promote collaboration between Canadian organizations, activists, and
academics. Gender and Peacebuilding, Peacebuild,
http://www.peacebuild.ca/work-groups-gender-pb-e.php (last visited Jan. 3,
2012). GPWG facilitates collaboration efforts in programming and policy by
providing a forum for the exchange of resources, and dialogue between members of
civil society and government. Id. In its annual report, Peacebuild publishes a
list of its organizational and individual members. See Peacebuild, Annual Report
2008-2009, at 13 (2009), available at
http://www.peacebuild.ca/documents/ARfinal0809.pdf. Peacebuild emphasizes that
"peacebuilding" is an umbrella concept reflecting a comprehensive approach to
peace and security. The term was adopted when former United Nations
Secretary-General, Boutros Boutros-Ghali, announced his Agenda for Peace in
1992. What is Peacebuilding, Peacebuild,
http://www.peacebuild.ca/about-what-is-pb-e.php (last visited Jan. 3, 2012).





n151.  China Fifth and Sixth, supra note 108, at 27. The women recommended by
the local Women's Federations were elected to leadership positions in local
people's congresses and government nearly 50% of the time. Id.





n152.  India Second and Third, supra note 97, P 361.





n153.  Id.





n154.  IFAD Rural Poverty Rep., supra note 43, at 128-30 (describing how
improvements in information technology (IT) and its accessibility bolster use of
devices like computers and mobile phones in rural areas). Advancements in IT are
resulting in rapid dissemination of real-time information, improving risk
management in rural markets. See id. at 128-29; see also Wolz, supra note 45, at
20 (noting that adequate public investment in rural infrastructure is important
for promoting growth of agriculture and the non-farm economy in rural locales
and that access to transport and communication is essential for integrating
rural poor with markets). Mobile phones are enhancing women's engagement and
autonomy in the market by allowing them more direct access to buyers and
excluding men's intermediation. See IFAD Rural Poverty Rep., supra note 43, at
129. The same is true in the United States, where rural advocacy groups have
lobbied for rural broadband. See Kim Severson, Digital Age Is Slow to Arrive in
Rural America, N.Y. Times, Feb. 17, 2011, at A1, available at
http://www.nytimes.com/2011/02/18/us/18broadband.html?ref=us ("In rural America,
only 60 percent of households use broadband Internet service, according to a
report released ... by the Department of Commerce."); Hilary Shelton, Guest
Commentary: Rural America - the Digital Divide's Last Frontier, Gadsden Times
(July 12, 2011, 6:09 PM),
http://www.gadsdentimes.com/article/20110712/NEWS/110719917 (reporting that
twelve million homes in the United States lack access to basic high-speed
Internet services, the majority being in rural areas). Broadband service
provides access to online suppliers that offer better prices in the agricultural
marketplace. Id. The article argues that the United States government should
reform less efficient broadband infrastructure programs to provide broadband to
areas in greatest need. Id.





n155.  See Ctr. for Rural Strategies, Scholars' Roundtable: The Effects of
Expanding Broadband to Rural Areas 7 (Sharon Strover & Nick Muntean eds., 2011),
available at
http://www.ruralstrategies.org/sites/all/files/Broadband_Investment.pdf ("Some
of our research in Texas revealed the significance of what we called "soft
outcomes,' namely the impact of information that would contribute indirectly to
better job outcomes by, for example, finding new locations to market one's
services or learning something about one's craft ... . For certain populations,
using the Internet did not lead immediately to new jobs, but it could make
subtle improvements to their lives.").





n156.  See, e.g., Australia Fourth and Fifth, supra note 92, PP 467, 523.





n157.  Id. P 467.





n158.  Id.





n159.  Rural Women's Symposium Working Grp., Priorities and Recommended Actions:
A Report of the Rural Women's Symposium Working Group app. A (2010), available
at http://203.210.126.185/dsdweb/v4/apps/web/secure/docs/4478.pdf.





n160.  Id.





n161.  Id.





n162.  See Bruce Arnold, Telecentres, Caslon Analytics (Dec. 2006)
http://www.caslon.com.au/telecentresnote1.htm; Australian Gov't Dep't of
Commc'n, Info. Tech & the Arts, Annual Report 2003-2004, at 217 (2004),
available at
http://www.archive.dcita.gov.au/__data/assets/pdf_file/0005/15953/DCITA_Annual_R
eport_2003-04.pdf.





n163.  Australia Third, supra note 125, at 50.





n164.  Id. ("Funding of [AUD] 2.8 million over four years from 1992-93 has been
provided to assist community organisations to establish telecentres. By 30 June
1993, the Minister for Primary Industries and Energy had announced funding for
13 telecentres, with three being fully operational... . Additional funding of
[AUD] 300,000 was provided in the 1993-94 Budget to increase the coverage of the
program by increasing the number of Telecentre approvals from 33 to 45.").





n165.  Arnold, supra note 162.





n166.  Australia Third, supra note 125, at 50.





n167.  Id.





n168.  Australia Fourth and Fifth, supra note 92, P 493.





n169.  See Media Statement, Gov't of W. Austl., State Funding Helps Kalannie
Telecentre Secure Its Future (Sept. 18, 2006), available at
http://www.mediastatements.wa.gov.au/Pages/WACabinetMinistersSearch.aspx?ItemId=
128540&minister=O&page=30 (announcing grant of AUD 137,877 to establish Kalannie
Telecentre); cf. Arnold, supra note 162.





n170.  Australia Fourth and Fifth, supra note 92, P 493. For example, the
Australian Virtual Centre for Women and the Law project is managed by the
National Women's Justice Coalition and "includes 600 community organizations,
using almost 170 e-mail groups created and supported through the project." Id.
The Women's Justice Network, which aims to provide legal information, advice,
and referrals to women in southwest Queensland, comprises a network of community
organizations and legal advice services connected through computer video
conferencing facilities and a legal information database. Id.





n171.  See id. P 476. The formal name of the interactive computer network was
the Education Network Australia, known as EdNA. Id. With its online delivery of
courses, rural women were afforded flexibility in participating in education and
training. Id. Alas, EdNA closed in the end of July 2011, due to the rapid pace
of development of the competition in this area. Bernard Lane, Edna's Demise a
Sign of the Times, Australian (July 7, 2011, 11:51 AM), available at
http://www.theaustralian.com.au/higher-education/ednas-demise-a-sign-of-the-time
s/story-e6frgcjx-1226089748336. Accordingly, some question the ability of the
Telecentres to effect widespread change. See Arnold, supra note 162.





n172.  Nat'l Broadband Network, National Broadband Network: Progress
Update-August 2011 (2011) [hereinafter NBN Progress Update], available at
http://www.nbn.gov.au/wp-content/uploads/2011/05/august-update.pdf.





n173.  Id.





n174.  Australia Fourth and Fifth, supra note 92, P 493. The Australian Virtual
Centre for Women and the Law, a project managed by the National Women's Justice
Coalition, hosts a wide range of online discussion groups and associated
services for rural women. Id. As of 2003, the project had approximately 5,000
participants. Id. Most notably, the Australian Women's Justice Network provides
advice and legal information, and is comprised of a network of community
organizations. Id.





n175.  See id. PP 493, 509. ("The [Queensland] Office for Women established a
partnership with the Queensland Rural Women's Network to extend internet access
and training to women around the state through the BridgIT programme.").





n176.  See IFAD Rural Poverty Report, supra note 43, at 36, 194.





n177.  China Fifth and Sixth, supra note 108, at 54.





n178.  Christine Zhen-Wei Qiang et al. Rural Informatization in China 35, 40
(World Bank, Working Paper No. 172, 2009), available at
http://www.worldbank.org/research/2009/06/10787163/rural-informatization-china.





n179.  Dileep Mavalankar & Manjunath Shankar, Sanitation and Water Supply: The
Forgotten Infrastructure, in India Infrastructure Report 2004: Ensuring Value
for Money 314, 318 (Sebastian Morris ed., 2004), available at
http://www.iitk.ac.in/3inetwork/html/reports/IIR-2004/Chap%2013%202003.pdf;
Pruitt, India's Rural Remnant, supra note 78, at 827.





n180.  Mavalankar & Shankar, supra note 179, at 318. This comparison may be
misleading if the state governments invested substantially more in water
sanitation and infrastructure than did the central government. See Pruitt,
India's Rural Remnant, supra note 78.





n181.  India Second and Third, supra note 97, P 174.





n182.  Id. P 201.





n183.  See generally Canada Sixth and Seventh, supra note 85; Canadian Feminist
Alliance for Int'l Action, supra note 56, at 57; About, Rural Womyn Zone,
http://ruralwomyn.wordpress.com/about/ (last visited Jan. 3, 2012) ("Rural Womyn
Zone is an online community that provides a safe place where rural women gather
and identify and share their solutions to the problems [they and other isolated
women confront].").





n184.  Dillan Theckedath & Terrence J. Thomas, Parliamentary Research Serv., No.
2011-57-E, In Brief: Rural Broadband Deployment 1 (2011), available at
http://www.parl.gc.ca/Content/LOP/ResearchPublications/2011-57-e.pdf.





n185.  See Iain Marlow, Rural Canada Loses as Politics and Business Fail to Get
Broadband down the Last Mile, Globe & Mail (Nov. 15, 2010),
http://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/national/time-to-lead/internet/rural-canada-
loses-as-politics-and-business-fail-to-get-broadband-down-the-last-mile/article1
799640/.





n186.  Theckedath & Thomas, supra note 184, at 3 (reporting a broadband target
of five megabits per second for downloads for all Canadians).





n187.  See supra Part I.





n188.  See supra notes 49-64 and accompanying text.





n189.  Leach, supra note 133; see also Links and Resources, Rural Women's Issues
Comm. Sask., http://ruralwomensask.ca/links_organizations.html (last visited
Jan. 3, 2012). Rural Women Making Change (RWMC) projects extend internationally;
"collaboration is underway with rural women's organizations in Britain, Europe,
Australia, Mexico, and Trinidad and Tobago." Rural Women Making Change: About
RWMC, U. Guelph, http://www.rwmc.uoguelph.ca/page.php?p=1 (last visited Jan. 3,
2012). International groups within the RWMC network include Women's Network PEI
(Canada), New South Wales Rural Women's Network (Australia), Queensland
University of Technology (Australia), Sudha Chauhan (India), Ashish Sharma
(India), Centre for Women's Development and Research (CWDR) (India),
Professional Institute for Development and Socio Environment Management (India),
Our Iron Fists (Nepal), Women Acting Together for Change (WATCH) (Nepal),
Federal University of Technology - Stella Odurukwe (Nigeria), Nigerian High Tech
Women (NHTW) (Nigeria), Swat Youth Front (Pakistan), WIKH Development Foundation
(Pakistan), Demapeda Research and Development for Change (South Africa),
University of Valladolid (Spain), Gender Centre for Research and Training
(Sudan), IDM Women Research, Consultancy and Training Group (IDM-WORECOT)
(Tanzania), Kagoma Community Based Organisation (KACOBA) (Uganda), Mukono Womens
Enterprenuership Networks and Associations (Uganada), Women Organizing for
Change in Agriculture and Natural Resource (United States), National
Agricultural Information Services (Zambia), Davidzo Muchawaya (Zimbabwe). Rural
Women Making Change: The RWMC Network, U. Guelph,
http://www.rwmc.uoguelph.ca/page.php?p=1 (last visited Jan. 3, 2012).





n190.  See supra Part III.A.





n191.  See supra Part III.B-C.





n192.  See, e.g., Leach, supra note 133. "Eight research projects comprise the
Rural Women Making Change's research program. These projects are categorized
into three domains: 1) Rural Women's Organizations as Intermediaries, 2) the
Rural Everyday, 3) Gender and Rural Policy in the Trans-local. Rural Women
Making Change: Research Projects, U. Guelph,
http://www.rwmc.uoguelph.ca/page.php?p=2 (last visited Jan. 3, 2012). See also
The History of RWICS, Rural Women's Issues Comm. Sask.,
http://www.ruralwomensask.ca/about_history.html (last visited Jan. 3, 2012) ("In
June 2004, the Prairie Women's Health Centre of Excellence (PWHCE) and the
Centres of Excellence for Women's Health (CEWH) [published] Rural, Remote and
Northern Women's Health: Research and Policy Directions... . This was a
comprehensive, national project on the health concerns of women who live in
rural, remote and northern Canada."). See generally Myra Marx Ferree,
Globalization and Feminism: Opportunities and Obstacles for Activism in the
Global Arena, in Global Feminism, supra note 16, at 15 (stating that women's
associations fund and collect studies and disseminate information, train
researchers and policymakers to develop greater awareness of gender inequities
and greater commitment to redressing them).





n193.  We are not examining here the effectiveness of "women's policy"
departments in these countries. Most developed and many developing countries
have established "women's policy machineries" within the government, creating
the impression that the cause of women's equality was obviated. See Ferree,
supra note 192, at 12 ("Paradoxically, sometimes the creation of women's policy
machinery seems to be mistaken for an end in itself or a substitution for active
mobilization to exert pressure for change, and thus in practice can lead to
demobilization by the women's movements that helped to create them.").





n194.  Cf. id. at 7. ("Feminist activists and activism typically are embedded in
organizations and institutions with multiple goals... . It is not true by
definition that a person or group that calls itself feminist necessarily puts
this particular goal in first place, since in practice it could be discovered to
be displaced by other values ... . Nor is it true by definition that a person or
group that does not call itself feminist does not have feminist goals, since the
identity can carry other connotations in a local setting (whether of radicalism
or exclusivity or cultural difference) that an activist may seek to avoid by
choosing another label."). The distinction between feminist groups and women's
organizations should not be overwrought. See id. ("Regardless of their goals,
mobilizations that use gender to mobilize women are likely to bring their
constituents into more explicitly political activities, empower women to
challenge limitations on their roles and lives, and create networks among women
that enhance their ability to recognize existing gender relations as oppressive
and in need of change.").





n195.  See, e.g., id. at 8.





n196.  See id. at 5 (stating that grassroots involvement is growing in scope and
significance in many parts of the world); id. at 13 ("[Networks of women's
organizations are] becoming potentially powerful transnational actors in their
own right.").





n197.  See id. at 5 (stating that nongovernmental groups are involved in "a
complex process of political renegotiation [of global relationships] that hides
under the label globalization").





n198.  Margrit Eichler & Marie Lavigne, Women's Movement, Canadian Encyclopedia,
http://www.thecanadianencyclopedia.com/index.cfm?PgNm=TCE&Params=A1ARTA0008684
(last visited Jan. 3, 2012). Co-operation among the various groups has
intensified since the 1970s. Id.



   Some of the national groups include the National Action Committee on the
Status of Women, the Canadian Research Institute for the Advancement of Women,
the Canadian Congress for Learning Opportunities for Women, the National
Association of Women and the Law, the Canadian Day Care Advocacy Group,
Federation nationale des femmes canadiennes-francaises, the National
Organization of Immigrant and Visible Minority Women of Canada, National Watch
on Images of Women in the Media Inc., the Women's Legal Education and Action
fund, Disabled Women's Network Canada, the National Congress of Black Women of
Canada, the Native Women's Organization of Canada, the National Council of
Women, the Voice of Women, the Canadian Association of Sexual Assault Centres,
and many more.

 Id. See generally Marika Morris, Some Facts and Dates in Canadian Women's
History of the 20th Century, Canadian Res. Inst. Advancement Women (2000),
http://criaw-icref.ca/millennium (informing that throughout the twentieth
century, groups of women formed, fighting for women's rights and improved laws
regarding women); Evaluation of the Women's Program, Status Women Can.,
http://www.swc-cfc.gc.ca/account-resp/pr/wpeval-evalpf/wpe-epf-4-eng.html (last
modified Oct. 28, 2011) (noting that the Royal Commission on the Status of Women
has acknowledged the special role played by voluntary women's organizations in
providing services to their communities, since the 1970s). Some anecdotal
evidence suggests that, Canadian women's organizations are increasingly co-opted
by conservative and decidedly anti-feminist groups, creating the illusion of a
proliferation of women's organizations but without actually working toward the
goals of a women's movement. See supra note 194 for our discussion of the
distinction between feminist vs. non-feminist groups.





n199.  See Eichler & Lavigne, supra note 198. By organizing primarily along the
lines of mother tongues, the resulting women's organizations likely tend to
ignore indigenous women's voices.





n200.  Id.; see also, e.g., Resources, Ad Hoc Coal. Women's Equal. & Hum. Rts.,
http://www.womensequality.ca/resources.html (last visited Jan. 3, 2012);
Canadian Feminist Alliance for Int'l Action & Nat'l Ass'n of Women & the Law,
Submission to the United Nations Committee on Economic, Social, and Cultural
Rights on the Occasion of Its Review of Canada's 4th and 5th Periodic Reports
NAWL 2 (2006), available at
http://www2.ohchr.org/english/bodies/cescr/docs/info-ngos/canadianfeminist.pdf
(noting the Feminist Alliance for International Action (FAFIA) is an alliance of
fifty Canadian women's organizations seeking to fulfill commitments to women
under international human rights treaties and ensure the Canadian government's
respect).





n201.  Women's Groups Fear Federal Cuts Coming, Canada.com (Sept. 22, 2006),
http://www.canada.com/vancouversun/news/story.html?id=84d34765-83d6-4ee6-bc27-4d
fb6357dae7&k=54136 (emphasizing that a leading Canadian women's rights group had
to close its office for lack of federal funding and other federally financed
organizations share similar fear); Eichler & Lavigne, supra note 198; Rupert
Taylor, Funding Cuts to Women's Groups by Conservative Government, Suite 101
(May 4, 2010),
http://www.suite101.com/news/funding-cut-to-womens-groups-by-conservative-govern
ment-a233585 (reporting that the Harper administration cut funding to eleven
Canadian NGOs).





n202.  Canadian Feminist Alliance for Int'l Action, supra note 56, at 9 (stating
Canadian government's recent elimination of programs women rely on have made
women's lives harsher, particularly the poorest women); Eichler & Lavigne, supra
note 198.





n203.  Eichler & Lavigne, supra note 198. For example, "in 1995 the Bread and
Roses March involved women marching for 10 days to Quebec City to" bring
attention to poverty in the province. Id.; see also Women Together Ending
Poverty, Submission to the Minimum Wage Policy Review 2 (2010)
http://wtep.ca/www.wtep.ca/Events_2010-2011_files/Minimum%20Wage%20Policy%20Revi
ew%20Presentation.pdf ("Women Together Ending Poverty or WTEP is a diverse
grassroots women's group [formed specifically] to educate and empower ... other
women to take action on the root causes of poverty.").





n204.  About RWMC, supra note 189. The Canadian Government's Social Sciences and
Humanities Research Council (SSHRC) funds "postsecondary-based research,
research training and knowledge mobilization activities in the social sciences
and humanities." Funding, Soc. Sci. & Human. Res. Council Can.
http://www.sshrc-crsh.gc.ca/funding-financement/index-eng.aspx (last modified
Oct. 20, 2011).





n205.  Rural Women Making Change, Program Objectives and Approach, U. Guelph,
http://www.rwmc.uoguelph.ca/page.php?p=22 (last visited Jan. 3, 2012). "Research
activity reports, both progress or final," are required for some SSHRC grants.
Reporting and Supporting Evidence, Nat. Sci. & Eng'g Res. Council Can.,
http://www.nserc-crsng.gc.ca/Professors-Professeurs/FinancialAdminGuide-GuideAdm
inFinancier/Reporting-Rapports_eng.asp#research (last updated Sept. 15, 2011).
RWMC Partners and Supporters include over fifteen local women's groups including
Antigonish Women's Resource Centre, CAW Local 88, Women's Committee, Rural Women
Take Action on Poverty, and Women's Employment Resource Centre. See Rural Women
Making Change: Partners and Supporters, U. Guelph,
http://www.rwmc.uoguelph.ca/page.php?p=14 (last visited Jan. 3, 2012).





n206.  About RWMC, supra note 189.





n207.  See Rural Women Making Change: Search the RWMC Library, U. Guelph,
http://www.rwmc.uoguelph.ca/search.php (last visited Jan. 3, 2012).





n208.  Rural Women Making Change: Women's Organizations, supra note 133. A
database of more than 250 such organizations will be available on the RWMC's
website. Id.





n209.  Id. Canadian organizations within the RWMC Network include Ministry of
Citizenship & Immigration, Women's Resource Centre, University of Guelph, Jane
Gould, National Farmers Union Ontario Local 7, National Farmers Union, Women's
Committee, CAW Local 88, Women's Committee, Women's Employment Resource Centre,
Centre for Families Work and Well-Being, Women Today of Huron, Grey Bruce
Domestic Violence Coordinating Committee, Aboriginal Resource Centre -
University of Guelph, The Ontario Trillium Foundation, Centre for Research and
Education on Violence Against Women, Rural Women's Support Program South East
Wellington, Federated Women's Institute of Ontario, Rural Women Take Action on
Poverty. Id.





n210.  Our Approach, Canadian Women's Found.,
http://www.canadianwomen.org/our-approach (last visited Jan. 3, 2012). It is
unclear whether, as a national public foundation, the organization receives any
monetary support from the Canadian government: all the programs and grants
appear to be funded by private donations. See id.





n211.  Mission and Vision, Canadian Women's Found.,
http://www.canadianwomen.org/mission-and-vision (last visited Jan. 3, 2012).





n212.  In 2009-10, CWF raised more than CAD 3.4 million to distribute among
Canadian women's groups, of which more than a thousand were grassroots
organizations. Canadian Women's Found., Annual Report 2009/2010, at 2 (2010),
available at
http://www.canadianwomen.org/sites/cwf.openwebgroup.ca/files/PDF%20-%20Annual%20
report%202009-2010.pdf. Among the 2010 grant recipients were the Native Canadian
Center of Toronto: Daughters of Earth, Funders, Native Canadian Ctr. Toronto,
http://www.ncct.on.ca/funders.php (last visited Jan. 3, 2012), North End Women's
Center, N. End Women's Ctr., N. End Women's Ctr., 2010-2011 Annual Report 20
(2011), available at
http://www.newcentre.org/wp-content/uploads/2010/12/Annual-Report-2011.pdf,
Women Building Futures, Women Building Futures, Women Building Futures, Annual
Report 2010, at 8 (2010), available at
http://www.womenbuildingfutures.com/Portals/49/pdf/reports/2010-WBF_Annual%20Rep
ort_Online.pdf, and the Interior Indian Friendship Society, Rites of Passage,
Canadian Women's Found., http://www.canadianwomen.org/node/296 (last visited
Jan. 3, 2012).





n213.  Home, Federated Women's Insts. Ont., http://www.fwio.on.ca/ (last visited
Sept. 28, 2011).





n214.  ROSE on the Road at Canada's Outdoor Farm Show!, Federated Women's Insts.
Ont., http://www.fwio.on.ca/News.php (last visited Jan. 3, 2012).





n215.  Voice Your Concerns! Take Action!, Federated Women's Insts. Ont.,
http://www.fwio.on.ca/Voice_Your_Concerns.php# (last visited Jan. 3, 2012). In
February 2011, FWIO's president met with Canada's Minister of Agriculture, Food
and Rural Affairs to discuss the organization's concern regarding the continued
closure of small abattoirs in Ontario. FWIO Advocates for Small Abattoirs,
Federated Women's Insts. Ont., http://www.fwio.on.ca/Current_Concerns.php (last
visited Jan. 3, 2012) (detailing Minister's statement that she and FWIO, "[have]
made progress in recent years" and she looked forward to continuing working with
FWIO, while maintaining a shared commitment to food safety).





n216.  For example, The Canadian Breast Cancer Network (CBCN) is a
survivor-directed, national network of organizations and individuals that
represents the concerns of all Canadians affected by breast cancer, including
those at risk for it. The organization's aim is to develop and encourage
networking among concerned groups and individuals. About CBCN, Canadian Breast
Cancer Network,
http://www.cbcn.ca/index.php?pageaction=content.page&id=41&lang=en (last updated
Aug. 29, 2011). To this end, the CBCN provides a separate webpage for rural
women with breast cancer, Rural Women, Canadian Breast Cancer Network,
http://www.cbcn.ca/index.php?pageaction=content.page&id=71&lang=en (last updated
July 8, 2010), and includes a list of rural women's organizations there, Rural
Women's Organizations, Canadian Breast Cancer Network,
http://www.cbcn.ca/index.php?pageaction=content.page&id=612&lang=en (last
updated Jan. 28, 2010). These organizations are mostly organized by state or
region, although some of them are national organizations or feminist sub-groups
of other national organizations. Id.





n217.  About Us, Canadian Women's Health Network, http://www.cwhn.ca/en/about
(last visited Jan. 3, 2012). A declared goal of CWHN is to improve women's
situation around the world; thus, Canadian rural women's health care is only one
of many problems of concern to the organization. See id.





n218.  Id.





n219.  Id.





n220.  Id.





n221.  The Economic and Social Council invited eligible NGOs to participate in
the 49th session of the Commission on the Status of Women. The two themes were
(i) "implementation of the Beijing Platform for Action and the outcome documents
of the [twenty-third] special session of the General Assembly;" and "(ii)
Current challenges and forward-looking strategies for the advancement and
empowerment of women and girls." U.N. Econ. & Soc. Council, Annotated
Provisional Agenda and Proposed Organization of Work, Comm'n on the Status of
Women, 49th Sess. 1-2, U.N. Doc. E/CN.6/2005/1 (Dec. 20, 2004), available at
http://www.un.org/womenwatch/daw/csw/csw49/E_CN.6_2005_1_13Dec04.pdf; Olena
Hankivsky & The Canadian Women's Health Network, Women's Health in Canada:
Beijing and Beyond 1 (Susan White ed., rev. ed., 2005), available at
http://www.cwhn.ca/resources/pub/beijingBeyond.pdf; Non-Governmental
Organizations (NGOs): Making Statements and Oral Intervention, Div. Advancement
Women, http://www.un.org/womenwatch/daw/Review/english/ngo-mak.htm#ngo4 (last
visited Jan. 3, 2012); Non-Governmental Organizations (NGOs): Participation
Eligibility, Div. Advancement Women,
http://www.un.org/womenwatch/daw/Review/english/ngo.htm#ngo2 (last visited Jan.
3, 2012).





n222.  Hankivsky & The Canadian Women's Health Network, supra note 221, at 5
(noting that this report directly addresses Article 12 of CEDAW, calling on
states to "take all appropriate measures to eliminate discrimination against
women in the field of health care").





n223.  About CEWH, Centres Excellence Women's Health,
http://www.cewh-cesf.ca/en/about.shtml (last visited Jan. 3, 2012).





n224.  Id.





n225.  Id.





n226.  Id.; see also N. Gerrard & G. Russell, An Exploration of Health-Related
Impacts of the Erosion of Agriculturally Focused Support Programs for Farm Women
in Saskatchewan (2000), available at
http://www.pwhce.ca/explorationHealthRelated.htm.





n227.  See Gerrard & Russell, supra note 226.





n228.  Rebecca Sutherns et al., Ctrs. of Excellence for Women's Health, Rural,
Remote and Northern Women's Health: Policy and Research Directions Final Summary
Report 3 (2003), available at
http://www.cewh-cesf.ca/PDF/cross_cex/RRN_Summary_CompleteE.pdf.





n229.  Id.





n230.  Id.





n231.  See id. at L8-9. As nearly one-third of Canadians live in rural and
remote areas, and more than half of Canada's population is comprised of women,
the report calls for a "policy change network." Id. at L9-10. Members of policy
change networks participate in the policy process and interact with each other
regularly, distinguished from other community groups by the members' shared
focus on material interests. Id. at L10. Actions typical of policy change
networks include making clear policy recommendations; producing user friendly
kits containing briefing papers, background information, and contact lists; and
maintaining a central office with staff to oversee projects. Id.





n232.  Elaine Enarson, Prairie Women's Health Ctr. of Excellence, Prairie Women
Prepared for Disaster: An Emergency Planning Guide for Women's Community
Organizations (2009), available at
http://www.pwhce.ca/pdf/disasterI/MainReport.pdf.





n233.  Formed in 1998, WHP is a coalition of activists and academics, including
researchers, journalists, and health professionals working towards developing an
improved health protection legislative framework. The Working Group, Women &
Health Protection, http://www.whp-apsf.ca/en/about.html (last visited Jan. 3,
2012).





n234.  The Saskatoon Anti-Poverty Coalition works to eliminate poverty by
increasing community involvement in creating a long term anti-poverty strategy.
Welcome to Our Blog, Saskatoon Anti-Poverty Coalition Blog (Aug. 12, 2008, 12:32
PM), http://saskatoonanti-povertycoalition.blogspot.com.





n235.  Equal Justice for All, a grassroots antipoverty organization in
Saskatoon, worked with PWHCE on a participatory action research project focused
on the experiences of women living on social assistance. Women and Poverty,
Prairie Women's Health Centre Excellence,
http://www.pwhce.ca/program_poverty.htm (last visited Jan. 3, 2012).





n236.  About CEWH, supra note 223 Joanne Havelock et al., Presentation at the
Atlantic Centre of Excellence for Women's Health: Photovoice Process Reflecting
Women's Lives (Mar. 17, 2009), available at
http://www.acewh.dal.ca/pdf/Looking%20Back%20presentations/Havelock%20-%20PhotoV
oice%20Process%20Reflecting%20Women's%20Lives.pdf; Women and Poverty, supra note
235; The Working Group, supra note 233.





n237.  See Welcome to Australian Co-operative Links, Co-operative Dev. Servs.
Ltd., http://www.coopdevelopment.org.au/cooplinks.html (last visited Jan. 3,
2012). This site lists more than 600 Australian cooperatives. Id. There are
about 2,000 cooperatives in Australia, possibly more. See id.; see also
Cooperative Society, ourommunity.com.au,
http://ourcommunity.com.au/directories/directories_article.jsp?articleId=2102
(last visited Jan. 3, 2012) (stating that there are about 2,400 cooperatives in
Australia).





n238.  See South Australian Co-operatives., Co-operative Dev. Services Ltd.,
http://coopdevelopment.org.au/salinks.html (last visited Jan. 3, 2012).





n239.  See Co-operative Society, supra note 237 ("The Associations Incorporation
Act runs to 134 pages, the Co-operatives Act 148.").





n240.  See Australian National Co-operatives, Co-operative Dev. Services Ltd.,
http://www.coopdevelopment.org.au/natlinks.html (last visited Jan. 3, 2012)
(stating that a 1986 study found that legislative inconsistencies between states
created barriers to development of national agricultural co-operatives).





n241.  Id.





n242.  Id. ("According to the Regulatory Impact Statement for the proposed
National Co-operatives Law, there were 26 "foreign co-operatives' (co-operatives
operating in another state or territory) registered in Australia in 2009.").





n243.  AWiA-Australian Women Agric., ltd., http://www.awia.org.au (last visited
Jan. 3, 2012).





n244.  See About Us, AWiA-Australian Women Agric., Ltd.,
http://www.awia.org.au/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=48:about-us&
catid=30:about-us&Itemid=22 (last visited Jan. 3, 2012).





n245.  Australian Women in Agric., Ltd., Annual Report Australian Women in
Agriculture 2009-2010, at 11-12, 27 (2010), available at
http://www.awia.org.au/images/annual_report/annualreport2010.pdf (stating that
AWiA corporate sponsors contribute AUD 500 as a yearly fee; these sponsors
include Rabobank and Westpac Bank); Our People, AWiA-Australian Women in Agric.,
Ltd., available at
http://www.awia.org.au/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=49&Itemid=25
3 (last visited Jan. 3, 2012). Westpac further provides beneficial services like
non-profit interest rates and online credit card processing. Annual Report
Australian Women in Agriculture 2009-2010, supra at 11.





n246.  See Women Farmers Lead the Way, Buzz July 2010, at 1 available at
http://www.awia.org.au/images/the_buzz/jul2010.pdf.





n247.  See Annual Report Australian Women in Agriculture 2009-2010, supra note
245, at 16 (detailing the collaboration between Many Australian Photographers
(MAP) and AWiA). MAP donated 50% of the cost of its photo book, Beyond
Reasonable Drought, to AWiA in exchange for promoting the book and handling
sales through AWiA administration. Id.





n248.  Id. AWiA is a member of The National Rural Women's Coalition and Network,
Inc. (NRWCN). Id. "[NRWCN] is a collaborative national voice for over 250,000
women" living in rural Australia. Id. NRWCN was established in 2002 to provide
recommendations to government, and includes Australian Local Government Women's
Association (ALGWA), Country Women's Association of Australia (CWAA), Foundation
for Australian Agriculture Women (FAAW), National Rural Health Alliance (NRHA),
Rural Doctors Association of Australia (RDAA), Women's Industry Network Seafood
Community (WINSC). Id.





n249.  New AiWA Projects Ready for Launching, Buzz, July 2010, at 8 (July 2010),
http://www.awia.org.au/images/the_buzz/jul2010.pdf (detailing AWiA workshops
that train women in agriculture, forestry and fisheries to become successful
leaders, business owners and technologically savvy). In 2010, a delegation of
AWiA members met with various government officials, including the Minister of
Agriculture and the Minister for the Status of Women, to discuss issues on
AWiA's agenda and to develop partnerships with politicians. Annual Report
Australian Women in Agriculture 2009-2010, supra note 245, at 14.





n250.  See Rural Women's Network, Department Hum. Services,
http://www.dhs.vic.gov.au/for-business-and-community/community-involvement/women
-in-the-community/regional-and-rural/about-the-rural-womens-network (last
visited Jan. 3, 2012).





n251.  Women's Policy in Victoria, Department Hum. Services,
http://www.dhs.vic.gov.au/about-the-department/our-organisation/organisational-s
tructure/our-divisions/industry,-workforce-and-strategy-division/office-of-women
s-policy (last visited Jan. 3, 2012).





n252.  See History of the Rural Women's Network, Department Hum. Services,
http://www.dhs.vic.gov.au/for-business-and-community/community-involvement/women
-in-the-community/regional-and-rural/about-the-rural-womens-network/history-of-t
he-rural-womens-network (last updated Sept. 2, 2011); Rural Women's Network,
supra note 250.





n253.  Rural Women's Network Magazine, Department Hum. Services,
http://www.dhs.vic.gov.au/for-business-and-community/community-involvement/women
-in-the-community/regional-and-rural/about-the-rural-womens-network/rural-womens
-network-newsletter (last updated Sept. 1, 2011).





n254.  History of the Rural Women's Network, supra note 252.





n255.  Id.





n256.  Id.





n257.  Id.





n258.  Id.





n259.  About the Rural Women's Network, NSW Department Primary Industries,
http://www.dpi.nsw.gov.au/rwn/about (last visited Jan. 3, 2012).





n260.  SOFT is a two-day course during which rural women participate in
workshops on community-based leadership training. Rural Women's Network Projects
and Activities, NSW Department Primary Industries,
http://dpi.nsw.gov.au/rwn/activities (last visited Jan. 3, 2012).





n261.  The Daring to Dream projects publicizes the efforts of "rural women who
are playing key roles as innovators, achievers [or] agents of change within
agriculture, industry, business, community, sport, the arts and natural
resources." Id.





n262.  Australia Fourth and Fifth, supra note 92, P 151.





n263.  Support Services and Help Lines, NSW Department Primary Industries,
http://www.dpi.nsw.gov.au/rwn/support (last visited Jan. 3, 2012). WIRS is a
confidential telephone contact point for women seeking up-to-date and accurate
information about organisations and services for women in NSW. Id.





n264.  Grants, Funding and Scholarships, NSW Department Primary Industries,
http://www.dpi.nsw.gov.au/rwn/funding (last visited Jan. 3, 2012).





n265.  See id.





n266.  History of the Rural Women's Network, supra note 254.





n267.  Id. In spite of its commitment to rural women and their special
circumstances, however, the Victoria RWN relocated first to Ballarat, the third
largest city of Victoria, and, in 1996, to the bustling city of Melbourne. See
id.





n268.  Id.





n269.  Round Two of the Women's Leadership Grants - Year in Review - Working
Closely with Industry, Government, and other Partners, Victoria Department Hum.
Services,
http://www.dhs.vic.gov.au/about-the-department/our-organisation/annual-reports/d
epartment-of-human-services-annual-report-2010-11/year-in-review/year-in-review-
housing (last updated Sept. 15, 2011); see also, e.g., The PACEsetters Project:
Stories, Multicultural Centre Women's Health,
http://www.mcwh.com.au/healthprom/pacesetters_stories.php (last visited Jan. 9,
2012) (presenting stories of immigrant and refugee women's leadership).





n270.  Kim Wilson, Foreword to EDA Rural Sys. Private Ltd., Self Help Groups in
India: A Study of the Lights and Shades, at i (2006), available at
http://www.edarural.com/documents/SHG-Study/Executive-Summary.pdf. This study
examined 214 self-help groups in 108 villages in four states and nine districts
to understand the promotion and operation of self-help groups, how members
related to one another, how groups interacted with their communities, as well as
the effect groups had on their social, political, and economic environments and
vice versa. Id. at ii.





n271.  EDA Rural Sys. Private Ltd., Self Help Groups in India: A Study of the
Lights and Shades 1 & n.2 (2006), available at
http://www.edarural.com/documents/SHG-Study/Executive-Summary.pdf.





n272.  Id. at 5.





n273.  Id.





n274.  See Joy Deshmukh-Ranadive, Women's Self-Help Groups in Andhra Pradesh -
Participatory Poverty Alleviation in Action 3 (2004), available at
http://info.worldbank.org/etools/docs/reducingpoverty/case/82/fullcase/India%20S
HGS%20Full%20Case.pdf (noting that social inclusion and participation in the
political process are also impacted by SHGs); Deepti Umashankar, Women's
Empowerment: Effect of Participation in Self Help Groups 65 (2006), available at
http://www.iimb.ernet.in/microfinance/Docs/Students/women%20empower%20Deepti.pdf
(highlighting that women's participation in SHGs has enabled them to become
prospective leaders in the political field).





n275.  See EDA Rural Systems Pvt Ltd., supra note 271, at 7.





n276.  Id.





n277.  About Us, Self Employed Women's Ass'n, http://www.sewa.org/About_Us.asp
(last visited Jan. 3, 2012).





n278.  Id.





n279.  Id.





n280.  Id.





n281.  Id.; see also Tripp, supra note 82, at 67 ("[SEWA] is an advocacy
organization and at the same time a movement of poor, self-employed women
workers themselves.").





n282.  Ela R. Bhatt, Approaches to Poverty Removal, Self Employed Women's Ass'n,
http://www.sewa.org/Archives_Poverty_Removal.asp (last visited Jan. 3, 2012)
(discussing four-pronged, integrative approach).





n283.  Tripp, supra note 82, at 67 (labeling SEWA's approach "holistic").





n284.  See Bhatt, supra note 282.





n285.  Id.; SEWA Services, Self Employed Women's Ass'n,
http://www.sewa.org/Sewa_Services.asp (last visited Jan. 3, 2012).





n286.  About Us, SEWA Sanskar Kendra,
http://www.sewasanskarkendra.org/About_Us.asp (last visited Jan. 3, 2012).





n287.  Information Dissemination, SEWA Sanskar Kendra,
http://www.sewasanskarkendra.org/Information_Dissemination.asp (last visited
Jan. 3, 2012) (explaining that agricultural inputs are seeds, fertilizer, water
and pesticides. SEWA helps small farmers avoid input loss by providing storage
banks for seed, grain and fodder when possible).





n288.  See SEWA Bharat, 2008-2009 SEWA Bharat Annual Report 40, 72 (2009),
available at http://www.sewabharat.org/annualreport.pdf. In Bhagalpur, SEWA
encourages the silk weaving industry to revive the heritage, while weavers bring
home continuous income. SEWA also trains women in candle making, bag making,
tailoring, embroidery, knitting, painting, and catering. SEWA is developing a
rural business model for organic agriculture with links to corporate investors.
Id. at 72.





n289.  Id. at 44-46. (describing how SEWA capitalized on the heightened
popularity of agarbatti (incense) by establishing a scenting unit called "SEWA
Shram Sugandhit Producer Company" in 2008, while training women in scent rolling
and enabling them to become shareholders in the company).





n290.  Information Dissemination, supra note 287 ("[The SSK disseminated
information about] government schemes on agriculture, poverty alleviation, rural
employment, social safety nets, food for work programs, and livestock related
services").





n291.  Capacity Building, SEWA Sanskar Kendra,
http://www.sewasanskarkendra.org/Capacity_Building.asp (last visited Jan. 3,
2012).





n292.  Id.





n293.  Who Are We, Mann Deshi Mahila Bank, http://www.manndeshi.org/index.html
(last visited Jan. 3, 2012).





n294.  Id.





n295.  Background & History, Mann Deshi Mahila Bank,
http://www.manndeshi.org/history.html (last visited Jan. 3, 2012).





n296.  Id.; Who Are We, supra note 293.





n297.  Background & History, supra note 297; Who Are We, supra note 293.





n298.  Who Are We, supra note 293.





n299.  Id.





n300.  See id.





n301.  Gopika Solanki, A Fine Balance? Multilevel Governance and Women's
Organising in India, in Federalism, Feminism and Multilevel Governance 179
(Melissa Haussman et al. eds., 2010). The program offers opportunities for
feminist activists to interact with officials and politicians at the federal,
state, and district levels. The program is registered as an NGO to maximize its
autonomy at the state level. Id.





n302.  Id. The Royal Netherlands Government initially funded the Mahila Samakhya
Programme, which runs in nine Indian states, as a grant-in-aid. Currently, the
Indian government and the Department for International Development of the United
Kingdom fund the program, with the latter committed to funding it until at least
2014. Id.





n303.  Id.





n304.  Id. at 179.





n305.  Id.





n306.  Id.





n307.  Id. at 179, 181





n308.  Id.





n309.  Saich, supra note 23, at 125-27.





n310.  Id. at 125.





n311.  Id. at 129-32.





n312.  Id. at 135.





n313.  Id.





n314.  Facts and Data, All-China Women's Fed'n,
http://www.women.org.cn/english/english/fact/mulu.htm (last visited Jan. 3,
2012).





n315.  Id.





n316.  See id.





n317.  Id.





n318.  Id.





n319.  Id. Over 60,000 sub-federations operate at or above the township or
neighborhood level; 980,000 women's representatives' committees and women's
committees function at the grassroots-level; and about 5,800 women are local
group members at various levels. Id.





n320.  Id.





n321.  See Multilateral Exchanges, All-China Women's Fed'n,
http://www.women.org.cn/english/english/major/mulitiex.htm (last visited Jan. 3,
2012).





n322.  Id.





n323.  See Saich, supra note 23, at 134.





n324.  See id.





n325.  Id. at 138.





n326.  Id.





n327.  Id.





n328.  About Us: The Cultural Development Center for Rural Women, rural women,
http://www.nongjianv.org/web/english/aboutus/center.html (last visited Jan. 3,
2012).





n329.  See supra note 325 and accompanying text.





n330.  About Us: The Cultural Development Center for Rural Women, supra note
328.





n331.  Id.





n332.  Id.





n333.  Id.





n334.  See supra text accompanying notes 34-38.





n335.  About Us: Cultural Development Center for Rural Women, supra note 328.
Oprah's Book Club Grant Program issued a grant to CDCRW. Oprah's Angel Network,
Beijing Cultural Development Center for Rural Women, Oprah.com (Jan. 1, 2006).
http://www.oprah.com/angelnetwork/Beijing-Cultural-Development-Center-for-Rural-
Women-Angel-Ne.





n336.  About Us: Cultural Development Center for Rural Women, supra note 328;
see also Profiles: Wu Qing, Schwab Found. Soc. Entrepreneurship,
http://www.schwabfound.org/sf/SocialEntrepreneurs/Profiles/index.htm?sname=12920
3&sorganization=0&sarea=0&ssector=0&stype=0 (last visited Jan. 3, 2012).





n337.  Practical Skills Training Center for Rural Women, rural women
http://www.nongjianv.org/web/english/aboutus/school.html (last visited Jan. 3,
2012) (noting that the Training Center for Rural Women empowers women through
teaching practical skills, like hairdressing, waitressing, nursing, elder care,
and computer training, in programs running from five days to three months that
are offered to women, ages 16-19, coming from poor families in rural locales).





n338.  See id. Ambassador Visits Training Center for Rural Women, Ministry
Foreign Aff. Den. (May 13, 2011),
http://www.ambbeijing.um.dk/en/menu/TheEmbassy/News/AmbassadorVisitsTrainingCent
erForRuralWomen.htm.





n339.  About Us: Cultural Development Center for Rural Women, supra note 328.





n340.  See id.





n341.  Id.





n342.  See, e.g., Trust Fund Grantees, UN Women,
http://www.unifem.org/gender_issues/violence_against_women/trust_fund_grantees.p
hp (last visited Jan. 3, 2012) (describing proposal to develop regional sex
education program to inform rural girls in Hubei Province on how to avoid sexual
abuse, in which the Beijing CDCRW proposes to create a community activity center
for girls who are left behind by their parents to go work in urban centers). The
organization has "sponsored two seminars on Rural Women's Development and
Countermeasures, two seminars on Migrant Women's Legal Rights and two seminars
on Rural Women's Participation in Politics as well as many other workshops,
discussion meetings and news releases." Jeff Plantilla, Directory of
Asia-Pacific Human Rights Centers: China Centers, Directory Asia-Pacific Hum.
Rts. Centers, http://hurights.pbworks.com/w/page/11947497/China%20Centers (last
visited Jan. 3, 2012). The CDCRW's newsletter, Seeds, and its website publish
the work produced in these symposia. See id.





n343.  Plantilla, supra note 342.





n344.  See supra Parts I-IV.





n345.  See supra Parts I-IV.





n346.  See Carol Smart, Feminism and the Power of Law 81, 85 (1989).





n347.  See Ferree, supra note 193, at 3, 6-11.





n348.  See id. at 7. But cf. supra note 197.





n349.  It is also consistent with priorities articulated in a working document
associated with the 56th Session of the Commission on the Status of Women, which
will focus on rural women's empowerment: increasing women's presence in the
public sphere. Hill, supra note 27, at 30-31, 36, 38.





n350.  Cf. Ferree, supra note 193, at 11 (distinguishing women's policy
machinery from women's movement as "formally embedded in state or transnational
structures that have institutionalized authority").


                               89 of 90 DOCUMENTS

                THE ESTATE OF LORETTA WILLIAMS, WILLIE DEERING,
           ADMINISTRATOR; THE ESTATE OF ANNIE GRACE WARNSLEY-BESTER,
              WILLIE DEERING, ADMINISTRATOR; THE ESTATE OF KATRINA
           WARNSLEY, WILLIE DEERING, ADMINISTRATOR; AND GENEVA BURKS,
              PLAINTIFFS vs. TOM VILSACK, SECRETARY, UNITED STATES
                      DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE, DEFENDANT

                       CIVIL ACTION NO. 3:15CV407TSL-RHW

           UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF
                         MISSISSIPPI, NORTHERN DIVISION

                           2016 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 7184


                           January 21, 2016, Decided
                            January 21, 2016, Filed

PRIOR HISTORY: Love v. Vilsack, 2014 U.S. App. LEXIS 21799 (D.C. Cir., Nov. 18,
2014)

CORE TERMS: farmers, female, eligible, statute of limitations, settlement,
lending, farm, limitations period, jurisdictional, discrimination claims,
administrative claims, lawsuit, failure to state a claim, class actions,
sovereign immunity, citation omitted, discriminatory, retroactively,
time-barred, gender, subject matter jurisdiction, class certification, basis of
race, dispute resolution, loan programs, civil action, discriminated,
inefficiency, prerequisite, conclusory

COUNSEL:  [*1] For Willie Deering, Administrator of the Estate of Loretta
Williams, The Estate of Annie Grace Warnsley-Bester and The Estate of Katrina
Warnsley, Geneva Burks, Plaintiffs: Cody W. Gibson, LEAD ATTORNEY, CODY W.
GIBSON, ATTORNEY AT LAW, PLLC, Jackson, MS; William Scott Mullennix, WM. SCOTT
MULLENNIX, PLLC, Jackson, MS.

For Tom Vilsack, Defendant: Matthew Joseph B. Lawrence - Federal Gov, LEAD
ATTORNEY, U. S. DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE, Washington, DC; Kristi H. Johnson - Fed
Gov, U. S. ATTORNEY'S OFFICE - Jackson, Jackson, MS.

JUDGES: Tom S. Lee, UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE.

OPINION BY: Tom S. Lee

OPINION


MEMORANDUM OPINION AND ORDER

This cause is before the court on the motion of defendant Tom Vilsack,
Secretary, United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) to dismiss for lack of
subject matter jurisdiction pursuant to Rule 12(b)(1) of the Federal Rules of
Civil Procedure, or, in the alternative, for failure to state a claim pursuant
to Rule 12(b)(6). Plaintiffs Geneva Burks and Willie Deering, as Administrator
of the Estates of Loretta Williams, Annie Grace Warnsley-Bester and Katrina
Warnsley, have responded in opposition to the motion. The court, having
considered the memoranda of authorities, submitted by the parties, concludes
that defendant's motion is well taken and should [*2]  be granted.

Background

Between 1997 and 2000, African--American, Native American, Hispanic, and female
farmers filed four virtually identical class action lawsuits alleging that the
USDA routinely discriminated on the basis of race, ethnicity and gender in the
administration of farm benefit programs and failed to investigate the claims of
farmers who filed complaints with the USDA based on such conduct. Cantu v.
United States, 565 F. App'x 7, 8-9 (D.C. Cir. 2014).1 The first suit, Pigford v.
Glickman (Pigford I), was brought by African-American farmers in August 1997;
Native American farmers filed suit in 1999, Keepseagle v. Veneman, No. 99-03119,
2001 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 25220, 2001 WL 34676944, at *1 (D.D.C. Dec. 12, 2001).
Both cases were certified as class actions, and ultimately, the government
agreed to settle these cases on essentially the same terms. Broadly speaking,
consent decrees entered in each case provided for a two-track dispute resolution
system: "Track A" was designed to provide a "virtually automatic" payment of
$50,000 for farmers who could provide "substantial evidence" of discrimination,
while "Track B" offered claimants uncapped damages if they could prove
discrimination by a preponderance of the evidence. See In re Black Farmers
Discrimination Litig., 856 F. Supp. 2d 1, 33 (D.D.C. 2011); Cantu, 565 Fed.
App'x 7, 8 (D.C. Cir. 2014) (describing Keepseagle settlement and citing
Statement by the President on Settlement Agreement in the Native American
Farmers [*3]  Lawsuit Against USDA (Oct. 19, 2010), http://www.whitehouse.gov /
the-press-office/2010/10/19/statement-president-settlement-agreement-native-amer
ican-farmers-lawsuit).

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

1 As the court explained in Cantu v. United States, Cantu, these lawsuits were
brought after a USDA internal investigation concluded that the agency had
engaged in decades of discrimination and had failed to handle complaints of such
discrimination appropriately, all of which caused minority and female farmers to
lose "significant amounts of land and potential farm income." 565 F. App'x 7, 8
(D.C. Cir. 2014).
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

In 2000, a number of Hispanic and female farmers filed two separate lawsuits
alleging discrimination in the administration of the USDA's farm loan programs.
See Garcia v. Veneman, 224 F.R.D. 8 (D.D.C.) (Hispanic farmers); Love v.
Vilsack, 304 F.R.D. 85 (D.D.C.) (female farmers). The plaintiffs in Garcia and
Love sought to have their cases certified as class actions on behalf of
themselves and prospective Hispanic and female farmers nationwide who were
discriminated against in attempting to obtain farm loans or loan servicing from
1981 to December 31, 1996 and from October 19, 1998 to the present. In both
cases, however, the court denied the plaintiffs' motions [*4]  for class
certification. See Garcia, 444 F.3d 625, 370 U.S. App. D.C. 280 (D.C. Cir. 2006)
; Love, 439 F.3d 723, 370 U.S. App. D.C. 96 (D.C. Cir. 2006). Despite this, in
January 2012, the government established an administrative claims resolution
process for claims of Hispanic and female farmers. However, while the framework
established for these claims "resembled the Pigford and Keepseagle processes in
broad strokes, the Framework differed in several respects, including the absence
of judicial supervision or class counsel, less monetary relief, a more onerous
burden of proof, and relief for a more limited category of claims." Cantu, 565
F. App'x at 9. In light of the differences, the plaintiffs in Love amended their
complaint to allege that the voluntary administrative claims process that the
USDA had established to adjudicate the claims of female and farmers was "more
onerous" than the "claims programs offered to similarly situated
African--American and Native American farmers," and that as a result, female
claimants were thus "unable to compete for a benefit offered by the government
on equal footing with other groups," thus depriving them of equal protection and
due process. The Love court dismissed these claims and that ruling was not
appealed. See Order, Love v. Vilsack, 908 F. Supp. 2d 139 (D.D.C. 2012).
Furthermore, [*5]  several Hispanic farmers brought an action also challenging
the terms of the administrative claims program. See Cantu v. United States, 908
F. Supp. 2d 146 (D.D.C.). The district court initially granted the Government's
motion to dismiss that action, but its ruling was reversed on appeal. See Cantu,
565 F. App'x at 10. A renewed motion to dismiss is currently pending. See Cantu,
No. 11-541 (D.D.C. Nov. 25, 2014).

Plaintiffs' Complaint

With the exception of paragraphs 4 through 10 of the complaint herein, in which
plaintiffs relate their own personal experiences in being denied consideration
for farm loans from the USDA, plaintiffs' complaint in this cause is taken
verbatim from the Love complaint. In paragraphs 4 through 10, plaintiffs allege
that at various times during the 1980s and/or 1990s, each of them went to the
local FmHA office to inquire about obtaining a farm loan from the USDA. Deering
sought a loan in 1983; Burks in 1993; Williams in March 1994; and Warnsley in
April 1997. According to the complaint, each plaintiff "was denied a loan,
without even having the opportunity to fill out the necessary paperwork," and
none was given any reason for the denial. Repeating the allegations of the Love
case, plaintiffs [*6]  allege in Count II that they were denied consideration
for loans on account of their gender, in violation of the Equal Credit
Opportunity Act (ECOA), 15 U.S.C. § 1691(a). Further, in Counts III through V,
plaintiffs allege that the claims administration program the USDA established
for female farmers is itself discriminatory as the terms offered to female
farmers claiming discriminatory lending are less favorable than the terms
offered to African-American and Native-American farmers, in violation of
plaintiffs' equal protection and due process rights and in violation of the
Administrative Procedures Act, 5 U.S.C. § 701, et seq.

The Government's Motion

The Government has moved to dismiss plaintiffs' lending discrimination claims
pursuant to Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 12(b)(1), arguing that the court
lacks subject matter jurisdiction over the claims because they are time-barred.
It contends, alternatively, that dismissal of these claims is in order pursuant
to Rule 12(b)(6) based on the untimeliness of the claims. In the further
alternative, it seeks dismissal of the lending discrimination claims pursuant to
Rule 12(b)(6) on the basis that there is nothing in plaintiffs' allegations
suggesting a plausible basis for the allegation that their efforts to apply for
farm loans were rebuffed [*7]  because of their gender. The Government has also
moved to dismiss plaintiffs' claims of discrimination relating to the USDA's
claims resolution program on various grounds. For the reasons that follow, the
court concludes that plaintiffs have failed to assert a timely complaint of
lending discrimination and this claim will therefore be dismissed. From this, it
follows that they have no standing to challenge the terms of the USDA's claims
resolution program for female farmers, so that their claim of settlement
discrimination will also be dismissed.

Lending Discrimination

The ECOA creates a private right of action against a creditor, including the
United States, 15 U.S.C. § 1691e(a), who 'discriminates against any applicant,
with respect to any aspect of a credit transaction' 'on the basis of race,
color, religion, national origin, sex or marital status, or age' or 'because the
applicant has in good faith exercised any right under this chapter.'" Garcia v.
Johanns, 444 F.3d 625, 629 n.4, 370 U.S. App. D.C. 280 (D.C. Cir. 2006) (quoting
15 U.S.C. § 1691(a)). See also 12 C.F.R. § 202.2(m) (defining "credit
transactions" to include "every aspect of an applicant's dealings with a
creditor regarding an application for credit or an existing extension of credit
including, but not limited to, information requirements; investigation [*8]
procedures; standards of creditworthiness; terms of credit; furnishing of credit
information; revocation, alteration, or termination of credit; and collection
procedures"). "The ECOA thus waived the sovereign immunity of the United States,
permitting suits against the Government for discrimination in the provision of
credit." Ordille v. U.S., 216 Fed. App'x 160, 164 (3d Cir. 2007).

At the time plaintiffs' claims accrued, the ECOA provided a two-year statute of
limitations. See 15 U.S.C. § 1691e(f) ("[N]o such action shall be brought later
than two years from the date of the occurrence of the violation ....").2
Plaintiffs did not file this lawsuit until June 2015, obviously well over two
years after the dates of the credit transactions which plaintiffs challenge as
discriminatory, which dates range from 1983 to April 1997. Thus, if plaintiffs'
claims were subject to that two-year limitations period, they would clearly be
barred. However, in 1998, Congress enacted The Omnibus Consolidated & Emergency
Supplemental Appropriations Act, 1999, Pub.L. No. 105-277, § 741, 112 Stat. 2681
(October 21, 1998), codified at 7 U.S.C. § 2279 note, known as "Section 741,"
which retroactively extended the statute of limitations period to October 21,
2000 if certain requirements are met. Chiang v. Schafer, No. CIV. A. 2000-04,
2008 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 64654, 2008 WL 3925260, at *9-10 (D.V.I. Aug. 20, 2008)
aff'd sub nom. Virgin Island Class Plaintiffs v. Vilsack, 362 F. App'x 252 (3d
Cir. 2010); Ordille, 216 Fed. App'x at 164. Section 741 states, in relevant [*9]
part, as follows:


     (a) To the extent permitted by the Constitution, any civil action to
     obtain relief with respect to the discrimination alleged in an
     eligible complaint, if commenced not later than 2 years after the date
     of the enactment of this Act [Oct. 21, 1998], shall not be barred by
     the statute of limitations.

     (b) The complainant may, in lieu of filing a civil action, seek a
     determination on the merits of the eligible complaint by the
     Department of Agriculture if such complaint was filed not later than 2
     years after the date of enactment of this Act [Oct. 21, 1998].


Pub. L. 105-277, Title VII § 741(a), 112 Stat. 2681-30 (reprinted in 7 U.S.C. §
2279 notes).3 The filing of the class action complaint in Love on October 19,
2000 operated to toll the running of the limitations period (as to any claims
which at that time could have been timely filed); and, in its order denying
class certification, the Love court ordered that the limitations period would be
further stayed for female farmers who would have been putative class members.
That stay remained in effect until June 8, 2015. The present action was filed
June 5, 2015, three days before the stay was lifted. Therefore, if plaintiffs in
this case had filed "eligible complaints" of discrimination, Section 741 would
[*10]  have extended the ECOA statute of limitations as to the violations of
ECOA alleged by plaintiffs, and plaintiffs' complaint would be timely brought.
See Chiang, 2008 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 64654, 2008 WL 3925260, at *9. However,
plaintiffs have not alleged, or undertaken to prove, that any of them filed an
"eligible complaint" within the contemplation of Section 741.4

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

2 Effective July 11, 2011, Congress extended the limitations period for ECOA
claims from two years to five years. See 15 U.S.C. § 1691e(f). That amendment
does not alter the limitations period for claims that had expired before that
date. See Walton v. Wells Fargo Bank, NA, Civil Action No. AW--13-428, 2013 U.S.
Dist. LEXIS 87320, 2013 WL 3177888 at *5 (D. Md. June 21, 2013) ("As a general
principle, claims that would have expired under the previous two-year statute of
limitations cannot retroactively be revived.") (citation omitted).

3


     As the court explained in Ordille v. United States, Section 741 ...
     was enacted in response to the pleas of African-American farmers who
     had suffered years of racial discrimination in USDA programs, but,
     because of a history of inefficiency in the handling of discrimination
     complaints by the USDA, were unable to assert their discrimination
     claims in court pursuant to the ECOA. See Pigford v. Glickman, 206
     F.3d 1212, 1215, 340 U.S. App. D.C. 420 (D.C. Cir. 2000). The USDA has
     explained that, during the 1980s and 1990s, inefficiencies in its
     review of [*11]  civil rights complaints led to the expiration of the
     statute of limitations on claims which had been brought
     administratively within the USDA before the USDA made a determination
     of those claims. See 63 F.R. 67392 (codified at 7 C.F.R. Part 15f).
     The Secretary of the USDA, therefore, "sought the enactment of
     legislation to waive the applicable statutes of limitations for those
     individuals who had filed nonemployment related discrimination
     complaints with USDA alleging discrimination during that time period."
     Id. Section 741 retroactively extended "the limitations period for
     individuals who had filed administrative complaints with the USDA
     between January 1, 1981, and July 1, 1997 for alleged acts of
     discrimination occurring between January 1, 1981 and December 31,
     1996." Garcia, 444 F.3d at 629 n.4 (citing Pub.L. No. 105-277, Title
     VII § 741, 112 Stat. 2681).


216 F. App'x 160, 165 (3d Cir. 2007).

4 The Government contends the requirements of Section 741 are jurisdictional so
that its motion is properly brought under Rule 12(b)(1). It further asserts,
though, that even if the requirements are not jurisdictional, plaintiffs'
lending discrimination claims are subject to dismissal under Rule 12(b)(6) for
failure to state a claim. Of course, on a motion to dismiss under Rule 12(b)(6),
the court may consider only the allegations of the complaint, while on issues
involving jurisdiction, i.e., [*12]  on a Rule 12(b)(1) motion, the court may
consider evidence outside the pleadings and resolve factual disputes. In re The
Complaint of RLB Contracting, Inc., as Owner of the Dredge Jonathan King Boyd
its Engine, Tackle, Gear for Exoneration or Limitation of Liab., 773 F.3d 596,
601 (5th Cir. 2014). A review of cases reflects a lack of consensus as to
whether the Section 741 requirements are jurisdictional. The only circuit court
that has directly addressed the issue has held that "the eligibility
requirements of Section 741 create a jurisdictional prerequisite to the waiver
of sovereign immunity contained in the ECOA". Ordille v. United States, 216 F.
App'x 160, 167 (3d Cir. 2007). A number of district courts have held otherwise.
See Thiel v. Veneman, 859 F. Supp. 2d 1182, 1196 (D. Mont. 2012) (finding that
the defendants should have presented ECOA limitations under Rule 12(b)(6) rather
than Rule 12(b)(1) since the ECOA's statute of limitations is not
jurisdictional); Benoit v. U.S. Dep't of Agric., 577 F. Supp. 2d 12, 21 (D.D.C.
2008), aff'd, 608 F.3d 17, 391 U.S. App. D.C. 95 (D.C. Cir. 2010) (finding that
"while Section 741 specifies, as a prerequisite to its application, the
existence of a particular fact-namely, the filing of an eligible complaint--the
existence or non-existence of that fact was not intended to have jurisdictional
significance") (internal quotation marks and citation omitted); Williams v.
Conner, 522 F. Supp. 2d 92, 99 (D.D.C. 2007) (holding that "[b]ecause the ECOA
statute of limitations is not a condition on the government's waiver of
sovereign immunity, the failure to comply with the statute of limitations is not
a jurisdictional [*13]  failing."). The court need not resolve the issue for
purposes of the present motion, however. Plaintiffs' complaint appears on its
face to be time-barred; and plaintiffs have not alleged that they filed an
eligible complaint or alleged facts from which one could infer that they did so.
They have thus failed to state a claim for relief. See Thompson v. Deutsche Bank
Nat'l Trust Co., 775 F.3d 298, 307 (5th Cir. 2014) (finding that complaint was
properly dismissed for failure to state a claim on statute of limitations
grounds).
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Section 741 only applies to situations in which an "eligible complaint" of
discrimination was filed with the USDA prior to July 1, 1997 for alleged acts of
discrimination occurring between January 1, 1981 and December 31, 1996 in the
administration of, inter alia, a farm loan program. See Garcia v. Johanns, 444
F.3d 625, 629 n. 4, 370 U.S. App. D.C. 280 (citing Section 741(e)); Chiang, 2008
U.S. Dist. LEXIS 64654, 2008 WL 3925260, at *9. To qualify as an eligible
complaint, the complaint must have been in writing and have been unrelated to
employment. See 7 C.F.R. § 15f.4. Plaintiffs' complaint does recite that
plaintiffs "timely complained about USDA's actions." However, as the Government
correctly argues, this allegation is conclusory and insufficient to prevent
dismissal. See Jones v. Alcoa, Inc., 339 F.3d 359, 362 (5th Cir. 2003) (holding
that "conclusory allegations or legal conclusions masquerading as factual
conclusions will not suffice to prevent [*14]  a motion to dismiss.") (citation
omitted). As the Government notes, plaintiffs' allegation "offers no detail
whatsoever and provides no indication that plaintiffs satisfied the criteria for
the limited extension of the statute of limitations" provided by Section 741; or
put another way, plaintiffs do not allege that they filed an "eligible
complaint" with the USDA or allege facts that, if true, would indicate that they
ever filed an "eligible complaint" with the USDA.

As their apparent response to the Government's statute of limitations argument,
plaintiffs merely declare that they "attempted to file a claim with the Black
[sic] Farmers Settlement Litigation"; that their claims were "not adjudicated or
determined by the members of the Black [sic] Farmers Settlement Litigation, and
[that they were] out of time to file a claim" and so they pursued "their only
option which was to file suit prior to the Statute of Limitations expiring." In
support of this argument, plaintiffs have submitted copies of claim forms
purportedly submitted by Willie Deering in 2013 on behalf of the Estates of
Katrina Warnsley, Loretta Warnsley Williams and Annie Warnsley-Bester as part of
the USDA Hispanic & Women Farmers [*15]  and Ranchers Administrative Dispute
Resolution program. Clearly, however, plaintiffs' attempt to participate in the
administrative claims resolution program -- which did not even exist until 2010
-- could not have revived an already-expired lending discrimination claim.

Neither in the complaint, nor in their response, do plaintiffs allege or claim
that they ever filed an "eligible complaint" under Section 741. It appears,
therefore, that their claims for lending discrimination under the ECOA is
time-barred and for that reason, this claim will be dismissed.

Settlement Discrimination

The Government points out that in order to challenge the USDA's administrative
claims procedures for female farmers, plaintiffs must demonstrate that they have
standing to do so. See Ramming v. United States, 281 F.3d 158, 161 (5th Cir.
2001) ("Plaintiffs, as the parties invoking jurisdiction, bear the burden of
demonstrating that the requirements for standing are satisfied."). "To have
standing to sue, the plaintiff must demonstrate injury in fact that is fairly
traceable to the defendant's conduct and that would be redressed by a favorable
judicial decision." NiGen Biotech, L.L.C. v. Paxton, 804 F.3d 389, 396 (5th Cir.
2015) (citing Lujan v. Defenders of Wildlife, 504 U.S. 555, 560, 112 S. Ct.
2130, 2136, 119 L. Ed. 2d 351 (1992)). Here, the Government argues that
plaintiffs have not alleged and cannot establish standing because, among other
[*16]  reasons, they do not allege, and cannot establish, that they were injured
by any alleged difference between the USDA's administrative claims program for
female farmers and the class settlements in Pigford and Keepseagle because they
do not allege and cannot show that they were eligible for recovery under any of
these programs. The Government's argument appears meritorious; and plaintiffs do
not even address, much less challenge, the Government's contention that they
lack standing to pursue their claims for settlement discrimination. Accordingly,
these claims will be dismissed.

Conclusion

Based on the foregoing, it is ordered that the Government's motion to dismiss is
granted.

A separate judgment will be entered in accordance with Rule 58 of the Federal
Rules of Civil Procedure.

SO ORDERED this 21st day of January, 2016.

/s/ Tom S. Lee

UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE

JUDGMENT

In accordance with the court's memorandum opinion and order this date, it is
ordered and adjudged that plaintiffs' complaint in this cause is dismissed with
prejudice.

SO ORDERED this 21st day of January, 2016.

/s/ Tom S. Lee

UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE


                               90 of 90 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    November 18, 1990, Sunday, Final Edition

YOU CAN'T FEED'EM DOWN ON THE FARM;
Even the Farmer's Wife Buys Her Turkey in Town

BYLINE: Carole Sugarman, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FOOD; PAGE F1

LENGTH: 1254 words


On Thanksgiving, most of them won't be churning butter to baste the bird, or
baking fresh bread to crumble into stuffing. Like everybody else, farm women get
their butter from the local supermarket, and either buy bread, or cheat with
Stove Top dressing.

In this age of agribusiness, the celebration of the harvest has turned into a
celebration of the express lane and a last-minute dash for cranberry sauce. With
only 2 percent of the population producing food for the rest of the country --
and most farmers growing only a couple of crops -- the Norman Rockwell image of
a family sitting down to Thanksgiving dinner gathered from its fields barely
exists anymore.

Most farmers don't feed themselves, says Carol-Gay Eikermann, who with her
husband farms about 300 acres of corn, wheat, soybeans and vegetables in
Bourbon, Mo. "They are raw material producers."

"The typical farm family no longer has a poultry flock, or a fruit tree. They
may have a vegetable garden, but after that, most of them buy their milk and
their chickens at the grocery store just like us," says Calvin Beale, senior
demographer at the U.S. Department of Agriculture.  With profit margins so small
for family farmers, many women have been forced to take jobs off the farm. Of
the approximately one million women living on farms, almost 75 percent are
employed in nonagriculture jobs, according to USDA. This percentage has been
growing steadily in the past 30 years, says Beale. (The percentage of women who
are the sole or principal operators of farms is the highest it's ever been, but
at 6 1/2 percent of total farm ownerships, it's still quite small.)

"Particularly with the average farm wife being employed outside the home, this
has contributed to the abandonment of home production. The garden was typically
the domain of the farm wife," he says.

In fact, Eikermann says that since many farm women work in town and don't have
time to cook a roast or preserve vegetables from the garden, they are becoming
ever more dependent on highly processed foods.

Eikermann says she is in the minority, for at the upcoming Thanksgiving dinner
for 18 guests at her home, there will be home-canned or frozen produce from her
garden: broccoli, cauliflower, sweet potatoes, corn, pickles, tomatoes. The only
item Eikermann will purchase is the turkey.

"We take great pride sitting down at a meal and saying, 'only this and this, we
didn't produce.' Many times, it might only be the sugar, salt and pepper. I
wonder how many farmers could put that much of their own food on the table?" she
says.

But even for those women who don't work outside the farm, there aren't enough
hours in the day to get everything done. "I need a wife," says Sandy Greiner of
Keota, Iowa, who lives on a livestock and grain farm with her husband, has three
sons and is president of American Agri-Women, a coalition of farm and ranch
women. Greiner adds that rural women have the same concerns, time constraints
and pressures as their urban counterparts.

"I'm too busy to have a garden," says Greiner, who does have three tomato plants
and an apple tree, but purchases 99 percent of the food her family eats from the
supermarket.

Another reason many farmers no longer produce their own food is that farming has
gotten extremely specialized. USDA figures show that only 4 percent of the farms
in this country are considered "general farms" -- that is, no one class of
commodity produces as much as 50 percent of their gross income.

"Many people specialize in producing only two or three commodities," says Sherry
Saylor, a part-time teacher who lives on a cotton and wheat farm in Buckeye,
Ariz. "But that's not all they eat. It's quite a change from 30 or 40 years ago
when people were producing many, many things."

Fifty years ago, about a quarter of the population was living on farms; in the
late 1800s, more than half were. In those days, people didn't worry about fat
and cholesterol; they worried about having enough to eat to sustain themselves
through hard manual labor.

Meat and potatoes still reign on many farm tables. Yet dietary concerns have hit
some farms at the same time that self-sufficiency is no longer the norm. Helen
Neese, who keeps the books and pays the bills on a New Market, Va., dairy,
mushroom and crop farm, has a husband with high cholesterol. Neese says they
used to raise hogs, from which she would make hams and render lard. They no
longer have the hogs, nor do they have any use for the lard; Neese buys
margarine.

And although the Neeses do raise dairy cows, Helen Neese purchases skim milk
from the store. When egg prices dropped because of cholesterol concerns, the
Neeses lost money two years in a row. Now they raise shiitake mushrooms, and buy
eggs as they need them from the store.

So with their hands out of the pea patch, farm women have been able to get their
hands dirty doing other things. Although there are probably few organizations
for plumbers' wives or lawyers' spouses, there is a multitude of organizations
specifically for farm women -- WIFE (Women Involved in Farm Economics), Farm
Women's Leadership Network and American Agri-Women, to name a few.

While some of these organizations have been around for years, they are assuming
a higher profile these days. And while many of these groups were set up with the
primary purpose of promotion, they are getting more involved in lobbying and
policy issues.

According to Lorraine Harness, president of the National Pork Council Women
(formerly the Porkettes, until the name was changed about six years ago to give
the organization a more professional slant, according to Harness), "I do see a
switch. We are becoming more involved in policy issues, such as animal welfare
and food safety."

Still, their primary focus is developing educational materials for urban schools
("these are the children who ask if hogs are hatched from eggs," says Harness),
visiting other countries to learn about their agriculture and meet with farm
women (or men, in the case of a trip to Japan), and giving speeches to schools,
churches and community groups.

And in this age of environmental concerns, many farm women are going on the
defensive. Like broken records, they are quick to get on their soap boxes: "The
American farmer produces the safest, best and most economical food in the
world," says Neese, who is on the Women's Committee of the American Farm Bureau.
"Farmers are consumers as well as producers. We would not produce food that is
not safe for us to eat. Sometimes the public forgets that we're consumers, too."

Eikermann, who is the secretary-treasurer of the National Family Farm Coalition,
a lobbying group that represents 40 small farmer organizations in 30 states,
begs to differ. "I really think we're doing bad things to our land. I don't
believe that everyone should go 'bingo, organic.' But there needs to be a
serious look at how we can farm without so many chemicals," she says.

Eikermann also objects to farm organizations devoted solely to women. "It's a
concern of mine," she says. "Are women not good enough to be in the organization
that they have to have an auxiliary?"

Women in these groups, however, say that they provide support systems and a
forum for sharing common concerns.

And while policy issues may be more at the forefront for these organizations,
farm women are still consummate promoters. For Washington readers, Harness says
on behalf of the National Pork Council Women, "just tell them to eat pork for
Thanksgiving."


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION, ANDREA WISNEWSKI FOR TWP

TYPE: FEATURE

                       Copyright 1990 The Washington Post
