
                               1 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                           November 14, 2006 Tuesday
                                  Main Edition

Golf course loan was legitimate

BYLINE: F. STONE WORKMAN; For the Journal-Constitution

SECTION: EDITORIAL; EQUAL TIME; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 400 words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture Community Facilities program has provided
financial assistance to allow communities to purchase emergency equipment, build
community centers, hospitals, day care centers, clinics and public safety
buildings.

Community Facilities loans, both direct and guaranteed, have done a great deal
in Georgia to improve the quality of rural life. Projects include a substance
abuse treatment facility in Cuthbert, a replacement hospital in Clinch County, a
combined police and fire station in Blackshear and renovation of the Irwin
County courthouse.

Concerning the Nov. 13 AJC article "$1.8 million bailout" (Page One): The golf
course was eligible for funding, based on our criteria. The applicant submitted
a solid business plan and had proven credentials in the golfing industry.

In addition to our process, the application was reviewed by the lending
institution that made the loan, and USDA brought in an outside market analysis
consultant, a nationally recognized firm, which based its loan analysis on the
data provided by the National Golf Foundation.

The financial projections were studied closely, as were the demographics,
golfing population and other standard indicators. All pointed toward a
successful project. This loan was made on business merits, but even when one
undertakes a rigorous review process, there are risks, and factors external to
the golf course business plan may have contributed to the default.

The property itself was in an area that qualified for a loan guarantee under our
regulations. Rural Development is permitted to make loan guarantees for
recreational facilities to benefit the public. This course was required to be a
public facility, open to all.

The overall default rate for this program is low, and the number of guarantees
made nationwide for a wide range of community facilities is substantial. The 1
percent guarantee fee paid by loan recipients covers projected losses.

While we have provided loan guarantees for eight additional golf courses,
including another one in Georgia, we will look very carefully at any future
requests for guarantees for golf courses.

Rural Americans receive good value for the funds provided as part of our
commitment to the future of rural communities.

* F. Stone Workman is Georgia director of USDA Rural Development.

This column is solicited to provide another viewpoint to an AJC editorial
published today.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2006 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                               2 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          The Johnson Pioneer (Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 26, 2015

USDA Invites Applications For Loans To Fund Community Facility Projects

BYLINE: The Johnson Pioneer staff

LENGTH: 555  words


USDA Rural Development has more than $22 million available in funding to be
dispersed for community facility projects throughout Kansas. Funding is
authorized through the Departments Community Facilities Direct and Guaranteed
Loan Program."USDA provides critical financing to rural Kansas communities to
improve essential services to rural Kansas residents," stated USDA Rural
Development State Director Patty Clark. "With federal financial assistance,
these communities are improving the quality of life for their residents, and
creating communities that will span generations."

USDA Rural Developments community programs enhance the quality of life for rural
Kansans by providing funds to public bodies, community-based non-profit
organizations and Federally-recognized Tribes for essential community facilities
and services. Funds may be used for a wide range of community projects. These
1:. elude, but are not limited to projects such as those which will expand,
improve, or construct:

Education Projects: Schools, libraries, technology upgrades

Health Care Projects: Medical clinics, hospitals, assisted living centers,
mental health facilities, medical equipment, medical transportation

Local Food Projects: Farmers markets, food hubs, summer meals programs

Public Buildings Projects: Courthouses, city halls, police stations, community
centers

Public Safety Projects: Street improvements, sidewalks, storm shelters, storm
sirens, ambulances, fire trucks and equipment, other emergency devices

The Community Facilities Program can make direct and guarantee loans to develop
essential facilities in rural areas and towns of up to 20,000 in population.
Direct loans are available to public entities such as municipalities, counties,
and special-purpose districts, as well as to non-profit organizations and tribal
governments. Loan guarantees are also available to lenders such as banks,
savings and loan companies and other lending institutions for essential
community facilities. In some circumstances, grants may be awarded to smaller
communities.

Applications are now being accepted to fund projects meeting the criteria for
community facility loan, guaranteed loan, and grant programs, as outlined at:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programsservices/community-facilities
-directloan-grant-program/ks

For more information on the Community Facilities Program, contact a USDA Rural
Development Community Program Specialist near your location:

David Barber, Hays, (785) 628-3081, Ext. 1444, david.barber@ks.usda.gov

Michael Billings, Iola, (620) 365-2901, Ext. 1406, michael.billings@ks.usda.gov

Tom Finger, Newton, (316) 283-0370, Ext. 1438, tom.finger@ks.usda.gov

Kevin McCann, Manhattan, (785) 776-7582, Ext. 1409, kevin.mccann@ks.usda.gov

Chelsea Morris, Newton, (316) 283-0370, Ext. 1436, chelsea.morris@ks.usda.gov

Janette Womack, Topeka, (785) 271-2742, janette.womack@ks.usda.gov

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, administers and manages
housing, business and community infrastructure programs through a national
network of state and local offices. Rural Development has an active portfolio of
more than $206.2 billion in loans and loan guarantees. These programs are
designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses,
residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural
America.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JON

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2015 The Johnson Pioneer


                               3 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      February 9, 2004 Monday Home Edition

Loan backed by feds;
Golf course deal one of the first

BYLINE: KEVIN DUFFY

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Business Horizon; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 1236 words


The federal government's Rural Development branch is known for lending money and
doling out grants for health care and public safety facilities in sparsely
populated areas.

Success stories on its Web site include a child care facility in an Iowa town of
3,700 and a health clinic in an isolated Alaskan village.

Less known is Rural Development's loan guarantee program for recreational
facilities, including two upscale public golf courses in Georgia.

Under the program, the feds will guarantee 90 percent of a loan from a private
lender to build or restore a recreational facility --- even a posh golf club
surrounded by luxury homes.

The obscure federal program helped John Boykin of Roswell realize his dream of
owning a golf course. He'd spent 30 years in the golf business as a club
professional and organizer of golf hospitality events with an Atlanta
advertising company.

Last year, Boykin borrowed $6 million from Heritage Bank to buy the former
Whitewater Country Club --- complete with an Arnold Palmer-designed golf course
--- near Fayetteville in Fayette County.

The course, renamed the Palmer Course at Starr's Mill, is part of Whitewater
Creek, a gated community of 306 homes on lots of 1 acre or more. Prices of
nearby houses now on the market range from $439,900 to $699,900.

"I call this a Mercedes neighborhood with a Chevrolet golf facility," Boykin
says.

Boykin bought the 294-acre property from Robert Brooks, chairman of Hooters of
America, the restaurant and airline company. Included in the deal: six tennis
courts, a swimming pool and a 35,000-square-foot antebellum-style clubhouse,
which had fallen into disrepair.

The 8-year-old clubhouse includes a 200-seat ballroom and a winding staircase,
the backdrop for countless prom pictures.

So far, only three golf course projects nationwide have secured the federally
guaranteed loans since the unusual program began in 1999. Two of them are in
Georgia.

The state's other golf course recipient is in Columbia County, just west of
Augusta. A nonprofit community development corporation borrowed $8.8 million
last year to build a championship golf course there. The course, now under
construction, will be part of the future Bartram Trail community, 800 houses on
land bisected by scenic Euchee Creek.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture, which administers the Rural Development
program, is guaranteeing most of both loans, meaning that if either borrower
defaults, the government is responsible for repaying the outstanding debt.

Rural Development doesn't require golf courses to be in needy areas to qualify
for loan guarantees. The program says only that they must be open to the public
and owned by public bodies, private nonprofit corporations or Indian tribes.

Thus, a golf course in a development of high-end houses can be deemed an
"essential community facility" in an unincorporated area or a town of less than
20,000 people.

The government looks at what will improve the quality of life in a rural
location, no matter what the income level, explains Arthur Garcia, administrator
for USDA's Rural Housing, which handles the loan guarantee program for Rural
Development. A golf course creates jobs directly and indirectly, and attracts
businesses and residents, Garcia says.

"We're not in the business of building recreation for high-income folks," he
says. "Our job is to help communities do what they want to do to build vibrant
communities."

Jerry Thomas, director of Rural Development's community programs in Georgia,
says, "Recreation is something the government considers essential to the
development of a community." He predicts that more golf course projects will
seek government help as the program becomes better known. "Word is kind of out
now that we do golf courses," Thomas says.

The default rate for guaranteed loans is less than 2 percent, according to the
USDA. Garcia says ability to repay is the most important factor when deciding
whether to approve a loan guarantee.

When there is a default, the government uses fees paid by borrowers, rather than
tax dollars, to settle the loan, after the facility's assets have been sold off.

Didn't have the money

When Boykin was inquiring about conventional loans to buy the country club in
Fayette County, he was told by lenders that he would have to put up as much as
50 percent cash equity --- money he didn't have without bringing in other
investors. And if he brought in investors, he would be working for somebody
else.

So Boykin formed a nonprofit corporation, Wyant Golf Enterprises, to qualify for
the federal loan guarantee. Holding forth a binder containing 762 pages of
paperwork, Boykin says getting the guaranteed loan took nearly a year.

"I was fortunate to find this," the 51-year-old Roswell resident says. "I wanted
to orchestrate a quality program. And the best way to do that was to take
advantage of a government program."

The guarantee gives the lender, Heritage Bank, greater peace of mind. And only
the unguaranteed amount --- 10 percent of the loan, or $604,000 in Boykin's case
--- counts against the bank's lending limit.

Any profits the nonprofit Palmer Course earns will go to local charities, Boykin
says. In a couple of years, $200,000 to $300,000 a year could be distributed to
the Friday and Asden Johnson Homes for abused children, the Joseph Sams School
for children with special needs and Fayette Senior Services, he says.

The Palmer Course held its first charity event just before Christmas: the Santa
Open, a one-day golf tournament. The event raised $700, and 120 gifts were
donated to needy children.

"The idea is to make the facility more accessible," Boykin explains. "This is
not about John Boykin getting wealthy. This is not about entrepreneurship."

Boykin says he has no intention of eventually selling the course or converting
it to a for-profit business. The facility won't pay income taxes, because
profits are distributed to charity. But it will pay property and sales taxes.

Boykin's salary as the head of a nonprofit organization will become public
information after his first tax forms are complete. Until then he won't disclose
his pay, saying only that it's in line with industry standards.

His loan guarantee application projects that in the first full year of
operation, the Palmer Course will have gross revenue of $3.84 million and
expenses of $3.45 million, leaving a net income of $388,067. The Palmer Course
has 56 employees.

After buying the property, Boykin sold 66 acres --- including eight golf holes
that had been added on to Arnold Palmer's original 18-hole design --- for $1.8
million to fund renovations and create working capital. Boykin is spending about
$1 million to renovate a 270-seat bar and dining area, called Arnie's, and to
install a new irrigation system.

While the work is ongoing, members of the public can pay $45 to $55 to play the
course or plunk down $1,000 to join the club. But when the renovations are
complete in April, the greens fees will increase and so will the membership fee,
to $5,000.

Boykin says that when he succeeds --- with the government's help --- the
community also wins.

"The real story is somebody who had a vision, had the tenacity to see it
through, and is going to do something to improve people's lives in Fayette
County."

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: The Palmer Course at Starr's Mill is part of Whitewater Creek,
an upscale gated community. / MARLENE KARAS / Staff; Photo: An antebellum-style
clubhouse, which had fallen into disrepair, is part of the property that John
Boykin purchased. / MARLENE KARAS / Staff; Photo: John Boykin borrowed $6
million to buy the former Whitewater Country Club.; Graphic: RURAL DEVELOPMENT
The following projects in Georgia have won loan guarantees under the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's Rural Development program. The borrowers are all
nonprofit organizations.

* Fiscal year 1998 (Oct. 1, 1997-Sept. 30, 1998): Bethany Assisted Living Inc.
got a $700,000 loan with an 80 percent guarantee to build an assisted living
facility in Vidalia. Bethany also got a direct government loan of $700,000.

* FY 1999: No guaranteed loans.

* FY 2000: Southwest Georgia Housing Development Corp. got a $600,000 loan with
a 90 percent guarantee to build a personal care and Alzheimer's facility in
Randolph County. Southwest also got a direct government loan of $2.5 million.
Northeast Health Systems Inc. got a $520,000 loan with 90 percent guaranteed to
renovate a community health center in Gainesville and buy equipment. Northeast
also got a direct government loan of $504,271.

* FY 2001: No guaranteed loans.

* FY 2002: No guaranteed loans.

* FY 2003: Bartram Trail CDC Inc. got an $8.8 million loan with 90 percent
guaranteed to build a public golf course in Columbia County.
Wyant Golf Enterprises Inc. got a $6.04 million loan with 90 percent guaranteed
to buy a golf course and make improvements in Fayette County.
Kids Peace National Centers of Georgia Inc. got a $3.6 million loan with 90
percent guaranteed to build a facility for at-risk children in Carroll County.

                Copyright 2004 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                               4 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 8, 2014 Monday

Utah: USDA Community Facilities Loan and Grant Program

LENGTH: 357  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor
USDA Rural Development
Deadlines
Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

For a list of USDA Rural Development State Offices, see
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

The USDA Community Facilities Loan and Grant Program provides loans, grants, and
loan guarantees for essential community facilities in rural areas. Priority is
given to healthcare, education, and public safety projects. Funds may be used to
construct, enlarge, or improve facilities.

Projects that are more typical to receive funding include:

Hospitals
    Health clinics
    Mental health facilities
    Schools
    Fire houses
    Community centers
    Other community-based initiatives

Applicants can apply for one of three options: the Community Facilities Direct
and Guaranteed Loan Program, the Community Facilities Grant Program, and the
Rural Community Development Initiative.
Eligibility

Community Programs provides grants to assist in the development of essential
community facilities in rural areas and towns of up to 20,000 in population.
Grants are available to public entities such as municipalities, counties, and
special-purpose districts, as well as non-profit corporations and tribal
governments.

Loans and guarantees are also available to public entities such as
municipalities, counties, and special-purpose districts, as well as to
non-profit corporations and tribal governments.
Geographic coverage
Nationwide
Amount of funding

Amount varies. Grants are authorized on a graduated scale. Applicants located in
small communities with low populations and low incomes will receive a higher
percentage of grants.
Application process

Applications are handled by USDA Rural Development field offices. For a listing
of field offices, see http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Tagged as
Capital funding, Child care, Community development, Emergency services, Health
information technology, Hospitals and clinics, Long-term care, Schools,
Telehealth

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               5 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Ocala Star-Banner (Florida)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             October 3, 2011 Monday

120-unit facility for seniors possible near I-75

BYLINE: Susan Latham Carr, Ocala Star-Banner, Fla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 552 words


Oct. 03--If the Ocala City Council agrees tonight to participate in a federal
loan guarantee program, it could open the door for the development of Ocala West
Senior Living, a 120-unit facility west of Interstate 75 providing independent
living, assisted living and Alzheimer's care for citizens in the city, Marion
County and Levy County.

Tonight's meeting is the first of two public hearings. The second hearing is
Oct. 18.

White Coral Partners LLC and United Development Communities Inc. are asking the
city to participate in the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development's
section 108 Loan Guarantee program to create the facility. Marion and Levy
counties also are being asked to participate.

The developer wants to build a 100,900-square-foot, multi-story residential care
facility for independent living, assisted living and Alzheimer care for seniors.

The project, estimated to cost $20.1 million, would be built on 7.3 acres west
of Southwest 44th Avenue between State Road 200 and Southwest 20th Street in
Ocala.

What the developer is asking for is $14.38 million in combined community support
comprised of loan guarantees of $1 million from Ocala, $1 million from Marion
County and $12.38 million from Levy County.

According to Marc Mondell, the city's executive director of municipal
development, this will help both Levy and Marion counties provide for low- or
moderate-income seniors.

"Levy County has a greater need for this type of service than they have been
able to provide in their community," Mondell said.

But, because Levy County is small, it is difficult for them to attract a lot of
capital to their community. This HUD project will allow Levy County to offer
this service in a neighboring county.

Nevertheless, residents of Levy, Marion County and the city of Ocala all will be
eligible to utilize the facility, but Mondell could not say Monday how the beds
would be allocated among the city's and the two county's residents.

If Council agrees to the plan and gives final approval on Oct. 18, the city will
pledge 7 percent of its federal Community Development Block Grant money to
guarantee the developer's bank loan. The most the city could be liable for is $1
million over 20 years if the developer defaults on its loan. If the developer
pays the loan, the city will pay nothing.

Like Ocala, Marion County will be obligated for 7 percent of its CDBG dollars
over 20 years. Levy County will be obligated for 86 percent of its CDBG dollars
over the 20 years.

The city also will benefit from the project's investment, Mondell said. The city
will receive about $50,000 a year in taxes and electric usage. In addition, the
developer will complete a portion of Southwest 44th Avenue from Southwest 20th
Street and Saddlebrook Elementary. The city also will be able to apply for other
grants to complete Southwest 44th Avenue to its connection at State Road 200.

Mondell said that, before the Oct. 18 meeting, the Ocala/Marion County's
Economic Development Council's Financial Review Committee will review the two
developers' financial statements to determine their financial strength.

Contact Susan Latham Carr at 867-4156 or susan.carr@starbanner.com

___ (c)2011 the Ocala Star-Banner (Ocala, Fla.) Visit the Ocala Star-Banner
(Ocala, Fla.) at www.ocala.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111003-OA-120-unit-facility-for-seniors-possible-near-I-75-20111003

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OA


                        Copyright 2011 Ocala Star-Banner


                               6 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 5, 2015 Monday

Washington: Treasury Guarantees $327 Million In Bond Funding For Projects In
Low-Income Communities

LENGTH: 918 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: U.S Department of Treasury has issued the following news release:



 The U.S. Department of the Treasury's Community Development Financial
Institutions Fund (CDFI Fund) announced today that an additional nine bond
loans, totaling $327 million, were guaranteed in fiscal year (FY) 2015, bringing
the total guaranteed to date to $852 million. All of the bond proceeds, provided
through the Community Development Financial Institutions Bond Guarantee Program
(CDFI Bond Guarantee Program), will provide long-term, fixed rate capital for
projects in low-income and underserved communities.





 &ldquo;I am very pleased to recognize the CDFIs that are creating new
partnerships and innovative ways to fully utilize the CDFI Bond Guarantee
Program,&rdquo; said CDFI Fund Director Annie Donovan. &ldquo;The program is
reaching diverse organizations and communities across the country, allowing us
to greatly expand access to financing for low-income areas nationwide.&rdquo;



 The CDFIs that participate in the CDFI Bond Guarantee Program are at the
cutting edge of community development finance. The FY 2015 program participants
share an equal commitment to financing a wide range of job-creating and
community-building projects in urban, rural, and Native American communities.



 Three Bonds were issued on behalf of 9 Eligible CDFIs as follows:



     Community Reinvestment Fund, USA issued a $100 million bond on behalf of
Raza Development Fund. Raza Development Fund is headquartered in Phoenix,
Arizona and is the largest CDFI serving the Latino population on a national
basis. Raza Development Fund plans to finance senior living and long-term care
facilities, daycare centers, healthcare facilities, rental housing,
not-for-profit organizations, and charter schools.



     Opportunity Finance Network issued a $100 million bond on behalf of
Clearinghouse CDFI. Clearinghouse CDFI is headquartered in Lake Forest,
California and is the first non-depository CDFI to receive a public rating from
Standard and Poor's. Originally approved in FY 2013, Clearinghouse CDFI is the
first entity to receive multiple bond loans under the program. Clearinghouse
CDFI has expanded its lending from California to Arizona and Native American
communities, and will continue to serve the rental housing and commercial real
estate market.



     Opportunity Finance Network also issued a $127 million bond on behalf of
seven Eligible CDFIs serving urban, rural, and Native American communities in
the most diverse application approved thus far in the CDFI Bond Guarantee
Program. This bond issue includes the following CDFIs:



         [#x200b]Bridgeway Capital, headquartered in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania,
will provide financing to small businesses, commercial real estate, and
not-for-profit organizations in Western Pennsylvania using its $15 million bond
loan.



         Chicago Community Loan Fund, headquartered in Chicago, Illinois, will
provide financing to commercial real estate, rental housing, not-for-profit
organizations, and charter schools in low-income and underserved areas in
Chicago using its $28 million bond loan.



         Citizens Potawatomi Community Development Corporation, headquartered in
Shawnee, Oklahoma, is the first Native CDFI to participate in the CDFI Bond
Guarantee Program and will provide financing for large scale commercial real
estate projects in the Citizens Potawatomi Nation using its $16 million bond
loan.



         Community Loan Fund of New Jersey, headquartered in New Brunswick, New
Jersey, will provide financing for rental housing and charter schools in
low-income and underserved areas in New Jersey using its $28 million bond loan.



         Community Ventures Corporation, headquartered in Lexington, Kentucky,
will provide financing to small business and commercial real estate in Kentucky
using its $15 million bond loan.



         Federation of Appalachian Housing Enterprises, headquartered in Berea,
Kentucky, will provide financing for rental housing in the greater Appalachian
region using its $15 million bond loan.



         Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation, headquartered in London,
Kentucky, will provide financing to small businesses and commercial real estate
in Kentucky using its $10 million bond loan.





 The CDFI Bond Guarantee Program was created through the enactment of the Small
Business Jobs Act of 2010. In the three rounds of the CDFI Bond Guarantee
Program completed to date, Treasury has guaranteed bonds for $852 million
dollars for investment in the nation's most underserved rural and urban areas.
While participants are allowed up to five years to fully deploy bond loan funds,
it's anticipated that borrowers in the FY 2015 round will completely commit
their capital to community development projects by the end of calendar year
2018. This means new jobs, new community and neighborhood facilities, and
enhanced economic opportunities for Americans who need it most.



 The CDFI Bond Guarantee Program was extended until September 30, 2015.  The
President's Fiscal Year 2016 budget proposes to extend the program, subject to
reauthorization by Congress.



 To learn more about the CDFI Fund and its programs, please view the Fact Sheet
or visit the CDFI Fund's website at www.CDFIund.gov.  For more information about
the CDFI Bond Guarantee Program, please view the Fact Sheet[#x200b] or visit the
CDFI Fund's website at www.cdfifund.gov/bond.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusme.com



LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               7 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 21, 2015 Saturday

Washington: Hoeven Announces Nearly $28 Million in USDA Loans to Support Rural
Health Care, Education Facilities

LENGTH: 248 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator John Hoeven has issued the following news
release:



 Senator John Hoeven, who serves on the U.S. Senate Agriculture Committee and
Agriculture Appropriations Subcommittee, announced today that the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development has approved direct loans and
a loan guarantee totaling nearly $28 million for health care and education
facilities in rural North Dakota. The funds are made available through USDA's
Community Facilities program. The details of the loans are as follows:





     Hazen Memorial Hospital Association - An $11.1 million direct loan and a
$10.3 million loan guarantee to construct a new Critical Access Hospital and
clinic.

     Hill Top Home Comfort in Killdeer - A $3.5 million direct loan to construct
a new assisted living facility.

     Cankdeska Cikana Community College - A $3.1 million direct loan to
construct a centrally-located, new Head Start facility.



 &ldquo;We're working to support our communities' efforts to ensure their
residents have a high quality of life,&rdquo; Hoeven said. &ldquo;Access to
essential services, like health care and education, are a vital part of that
effort. Today's loans will support the construction of such facilities in Hazen,
Killdeer and Fort Totten, which will promote the well-being and prosperity of
those communities and the surrounding areas."





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               8 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                              May 27, 2005 Friday

House Bill Seeks USDA Guarantee For Tax-Exempt Rural Water Bonds

BYLINE: Humberto Sanchez

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6 Vol. 352 No. 32142

LENGTH: 398  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Ron Lewis, R-Ky., introduced a bill last week that would change the tax

code to make tax-exempt bonds issued by rural communities eligible for a

federal guarantee by the Department of Agriculture.

"This legislation seeks to reduce the backlog of loans for small

communities to build or improve water, wastewater, and essential community

facilities," according to documents provided by Lewis' office. "Currently,

USDA's Rural Development has an accumulation of $1.8 billion of water and

wastewater applications due to the inability of communities to afford the

full expense of the projects."

The bill would have to be approved by the Ways and Means Committee, which

oversees tax policy in the House. Lewis is a member of the committee.

An aide to tax committee chairman Rep. Bill Thomas, R-Calif., declined to

comment on the measure.

Under federal tax law, tax-exempt bonds generally cannot be backed by a

federal guarantee. The only notable exception is for tax-exempt debt issued

for housing.

Supporters of the measure argue that a USDA guarantee would increase the

lending authority of rural banks, which would be able to offer longer loan

terms and reduced interest rates.

The bill would also decrease rural communities dependence of on federal

funding for water, wastewater, and community facility projects.

"In recent years there has become an increased need for projects in rural

communities to facilitate safe drinking water, adequate water treatment, and

essential community facilities for fire and emergency services," the

documents said. "The ability to obtain a guaranteed tax-exempt loan will aid

these communities in their efforts to build these essential projects."

Federal agencies or instrumentalities are prohibited from guaranteeing

tax-exempt debt under Section 149 of the tax code, but that the code also

names a number of exceptions. Those include certain insurance and housing

programs, and Lewis' bill would add water, wastewater, and essential

community facilities to that list. However, the Treasury Department has

traditionally opposed any guarantees of tax-exempt debt.

The bill comes after the 2002 farm bill authorized the secretary of

agriculture to issue guarantees for the water bonds of rural communities, but

made no change in the tax code to carry out the measure.

Sen. Herbert H. Kohl, D-Wis., introduced a similar bill on January 25.

http://www.bondbuyer.com http://www.sourcemedia.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: b


                        Copyright 2005 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               9 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Ocala Star-Banner (Florida)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 3, 2011 Thursday

City Council votes to approve application to federal loan program

BYLINE: Susan Latham Carr, Ocala Star-Banner, Fla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 601 words


Nov. 03--The Ocala City Council voted 4-1 on Tuesday to apply to participate in
a federal loan guarantee program that could lead to development of a 120-unit
independent living, assisted living and Alzheimer's care facility for citizens
in the city, Marion County and Levy County.

The vote came during a second public hearing on the subject.

The application does not obligate the city to participate. If the application is
approved, the council then will have to decide whether to enter an agreement
with the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development pledging a portion of
the city's federal community development block grant (CDBG) dollars to guarantee
the project developer's loan.

Each year, the city receives CDBG dollars from the federal government to use on
projects such as housing rehabilitation or providing water and sewer to the
underprivileged. If the city elects to go forward with this loan program, any
funds for which the city might become liable would come from these CDBG funds.

Councilwoman Suzy Heinbockel was the dissenting vote.

"I don't believe the city needs to be involved in securing loans," Heinbockel
said Wednesday. "It's not something we have ever done before and I don't think
we need to start."

Developers White Coral Partners LLC and United Development Communities Inc. are
asking the city to participate in the HUD Section 108 Loan Guarantee program so
they can build the Ocala West Senior Living facility, a 100,900-square-foot,
multi-story residential care facility on 7.3 acres west of Southwest 44th Avenue
between State Road 200 and Southwest 20th Street. The project is valued at $20.1
million.

The developer is putting up roughly $5 million, half in cash. The developer is
hoping to get $14.38 million in loan guarantees, including $1 million, or 7
percent, from Ocala; $1 million, or 7 percent, from Marion County; and $12.38
million, or 86 percent, from Levy County. Because Levy County is small and does
not receive CDBG funds, Levy's participation, if approved, would be guaranteed
by the state's CDBG funds.

This program guarantees the developers' loans. If the developers pay their
loans, the city will owe nothing. However, if the developers default, the city
and the others would be responsible for seeing that the loans are repaid.

"The city's maximum exposure is $1 million over 20 years," said Marc Mondell,
the city's executive director of municipal development.

If Ocala participates, the maximum obligation of $1 million would come from
pledging 7 percent, or roughly $50,000, of its annual CDBG funds over 20 years
until the developers' loans are repaid. The money is payable only if the
developers fail to pay their loans.

The city's 2011 CDBG allocation is $442,477. If, for some reason, the city was
no longer eligible for or was not granted CDBG funds, the city would have no
liability.

Levy County would be eligible for 86 percent of the facility's beds and 86
percent of any jobs generated. This is an opportunity for a small community to
have access to such services. Any beds or jobs Levy County cannot fill could be
taken by people from Marion County.

Ocala would benefit by having access to a portion of the beds and jobs, would
collect revenue from property taxes and electric usage, and a portion of
Southwest 44th Avenue between Southwest 20th Street and Saddlebrook Elementary
School would have to be completed by the developer.

Contact Susan Latham Carr at 352-867-4156 or susan.carr@starbanner.com

___ (c)2011 the Ocala Star-Banner (Ocala, Fla.) Visit the Ocala Star-Banner
(Ocala, Fla.) at www.ocala.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111103-OA-City-Council-votes-to-approve-application-to-federal-loan
-program-20111103

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OA


                        Copyright 2011 Ocala Star-Banner


                              10 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            November 13, 2006 Monday
                                  Main Edition

$1.8 MILLION BAILOUT;
Why did feds spend taxpayer money on a golf course in an upscale area?

BYLINE: KEVIN DUFFY; Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1808 words


With its grand clubhouse and 18-hole course that Arnold Palmer helped design,
the former Whitewater Country Club near Peachtree City didn't seem to be the
kind of project that would need help from the federal government.

Yet when a businessman wanted to revive the struggling club, the U.S. Department
of Agriculture, through its Rural Development branch, agreed to guarantee 90
percent of his $6 million loan.

The turnaround plan flopped --- leaving taxpayers on the hook.

The federal government lost $1.8 million after making good on its guarantee and
reimbursing a local bank and four other note holders.

The government closed the book on the sour deal in September, marking the
fourth-largest loss in the loan program's 16-year history.

What was the USDA doing helping a golf course in a Southside enclave where some
homes top $1 million?

Just following the rules.

Loans guaranteed by the USDA are earmarked for "essential community facilities,"
such as nursing homes, schools, hospitals and community centers, according to
the agency's literature. A "success story" on its Web site describes a clinic
built for Eskimos living above the Arctic Circle.

Since 1990, the USDA has guaranteed 553 loans, including those for nine golf
courses --- two in Georgia.

The public, nonprofit courses qualified because the USDA believed they would
provide a boost to the local economy and improve the quality of life. In the
case of the Whitewater Country Club, the owner promised to donate some of the
revenue to local charities.

The USDA doesn't take into account an area's wealth, so Whitewater Country Club
got a guaranteed loan in 2003 --- even though it's bordered by 300 high-end
homes. Less than a year later, the owner defaulted when he couldn't attract
enough players.

"It sounds like to me some people have learned how to scam the system," said
Rep. Lynn Westmoreland (R-Ga.), whose district includes Fayette County. "If you
fill out the forms correctly and all the numbers add up, they're going to do
something. It's a little bit scary."

John Boykin, the former golf instructor and magazine publisher who secured the
loan to buy the country club, declined to discuss the project.

"There's really nothing more to say," the 54-year-old Roswell resident said. "We
made a go of it, and it didn't work."

Heritage Bank, the lender, turned down repeated requests for comment.

Without the guarantee, though, the bank would not have made the loan, according
to USDA documents, some of which were obtained by The Atlanta
Journal-Constitution through the Freedom of Information Act.

"The projections showed the course could make it on its own," said Jack Stanek,
who works for the USDA and handles loan applications. "It just didn't work out
that way."

Unpopular owners

The Whitewater community began more than 20 years earlier through the efforts of
John Blanchard, a Fayetteville dentist, and Joel Cowan, a key figure in
Peachtree City's early development.

In the early 1990s, Robert Brooks, the late owner of the Hooters restaurant
chain, bought the course.

Under Brooks' ownership, the country club was losing members, some of whom had
grown disenchanted with him, according to loan documents and interviews with
residents in the Whitewater community.

Brooks had built a grand clubhouse and another nine holes --- altering the
Palmer design --- but failed to build relationships with the home-owners and
fought their efforts to make Whitewater a gated community.

"He didn't seem to have a lot of friends," said Dave Davis, a retired Delta
pilot who's lived in the Whitewater community for 18 years. "You'd see him up
there eating dinner by himself."

In September 2003, Boykin bought the club from Brooks, who died this past July.
"Just like a chef wants his own restaurant, this is a lifelong fulfillment of a
dream," Boykin said at the time of the purchase.

In his loan application, Boykin said Brooks was one of Whitewater's biggest
problems. "It has often been stated on many occasions 'as long as Bob Brooks
owns Whitewater Country Club, I won't spend a dime there,' " he wrote.

Boykin figured he could woo back the departed golfers, attract new ones and
boost revenue-producing rounds. His resume describes a career devoted to golf:
former editor and publisher of Golf Industry Magazine, inventor of The Scoring
Academy course, owner of the Business Golf International consulting firm, and an
instructor who, during one six-year period, said he taught 200,000 golfers.

The USDA figured Boykin had what it took to make Whitewater a success.

Its loan guarantee was contingent on Boykin forming a nonprofit organization ---
Wyant Golf Enterprises --- and agreeing to open the course to the public and
donate any excess profits to charity.

What went wrong?

The business plan flopped.

Boykin blamed extreme weather, construction delays, stiff competition from three
courses in Peachtree City and the "Delta Air Lines scare" over cutbacks.

Those problems could not have been predicted, the USDA explained.

"It looked like a very good loan for us to do or we wouldn't have done it," said
Stone Workman, the state director of the USDA's Rural Development program.

But Heritage Bank also faulted Boykin's management.

One memo called the financial record-keeping "a disaster." According to
interviews and documents, Boykin, like Brooks, failed to make friends --- a
fatal misstep at a facility that's all about social interaction.

"Members obviously don't want John around and are hard-pressed to recognize
change with him there," the bank's vice president, Benson Freeman, wrote in a
Dec. 23, 2004, memo to the USDA. "I plan on calling John Boykin and encouraging
him to begin spending much less time at the facility."

Retired Delta pilot Herb Summers recalled Boykin's first meeting with
home-owners. "He said, 'Folks, I can make this project work with or without
you,' " Summers said. "That's a heck of a way to start out with a new endeavor."

Boykin made his last loan payment in July 2004 --- less than a year after
getting the money. Later that year, Heritage Bank hired a new management company
to run the course, as the bank tried to find a buyer.

In the summer of 2005, the bank repossessed the course, then sold it to
Canongate Golf Clubs, which owns three courses in Peachtree City and 13 others
across Georgia.

The course, now private and called Whitewater Creek Country Club, is doing well,
according to Ken Guerra, Canongate's vice president for marketing.

"We've had hundreds of new members join," he said. "The rounds are going great."

In a separate deal, the bank also sold Whitewater's swim and tennis facility to
the Whitewater homeowners association.

The proceeds from both sales, however, were not enough to recoup the entire
investment, so the USDA made up most of the shortfall --- $1.8 million.

The money came from institutions that have applied for loan guarantees and paid
a fee --- 1 percent of the guaranteed portion of each loan. Many of those
institutions are public bodies that get their money from taxpayers.

Boykin's loan was the 20th to default since the USDA began its loan guarantee
program in 1990, a failure rate of 3.5 percent. The defaults have cost the
government $16.9 million.

Among the casualties: a hospital in Pennsylvania, an assisted-living facility in
Florida, a community center in Michigan.

Boykin was crushed that his dream of owning a Palmer-designed course had
collapsed, said Jerry Thomas, Rural Development's community programs director in
Georgia.

"This was really devastating to him," Thomas said.

Bill Bozarth, executive director of the government watchdog group Common Cause
Georgia, questioned why the government would lend a hand to a golf club in such
an affluent setting.

"It kind of bothers me," he said, "that a loan guarantee is going to something
that's not eradicating poverty, but to something that otherwise probably is not
economically viable."

AT A GLANCE

THE PROGRAM: The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development branch makes
loan guarantees to build "essential community facilities," such as schools and
fire stations. Sometimes, golf courses qualify.

THE BORROWER: Roswell resident John Boykin, who has spent his entire career in
golf, wanted to buy the Whitewater Country Club in Fayette County but couldn't
get a loan without the government's help. Less than a year after getting the
loan, Boykin defaulted.

THE LOSERS: Taxpayers. The USDA reimbursed the note holders, losing $1.8 million
--- one of the largest losses in the program's history.

GEORGIA PROJECTS

Ten facilities have received guaranteed loans totaling more than $25 million
over the past 16 years.

FY*....Project..............................Loan

1991 ..Bethany (Nursing) Home, Millen ......$750,000

1993 ..Taylor Regional Hospital

.......(expansion), Hawkinsville............$2.63 million

1997 ..Bethany (Nursing) Home ..............$425,000

1997 ..Evans Memorial Hospital

.......(expansion), Claxton ................$1 million

1998 ..Bethany Assisted Living, Vidalia ....$700,000

2000 ..Southwest Georgia Housing

.......Development Corp. (personal

.......care facility), Cuthbert ............$600,000

2000 ..Northeast Health System

.......(health center), Barrow County ......$520,000

2003 ..Bartram Trail Community

.......Development Corp. (golf course),

.......Columbia County......................$8.8 million

2003 ..Wyant Golf Enterprises ..............$6.04 million

2003 ..KidsPeace National Centers of

.......Georgia (treatment facility),

.......Bowdon ..............................$3.6 million

* October through September

Source: U.S. Department of Agriculture

LOAN LOSERS

Twenty guaranteed loan projects have defaulted, for a total loss of $16.9
million.

STATE ............FACILITY............LOSS..........YEAR

Pennsylvania......Hospital............$3,345,752....2003

Pennsylvania......Nursing home........$2,227,208....2004

Florida ..........Assisted living ....$2,040,009....2002

Georgia ..........Golf course ........$1,809,582....2006

New Jersey........Museum..............$1,710,872....2004

West Virginia ....Nursing home........$1,493,398....1997

North Carolina....Assisted living ....$1,067,280....2003

Oklahoma..........Home health care....$937,660......2004

California........Hospital............$758,920......2003

Maine ............Assisted living ....$565,203......2004

Iowa..............Park................$484,176......2002

Minnesota ........Jail................$181,012......2001

Michigan..........Community center....$74,982 ......2000

Louisiana ........Child day care......$52,322 ......2004

Louisiana ........Child day care......$51,945 ......2004

Arkansas..........School..............$43,248 ......2003

Arizona ..........School..............$33,372 ......2005

California........Group home..........$24,625 ......2003

Missouri..........Group home..........$24,571 ......2003

New Hampshire ....School..............$17,501 ......2003

Source: U.S. Department of Agriculture

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: MARLENE KARAS / StaffJohn Boykin couldn't make a go of the club.
Documents show he was unpopular with homeowners.
Photo: W.A. BRIDGES JR. / StaffWhen a U.S. agency backed the purchase of
Whitewater Country Club, a lot of dollars went down the hole.
Map: SHANNON PEAVY / Staff Map pinpoints location of Whitewater Creek Country
Club. Inset map outlines area of detail in Fayette County.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2006 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              11 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Agriculture Department Mortgage Plan Helps In Meeting CRA Goals

                            April 20, 1995, Thursday

By ROBYN MEREDITH

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Banks looking to make safer rural loans - and get credit toward Community
Reinvestment Act goals to boot - can turn to a federal loan guarantee program.

The Department of Agriculture runs the popular program, which spurs
homeownership by extending guarantees on loans to poor and working-class rural
residents. Last year, $725 million worth of those loans were supported by the
guarantees. This year the plan is to support $1.04 billion in such loans.

The nation's 20,000 banks and bank branches outside metropolitan areas may find
it particularly useful. The loan guarantees are administered by the USDA's Rural
Housing and Community Development Service, formerly known as the Farmers Home
Administration.

"We look at it as a great way to serve a wider range of rural housing needs,"
said Maureen A. Kennedy, administrator of the service. "The kinds of projects
that we are talking about would all qualify for the Community Reinvestment Act"

The service has two main programs that push credit into rural communities.

The first is its section 502 plan, which provides 90% guarantees for home loans.
The second is its "community facilities loan program," which last year supported
roughly $30 million in loans for rural hospitals, jails, street-paving, and
other public facilities with a government guarantee on 80% of the loan.

Would-be homebuyers who earn 80% to 115% of their community's median income are
eligible for section 502 loans. The USDA guarantees 90% of the loan amount, and
the bank takes the risk on the other 10%. Lenders may make loans for up to the
full value of the house.

"There are plenty of people with low to moderate income that don't have a
$10,000 down payment to buy a home," said former community banker Jan Shadburn,
who is now acting Florida director for the USDA housing service. He said the
guarantees give banks a "comfort zone" on loans they might not ordinarily make.

"In any state, this is a tremendous asset for lenders to be able to participate
in their community and minimize their risk at the same time," said Mr. Shadburn,
formerly an executive vice president at Marianna, Fla.- based Citizens Bank.

Some bankers might be leery of turning to Washington for help making loans in
their own backyards. But the American Bankers Association praised the USDA
program.

"They have done a tremendous job of making it work for bankers," said John
Blanchfield, the ABA's associate director for agriculture and small business
banking. "It has been remarkably free of bureaucracy."

"We've got to be taking our cue from the private sector," said the USDA's Ms.
Kennedy. "We can't say, 'Look, here are our rules - follow them or else forget
it.' We need to be saying, 'What do you need from us?'"

In fact, the rural housing service will be meeting with banks, investment banks,
and others over the next two months to collect their suggestions on how to
improve service.

Nearly 1,000 participating banks get market returns on safe loans through the
program and score points with their regulators under the Community Reinvestment
Act. The average rural housing service home loan is for $61,000, according to
the USDA.

For their loans to qualify for the USDA guarantees, banks must register with the
agency and agree to follow conventional lending practices on qualifying loans.
That process can take less than a month.

The USDA housing service has 7,000 staffers in county offices across the
country. Banks wishing to participate start by contacting the state office of
the service to find the nearest local office.

"We have the expertise in holding the banks' hands," Mr. Shadburn said.
Sometimes real estate agents do the legwork in finding loan customers.
"Generally what we do is set it up through a realtor doing the packaging" of
moderate income loans, Mr. Shadburn said.

Three hundred Florida lenders used the mortgage guarantee program to make $45
million in loans last year, he said. Banks can hold them in portfolio or sell
them into an active secondary market.

In addition to the guaranteed loan programs, the USDA also runs a small pilot
program in some parts of the country that provides added leverage to its rural
housing subsidies.

In Florida, Iowa, Minnesota, Tennessee, Ohio, and Wyoming, banks can lend 50% of
the total amount, while the USDA lends the other 50%. Although there is no
Federal guarantee on the bank's portion of the loan, the USDA takes a
subordinate stake in the loan to lower the bank's risks.

The Rural Housing and Community Development Service also provides direct loans
to low-income rural households and communities - $1.8 billion in such loans last
year. It also runs other programs that do not directly involve banks.

SECTION: WASHINGTON; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 786 words

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: includes chart

                      Copyright 1995 American Banker, Inc.


                              12 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 9, 2014 Tuesday

Nevada: USDA Announces Loan Guarantee to Help Innovative Company Turn Waste Into
Renewable Jet Fuel

LENGTH: 682  words

DATELINE: Carson City


The State of Nevada has issued the following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA has closed on a loan
guarantee to Fulcrum Sierra Biofuels, LLC to build a biorefinery to produce jet
fuel from municipal solid waste.

"This represents a huge step forward in the development of clean, renewable,
job-creating American fuels," Vilsack said during a speech at the National Clean
Energy Conference. "The nation is entering a new energy age that will make us
more energy independent, cut carbon pollution and strengthen our economy,
especially in rural communities where clean fuels will be produced."

USDA is awarding Fulcrum a $105 million Biorefinery Assistance Program loan
guarantee through Bank of America, N.A. to construct a facility in McCarran,
Nev., to convert municipal solid waste to biodiesel jet fuel. USDA Rural
Development's loan guarantee represents less than half of the $266 million
project cost. The plant is expected to produce 11 million gallons of fuel
annually.

This is the first loan guarantee USDA has made for the production of bio jet
fuel.

Fulcrum will produce synthesis gas from 147,000 tons of municipal solid waste
and catalytically convert it to synthetic paraffinic kerosene/jet fuel through a
proprietary technology. The plant will be the first of what the company expects
to be several bio jet fuel plants throughout the country.

Last month, Cathay Pacific Airways announced that it is investing in Fulcrum
Bioenergy Inc., the parent company of Fulcrum Sierra BioFuels, LLC, and has
negotiated a long-term supply agreement with Fulcrum for 375 million gallons of
sustainable aviation fuel over 10 years. This would represent about 2 percent of
the airline's annual fuel consumption.

USDA awarded the first loan guarantee in 2009 to Sapphire Energy in New Mexico.
Sapphire has already paid off its $54.5 million loan guarantee. The program's
current portfolio includes Fremont Community Digester, located in Fremont,
Mich., which received a $12.8 million loan in 2011 to convert food and
agricultural waste to biogas that is used as fuel to generate electricity. INEOS
New Plant Bioenergy, located in Vero Beach, Fla., received a $75 million loan in
2011 to produce cellulosic ethanol from woody biomass and municipal solid waste.

USDA is negotiating three additional loans for biorefineries in Iowa, North
Carolina and Oregon. These loans would provide financing to produce renewable
fuels from woody biomass, municipal solid waste and energy grasses such as
switch grass, miscanthus and arundo donax. One of these ventures will retrofit
an existing corn ethanol facility to produce cellulosic ethanol.

Biorefineries have broad economic and environmental implications. They lower
greenhouse gas emissions, reduce dependence on foreign oil, give businesses and
consumers more energy options and create jobs.

Congress established the Biorefinery Assistance Program in the 2008 Farm Bill.
It reauthorized and extended the program in the 2014 Farm Bill. The 2014 Bill
expands the program to include bio-based renewable chemicals and bio-based
product manufacturing. USDA staff are working on regulations to set forth
upcoming application terms for additional loan guarantees under the program.

The 2014 Farm Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the
past five years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in
savings for taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to
implement each provision of this critical legislation, including providing
disaster relief to farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools;
expanding access to rural credit; funding critical research; establishing
innovative public-private conservation partnerships; developing new markets for
rural-made products; and investing in infrastructure, housing and community
facilities to help improve the quality of life in rural America. For more
information, visit www.usda.gov/farmbill.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 8, 2014 Monday

Nevada: USDA Announces Loan Guarantee to Help Innovative Company Turn Waste Into
Renewable Jet Fuel

LENGTH: 682  words

DATELINE: Carson City


The State of Nevada has issued the following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA has closed on a loan
guarantee to Fulcrum Sierra Biofuels, LLC to build a biorefinery to produce jet
fuel from municipal solid waste.

"This represents a huge step forward in the development of clean, renewable,
job-creating American fuels," Vilsack said during a speech at the National Clean
Energy Conference. "The nation is entering a new energy age that will make us
more energy independent, cut carbon pollution and strengthen our economy,
especially in rural communities where clean fuels will be produced."

USDA is awarding Fulcrum a $105 million Biorefinery Assistance Program loan
guarantee through Bank of America, N.A. to construct a facility in McCarran,
Nev., to convert municipal solid waste to biodiesel jet fuel. USDA Rural
Development's loan guarantee represents less than half of the $266 million
project cost. The plant is expected to produce 11 million gallons of fuel
annually.

This is the first loan guarantee USDA has made for the production of bio jet
fuel.

Fulcrum will produce synthesis gas from 147,000 tons of municipal solid waste
and catalytically convert it to synthetic paraffinic kerosene/jet fuel through a
proprietary technology. The plant will be the first of what the company expects
to be several bio jet fuel plants throughout the country.

Last month, Cathay Pacific Airways announced that it is investing in Fulcrum
Bioenergy Inc., the parent company of Fulcrum Sierra BioFuels, LLC, and has
negotiated a long-term supply agreement with Fulcrum for 375 million gallons of
sustainable aviation fuel over 10 years. This would represent about 2 percent of
the airline's annual fuel consumption.

USDA awarded the first loan guarantee in 2009 to Sapphire Energy in New Mexico.
Sapphire has already paid off its $54.5 million loan guarantee. The program's
current portfolio includes Fremont Community Digester, located in Fremont,
Mich., which received a $12.8 million loan in 2011 to convert food and
agricultural waste to biogas that is used as fuel to generate electricity. INEOS
New Plant Bioenergy, located in Vero Beach, Fla., received a $75 million loan in
2011 to produce cellulosic ethanol from woody biomass and municipal solid waste.

USDA is negotiating three additional loans for biorefineries in Iowa, North
Carolina and Oregon. These loans would provide financing to produce renewable
fuels from woody biomass, municipal solid waste and energy grasses such as
switch grass, miscanthus and arundo donax. One of these ventures will retrofit
an existing corn ethanol facility to produce cellulosic ethanol.

Biorefineries have broad economic and environmental implications. They lower
greenhouse gas emissions, reduce dependence on foreign oil, give businesses and
consumers more energy options and create jobs.

Congress established the Biorefinery Assistance Program in the 2008 Farm Bill.
It reauthorized and extended the program in the 2014 Farm Bill. The 2014 Bill
expands the program to include bio-based renewable chemicals and bio-based
product manufacturing. USDA staff are working on regulations to set forth
upcoming application terms for additional loan guarantees under the program.

The 2014 Farm Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the
past five years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in
savings for taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to
implement each provision of this critical legislation, including providing
disaster relief to farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools;
expanding access to rural credit; funding critical research; establishing
innovative public-private conservation partnerships; developing new markets for
rural-made products; and investing in infrastructure, housing and community
facilities to help improve the quality of life in rural America. For more
information, visit www.usda.gov/farmbill.

#

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 5, 2014 Friday

Nevada: USDA Announces Loan Guarantee to Help Innovative Company Turn Waste Into
Renewable Jet Fuel

LENGTH: 683  words

DATELINE: Carson City


The State of Nevada has issued the following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA has closed on a loan
guarantee to Fulcrum Sierra Biofuels, LLC to build a biorefinery to produce jet
fuel from municipal solid waste.

"This represents a huge step forward in the development of clean, renewable,
job-creating American fuels," Vilsack said during a speech at the National Clean
Energy Conference. "The nation is entering a new energy age that will make us
more energy independent, cut carbon pollution and strengthen our economy,
especially in rural communities where clean fuels will be produced."

USDA is awarding Fulcrum a $105 million Biorefinery Assistance Program loan
guarantee through Bank of America, N.A. to construct a facility in McCarran,
Nev., to convert municipal solid waste to biodiesel jet fuel. USDA Rural
Development's loan guarantee represents less than half of the $266 million
project cost. The plant is expected to produce 11 million gallons of fuel
annually.

This is the first loan guarantee USDA has made for the production of bio jet
fuel.

Fulcrum will produce synthesis gas from 147,000 tons of municipal solid waste
and catalytically convert it to synthetic paraffinic kerosene/jet fuel through a
proprietary technology. The plant will be the first of what the company expects
to be several bio jet fuel plants throughout the country.

Last month, Cathay Pacific Airways announced that it is investing in Fulcrum
Bioenergy Inc., the parent company of Fulcrum Sierra BioFuels, LLC, and has
negotiated a long-term supply agreement with Fulcrum for 375 million gallons of
sustainable aviation fuel over 10 years. This would represent about 2 percent of
the airline's annual fuel consumption.

USDA awarded the first loan guarantee in 2009 to Sapphire Energy in New Mexico.
Sapphire has already paid off its $54.5 million loan guarantee. The program's
current portfolio includes Fremont Community Digester, located in Fremont,
Mich., which received a $12.8 million loan in 2011 to convert food and
agricultural waste to biogas that is used as fuel to generate electricity. INEOS
New Plant Bioenergy, located in Vero Beach, Fla., received a $75 million loan in
2011 to produce cellulosic ethanol from woody biomass and municipal solid waste.

USDA is negotiating three additional loans for biorefineries in Iowa, North
Carolina and Oregon. These loans would provide financing to produce renewable
fuels from woody biomass, municipal solid waste and energy grasses such as
switch grass, miscanthus and arundo donax. One of these ventures will retrofit
an existing corn ethanol facility to produce cellulosic ethanol.

Biorefineries have broad economic and environmental implications. They lower
greenhouse gas emissions, reduce dependence on foreign oil, give businesses and
consumers more energy options and create jobs.

Congress established the Biorefinery Assistance Program in the 2008 Farm Bill.
It reauthorized and extended the program in the 2014 Farm Bill. The 2014 Bill
expands the program to include bio-based renewable chemicals and bio-based
product manufacturing. USDA staff are working on regulations to set forth
upcoming application terms for additional loan guarantees under the program.

The 2014 Farm Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the
past five years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in
savings for taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to
implement each provision of this critical legislation, including providing
disaster relief to farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools;
expanding access to rural credit; funding critical research; establishing
innovative public-private conservation partnerships; developing new markets for
rural-made products; and investing in infrastructure, housing and community
facilities to help improve the quality of life in rural America. For more
information, visit www.usda.gov/farmbill.

#

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 5, 2014 Friday

Nevada: USDA Announces Loan Guarantee to Help Innovative Company Turn Waste Into
Renewable Jet Fuel

LENGTH: 682  words

DATELINE: Carson City


The State of Nevada has issued the following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA has closed on a loan
guarantee to Fulcrum Sierra Biofuels, LLC to build a biorefinery to produce jet
fuel from municipal solid waste.

"This represents a huge step forward in the development of clean, renewable,
job-creating American fuels," Vilsack said during a speech at the National Clean
Energy Conference. "The nation is entering a new energy age that will make us
more energy independent, cut carbon pollution and strengthen our economy,
especially in rural communities where clean fuels will be produced."

USDA is awarding Fulcrum a $105 million Biorefinery Assistance Program loan
guarantee through Bank of America, N.A. to construct a facility in McCarran,
Nev., to convert municipal solid waste to biodiesel jet fuel. USDA Rural
Development's loan guarantee represents less than half of the $266 million
project cost. The plant is expected to produce 11 million gallons of fuel
annually.

This is the first loan guarantee USDA has made for the production of bio jet
fuel.

Fulcrum will produce synthesis gas from 147,000 tons of municipal solid waste
and catalytically convert it to synthetic paraffinic kerosene/jet fuel through a
proprietary technology. The plant will be the first of what the company expects
to be several bio jet fuel plants throughout the country.

Last month, Cathay Pacific Airways announced that it is investing in Fulcrum
Bioenergy Inc., the parent company of Fulcrum Sierra BioFuels, LLC, and has
negotiated a long-term supply agreement with Fulcrum for 375 million gallons of
sustainable aviation fuel over 10 years. This would represent about 2 percent of
the airline's annual fuel consumption.

USDA awarded the first loan guarantee in 2009 to Sapphire Energy in New Mexico.
Sapphire has already paid off its $54.5 million loan guarantee. The program's
current portfolio includes Fremont Community Digester, located in Fremont,
Mich., which received a $12.8 million loan in 2011 to convert food and
agricultural waste to biogas that is used as fuel to generate electricity. INEOS
New Plant Bioenergy, located in Vero Beach, Fla., received a $75 million loan in
2011 to produce cellulosic ethanol from woody biomass and municipal solid waste.

USDA is negotiating three additional loans for biorefineries in Iowa, North
Carolina and Oregon. These loans would provide financing to produce renewable
fuels from woody biomass, municipal solid waste and energy grasses such as
switch grass, miscanthus and arundo donax. One of these ventures will retrofit
an existing corn ethanol facility to produce cellulosic ethanol.

Biorefineries have broad economic and environmental implications. They lower
greenhouse gas emissions, reduce dependence on foreign oil, give businesses and
consumers more energy options and create jobs.

Congress established the Biorefinery Assistance Program in the 2008 Farm Bill.
It reauthorized and extended the program in the 2014 Farm Bill. The 2014 Bill
expands the program to include bio-based renewable chemicals and bio-based
product manufacturing. USDA staff are working on regulations to set forth
upcoming application terms for additional loan guarantees under the program.

The 2014 Farm Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the
past five years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in
savings for taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to
implement each provision of this critical legislation, including providing
disaster relief to farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools;
expanding access to rural credit; funding critical research; establishing
innovative public-private conservation partnerships; developing new markets for
rural-made products; and investing in infrastructure, housing and community
facilities to help improve the quality of life in rural America. For more
information, visit www.usda.gov/farmbill.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 4, 2014 Thursday

Nevada: USDA Announces Loan Guarantee to Help Innovative Company Turn Waste Into
Renewable Jet Fuel

LENGTH: 682  words

DATELINE: Carson City


The State of Nevada has issued the following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA has closed on a loan
guarantee to Fulcrum Sierra Biofuels, LLC to build a biorefinery to produce jet
fuel from municipal solid waste.

"This represents a huge step forward in the development of clean, renewable,
job-creating American fuels," Vilsack said during a speech at the National Clean
Energy Conference. "The nation is entering a new energy age that will make us
more energy independent, cut carbon pollution and strengthen our economy,
especially in rural communities where clean fuels will be produced."

USDA is awarding Fulcrum a $105 million Biorefinery Assistance Program loan
guarantee through Bank of America, N.A. to construct a facility in McCarran,
Nev., to convert municipal solid waste to biodiesel jet fuel. USDA Rural
Development's loan guarantee represents less than half of the $266 million
project cost. The plant is expected to produce 11 million gallons of fuel
annually.

This is the first loan guarantee USDA has made for the production of bio jet
fuel.

Fulcrum will produce synthesis gas from 147,000 tons of municipal solid waste
and catalytically convert it to synthetic paraffinic kerosene/jet fuel through a
proprietary technology. The plant will be the first of what the company expects
to be several bio jet fuel plants throughout the country.

Last month, Cathay Pacific Airways announced that it is investing in Fulcrum
Bioenergy Inc., the parent company of Fulcrum Sierra BioFuels, LLC, and has
negotiated a long-term supply agreement with Fulcrum for 375 million gallons of
sustainable aviation fuel over 10 years. This would represent about 2 percent of
the airline's annual fuel consumption.

USDA awarded the first loan guarantee in 2009 to Sapphire Energy in New Mexico.
Sapphire has already paid off its $54.5 million loan guarantee. The program's
current portfolio includes Fremont Community Digester, located in Fremont,
Mich., which received a $12.8 million loan in 2011 to convert food and
agricultural waste to biogas that is used as fuel to generate electricity. INEOS
New Plant Bioenergy, located in Vero Beach, Fla., received a $75 million loan in
2011 to produce cellulosic ethanol from woody biomass and municipal solid waste.

USDA is negotiating three additional loans for biorefineries in Iowa, North
Carolina and Oregon. These loans would provide financing to produce renewable
fuels from woody biomass, municipal solid waste and energy grasses such as
switch grass, miscanthus and arundo donax. One of these ventures will retrofit
an existing corn ethanol facility to produce cellulosic ethanol.

Biorefineries have broad economic and environmental implications. They lower
greenhouse gas emissions, reduce dependence on foreign oil, give businesses and
consumers more energy options and create jobs.

Congress established the Biorefinery Assistance Program in the 2008 Farm Bill.
It reauthorized and extended the program in the 2014 Farm Bill. The 2014 Bill
expands the program to include bio-based renewable chemicals and bio-based
product manufacturing. USDA staff are working on regulations to set forth
upcoming application terms for additional loan guarantees under the program.

The 2014 Farm Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the
past five years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in
savings for taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to
implement each provision of this critical legislation, including providing
disaster relief to farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools;
expanding access to rural credit; funding critical research; establishing
innovative public-private conservation partnerships; developing new markets for
rural-made products; and investing in infrastructure, housing and community
facilities to help improve the quality of life in rural America. For more
information, visit www.usda.gov/farmbill.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Federally Guaranteed Health Bonds Proposed In Bill From Rep. Stark

                            March 22, 1994, Tuesday

Joan Pryde

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Buried in Rep. Fortney Stark's health care reform legislation is a provision
that would permit federally guaranteed tax exempt bonds to be issued for certain
health care institutions, according to government and legal sources who have
examined the bill.

Those sources said they were surprised by the California Democrat's plan because
Congress has killed nearly all proposals to waive the prohibition against
federal guarantees for tax-exempt bonds in the 10 years that the prohibition has
been in effect.

Stark's proposal appears to be designed to help health care facilities with
marginal credit ratings gain access to the debt markets, the sources said. Aides
to Stark could not be reached for comment.

Stark is one of the key players in the health reform process, because he chairs
the House Ways and Means Committee's health subcommittee. Several weeks ago,
Rep. Dan Rostenkowski, D-Ill., the chairman of the full committee, called on
Stark's panel to prepare a health care reform proposal that the full committee
could work from in debating the issue.

The subcommittee is now in its second week of debate on a comprehensive package
proposed by Stark. Over all, the measure would require all citizens to carry
health insurance, with most of the cost borne by employers. The bill would also
create a new program to provide insurance for the poor and for anyone not
covered by their employers.

The guarantees for bonds are proposed in a section of Stark's bill that would
create an Essential Community Provider program, to "facilitate the organization
and delivery of primary, preventive, and acute care services for medically
underserved populations in urban areas by fostering networks of essential
community providers."

Under the program, the federal government would offer grants to states,
localities, and health care facilities to set up the networks and build new
health care facilities in the underserved areas.

The government would also offer loans, loan guarantees, and interest rate
subsidies for health care facility projects that involve tax-exempt bond
financing. Under current law such pledges of federal support amount to a federal
guarantee of tax-exempt debt.

"Interest subsidies would be available to reduce the cost of financing
qualifying projects by providing partial federal subsidy of debt service
payments where state and local entities have issued bonds," the bill's
description states.

To obtain credit support from the federal government, "facilities would be
required to demonstrate that a federal loan guarantee is essential to obtaining
bond financing from non-federal lenders at a reasonably affordable rate of
interest," according to the bill's description.

A bond lawyer who examined the proposal said, "What I read this to say is that
there will be loans, loan guarantees, or tax-exempt financing provided with some
sort of credit support for health care facilities who wouldn't otherwise have
access to the market."

Micah S. Green, the executive vice president of the Public Securities
Association, said, "It's encouraging that Mr. Stark in his proposal to the
subcommittee is looking to the capital markets to play a role" in reducing the
cost of financing for health care facilities.

"The combination of loan guarantees and interest rate subsidies with municipal
bonds is an intriguing idea, particularly in this time of interest rate
fluctuation," Green added.

The legislation proposes to amend the Internal Revenue Code so that the bonds
would be exempted from a law enacted in 1984 that prohibits, in most cases,
federal guarantees of tax-exempt debt.

At the time, Congress granted two exemptions to the prohibition on guarantees,
one for housing bonds and the other for student loan bonds. Since then,
lawmakers have steadfastly declined to grant any other exemptions.

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 642 words

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1994 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                              18 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                   November 3, 1994, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Track seeks loan guarantee

BYLINE: MIKE SADAVA AND MARTA GOLD, EDMONTON JOURNAL

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 517 words


Province to review Edmonton Northlands plans for new casino, updated grandstand

EDMONTON -- Edmonton Northlands is looking for a $ 20-million loan guarantee
from the province to spruce up its racetrack.

But the organization could have a hard time convincing the province it should
get it, and the project will be delayed by city council because there are many
unanswered questions about the renovations.

The renovated grandstand -- which would also include a Las Vegas-style sports
room, video lottery terminals, simulcasting of races from other tracks and
possibly even a future casino -- has been touted as the key to getting people
back to the track.

Frank Johnson, head of finance for Northlands, told executive committee
Wednesday that the project would be funded by a $ 20-million loan from the
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, and that loan would have the backing of the
provincial government.

"Alberta has traditionally guaranteed our bank loans, and we're quite optimistic
they will guarantee this loan," Johnson said.

If the province doesn't guarantee it, Northlands would end up paying a higher
interest rate on the loan, he said.

But Municipal Affairs Minister Steve West said the government could have a
difficult time giving the guarantee, given the current climate.

"Although we had in our past some traditional business arrangements, I think . .
. that would not play well today," West said. "Absolutely not."

The province has said it would get out of the business of loan guarantees after
being stung for hundreds of millions of dollars on deals such as Gainers.

Still, West didn't rule out the guarantee to Northlands and said it would be
reviewed.

Racing has been through some hard times over the past few years. Two
thoroughbred cards were cancelled over the summer and both on-track and
teletheatre betting were down considerably.

Some members of Edmonton city council also had problems with the idea of putting
more money into racing.

"I've heard that racing is going downhill, and I have a problem with that," Ald.
Bruce Campbell said. "How is it that Northlands people are convinced that racing
will go up?"

But Northlands president Bob Westbury said the new grandstand would be an
"entertainment centre" that would boost attendance by more than one-third with
the help of other changes such as free parking and admittance.

Executive committee gave approval in principle to the project, but Northlands
must answer a number of planning and tax questions before any work proceeds.

Northlands was especially criticized for its failure to consult with surrounding
communities about traffic and parking problems, as well as the effects of the
extra gambling on community casino and bingo revenues.

Representatives of both the Alberta Avenue Community League and the Area 17
Council, representing northeast Edmonton community leagues, said the project
should be put on hold until the communities get a chance to have some input.

"Right now it's being driven solely by the Northlands agenda," said Richard
McCabe of Alberta Avenue.


LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1994 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 7, 2014 Sunday

Washington: USDA Announces Loan Guarantee to Help Innovative Company Turn Waste
Into Renewable Jet Fuel

LENGTH: 683  words

DATELINE: Washington


United States Department of Agriculture, Food safety and Inspection Services has
issued the following news release:


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA has closed on a loan
guarantee to Fulcrum Sierra Biofuels, LLC to build a biorefinery to produce jet
fuel from municipal solid waste.

"This represents a huge step forward in the development of clean, renewable,
job-creating American fuels," Vilsack said during a speech at the National Clean
Energy Conference. "The nation is entering a new energy age that will make us
more energy independent, cut carbon pollution and strengthen our economy,
especially in rural communities where clean fuels will be produced."

USDA is awarding Fulcrum a $105 million Biorefinery Assistance Program loan
guarantee through Bank of America, N.A. to construct a facility in McCarran,
Nev., to convert municipal solid waste to biodiesel jet fuel. USDA Rural
Development's loan guarantee represents less than half of the $266 million
project cost. The plant is expected to produce 11 million gallons of fuel
annually.

This is the first loan guarantee USDA has made for the production of bio jet
fuel.

Fulcrum will produce synthesis gas from 147,000 tons of municipal solid waste
and catalytically convert it to synthetic paraffinic kerosene/jet fuel through a
proprietary technology. The plant will be the first of what the company expects
to be several bio jet fuel plants throughout the country.

Last month, Cathay Pacific Airways announced that it is investing in Fulcrum
Bioenergy Inc., the parent company of Fulcrum Sierra BioFuels, LLC, and has
negotiated a long-term supply agreement with Fulcrum for 375 million gallons of
sustainable aviation fuel over 10 years. This would represent about 2 percent of
the airline's annual fuel consumption.

USDA awarded the first loan guarantee in 2009 to Sapphire Energy in New Mexico.
Sapphire has already paid off its $54.5 million loan guarantee. The program's
current portfolio includes Fremont Community Digester, located in Fremont,
Mich., which received a $12.8 million loan in 2011 to convert food and
agricultural waste to biogas that is used as fuel to generate electricity. INEOS
New Plant Bioenergy, located in Vero Beach, Fla., received a $75 million loan in
2011 to produce cellulosic ethanol from woody biomass and municipal solid waste.

USDA is negotiating three additional loans for biorefineries in Iowa, North
Carolina and Oregon. These loans would provide financing to produce renewable
fuels from woody biomass, municipal solid waste and energy grasses such as
switch grass, miscanthus and arundo donax. One of these ventures will retrofit
an existing corn ethanol facility to produce cellulosic ethanol.

Biorefineries have broad economic and environmental implications. They lower
greenhouse gas emissions, reduce dependence on foreign oil, give businesses and
consumers more energy options and create jobs.

Congress established the Biorefinery Assistance Program in the 2008 Farm Bill.
It reauthorized and extended the program in the 2014 Farm Bill. The 2014 Bill
expands the program to include bio-based renewable chemicals and bio-based
product manufacturing. USDA staff are working on regulations to set forth
upcoming application terms for additional loan guarantees under the program.

The 2014 Farm Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the
past five years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in
savings for taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to
implement each provision of this critical legislation, including providing
disaster relief to farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools;
expanding access to rural credit; funding critical research; establishing
innovative public-private conservation partnerships; developing new markets for
rural-made products; and investing in infrastructure, housing and community
facilities to help improve the quality of life in rural America.
In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                           September 9, 2008 Tuesday

Competing for Bond Deals with FHLB Guarantee

BYLINE: Rob Garver

SECTION: SPECIAL REPORT - LEGAL/REGULATORY; Pg. 3A Vol. 173 No. 174

LENGTH: 980 words


About a year ago Dale E. Oberkfell, the president and chief operating officer of
Reliance Bank in Frontenac, Mo., found himself in a frustrating situation:
Working with a local development authority in an economically distressed part of
St. Louis, his bank was trying to secure financing for construction of an
ethanol plant.

The authority needed a letter of credit from a bank with a triple-A debt rating
to get the most favorable pricing for its bonds. Because only the largest
money-center banks have such a rating, the $1.4 billion-asset Reliance needed a
partner. If Mr. Oberkfell could negotiate a deal in which a large institution
would provide a backup credit facility - essentially transferring its triple-A
debt rating to Reliance - the deal would go through.

"My initial choice was to call the Federal Home Loan bank, but I found out they
can't do economic development-type letters of credit," he said. "My only choice
was to go to Wells Fargo at a higher rate, which is ultimately transferred to
the borrower."

The ethanol plant got its funding, but the authority paid more for its bonds
than it might have if the Home Loan Bankof Des Moines, whose members include
Reliance, had been able to offer its backing for the deal.

So Mr. Oberkfell was pleased when President Bush signed a housing rescue bill
into law in July that included a provision letting Home Loan banks issue standby
letters of credit to members backing municipal debt.

The Housing Assistance Tax Act of 2008 changed a key element of the Internal
Revenue Code that had effectively prevented Federal Home Loan banks from
offering guarantees for certain municipal bonds.

In general, municipalities can issue tax-exempt bonds to finance all manner of
projects, from water treatment plants to schools. However, the federal
government historically has been unwilling to allow agencies such as the Home
Loan banks guarantee tax-exempt bonds. Part of the reasoning was that the
government was already lowering municipalities' borrowing costs by giving the
bonds tax-exempt status, and that adding an implied federal guarantee in the
form of a standby letter of credit would give the bonds a status akin to that of
Treasury bills, creating competition for the government's own borrowings.

Before the new law, Federal Home Loan banks were allowed to offer standby
letters of credit for housing-related debt. But any other bond issue would lose
its tax-exempt status if it were backed by a Home Loan bank. The new law removed
that provision, allowing municipal bond issues backed by Home Loan banks to
retain their tax-exempt status even when used for nonhousing purposes.

The upshot for small banks is that more of them will be able to issue backup
credit facilities for municipal bonds.

"It has typically been the case that municipalities had to go to larger
money-center banks for this," said Robert Davis, executive vice president for
government relations with the American Bankers Association. "In some cases, they
would rather keep the fees and services local."

The primary impact of the new law will be to let community banks challenge large
banks and specialized bond insurance companies for business they previously
could not touch, Mr. Davis said.

"Right now there are community institutions that know local municipalities well,
but they don't have the ability to compete for their business when they issue
bonds," he said. "Of course, nothing guarantees that this arrangement will take
certain market share away from larger banks. I'm sure municipalities as a
general matter will look to where they are getting the best service and best
pricing."

Clearly, community banks will not be in the business of backing huge projects
like Boston's Big Dig or the reconstruction of the World Trade Center site in
Manhattan, Mr. Davis said. "Obviously, they are going to be serving smaller
communities."

And according to some bankers, those small communities need of financial backing
for infrastructure projects the most. The credit crunch has made borrowing more
difficult across the board, but the recent troubles at large bond insurance
companies have put increased pressure on the market for backing of small
municipal borrowings.

"Historically it has been a problem," Mr. Oberkfell said. "Even with the ethanol
facility in St. Louis, the large insurance companies didn't want to look at it,
because the transaction was under $20 million. If a municipality goes to one of
the bond insurance companies, the premium they charge today is pretty
excessive."

Glen Marshall, the president and chief executive officer of the $100
million-asset First Resource Bank in Exton, Pa., echoed that view.

"When some of these credit markets started to close off, you saw a lot of small
to medium-sized school districts that were having trouble financing things," he
said. "This legislation gets them back in the bond market, where they want to
be."

The law does not require Home Loan banks to offer credit guarantees to members
backing municipal bonds, so it is not clear when or even if guarantees will be
available in all 12 of the Home Loan banks.

However, Mr. Marshall said that in general, the banks are highly attuned to the
need for local economic development projects.

"The FHLB doesn't want to see those projects not get done," he said.

Several Home Loan bank presidents have been vocal in their support of the
legislation,

John R. Price, the president and CEO of the Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh, said
in a press release that he was "tremendously pleased" with the law, and that it
would allow community banks to step into an underserved market, bringing needed
liquidity.

"Insurers today are not as willing to engage in small-scale deals in support of
municipal projects," Mr. Price said. "Injecting additional competition into the
market through FHLB guarantees will keep projects moving while holding down
costs for local taxpayers."

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com/

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ABSR


                        Copyright 2008 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            February 9, 2010 Tuesday

USDA opportunities for NM projects

BYLINE: By Terry Brunner We are at a critical juncture in New Mexico's history
as we approach our Centennial in 2012. Of great concern to us all should be how
our rural communities will fare over the next 100 years. Will they continue to
struggle or will we mak

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 737 words


Before us lies an extraordinary opportunity, through the American Recovery and
Reinvestment Act of 2009 (also known as the Stimulus), to make immediate and
necessary investments in our rural communities.

The United States Department of Agriculture New Mexico Rural Development office
saw funding increases in many of its programs as a result of the Stimulus. USDA
Rural Development in New Mexico almost tripled its regular programmatic spending
for dozens of new projects in fiscal year 2009 to $354 million. We hope to have
another banner year in FY 2010 before the Stimulus expires in September.

As we see tight budgets at the state and local level in New Mexico there is no
better time for New Mexico's communities to consider USDA funding for their
projects. USDA Rural Development offers programs in three areas: Community
Development, Business and Housing.

Businesses and value added agricultural producers in New Mexico communities with
a population less than 50,000 are eligible for our Business Programs. Most types
of new or existing enterprises qualify -manufacturing, wholesale, retail or
service. We offer up to a 90% loan guarantee for bankable projects as large as
$10 million and can provide smaller guarantees on proposals as high as $25
million. It is our goal to guarantee at least $29 million in business loan
guarantees around New Mexico this fiscal year.

We also offer programs to help businesses and agricultural producers save on
energy costs. Our Renewable Energy for America program allows USDA to cover 25%
of any renewable energy or energy efficiency project for a rural business or an
ag producer. If your farm or business hopes to install a new water heater,
upgrade swamp coolers or even take advantage of solar, wind power or bio-diesel;
USDA would like to help with that investment.

For those producers that add value to an agricultural product, we provide up to
$100,000 in grant funding for planning costs and up to $300,000 for working
capital. Value added projects can include a wide variety of efforts such as
turning tomatoes into salsa, carving wood products, and making a popcorn product
from locally-grown corn.

On the community side, the stimulus program enhanced greatly our ability to loan
and grant to communities less than 20,000 in population for community
facilities. USDA Rural Development can invest in community facilities, such as:
health care facilities, community centers, libraries, roads, emergency services,
and community greenhouses -- just to name a few.

Water and Wastewater infrastructure is of tremendous importance to rural
communities in our state. In communities under 10,000, USDA offers loans and
grants to help with water and wastewater systems. Hundreds of New Mexico
communities have participated in this program over the years and we are prepared
to help many more.

To be competitive and innovative, rural communities need access to modern
telecommunications. The stimulus set aside billions to increase broadband access
in rural America and USDA Rural Development spent $199 million alone in rural
New Mexico last year for broadband and telecommunications infrastructure. Not
only do we invest in the first, middle and last mile of telecommunications
infrastructure but we are very interested in supporting distance learning,
telemedicine and other efforts that connect rural communities to the power of
the internet.

When we talk about the sustainability of our rural communities, nothing says
sustainability more than providing families the ability to make their home in
rural New Mexico. In communities under 10,000, USDA provides home loans, home
loan guarantees and grants for the construction, purchase or renovation of a
home. More than 6,500 New Mexicans currently use our housing programs.

This is just a sample of the many programs USDA Rural Development has to offer.
The Stimulus presents New Mexico with unprecedented opportunities to improve the
quality of life in rural New Mexico and give rural communities the tools they
need to prosper. The time to act is now, while federal agencies like the USDA
have the resources to make more investments than ever. If you are interested in
any of these programs, I hope you will contact the USDA Rural Development office
in New Mexico at (505) 761-4950.

Terry Brunner was appointed by President Barack Obama on September 3, 2009 to
serve at State Director for the New Mexico Office of USDA Rural Development.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2010 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Hutchinson News (Kansas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 30, 2009 Tuesday

Developer's bid for USDA loan uncertain

BYLINE: Mary Clarkin, The Hutchinson News, Kan.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 869 words


Jun. 30--Even Tiger Woods might not be able to make the shot being attempted by
Cottonwood Hills developer Lane Neville.

To pry up financing for the young golf course -- including construction of a
clubhouse and golf cart storage and service -- as well as to finance
infrastructure to develop some housing lots near East Fourth Avenue and Buhler
Road, Neville revealed to Reno County commissioners last week that he is
interested in county issuance of up to $10 million in industrial revenue bonds.

To mitigate the risk to the financial institution involved in the bond sale,
Neville hopes to obtain a promise from the U.S. Department of Agriculture to
guarantee payment of 90 percent of the bonds through a USDA Rural Development
Community Facility guaranteed loan.

That critical piece in the financing strategy, however, could be difficult to
obtain.

Draft regulations

Congress passed legislation that specifically declared golf courses an
ineligible activity for a USDA Rural Development Community Facility guaranteed
loan, according to Tim Rickabaugh, a business and community specialist in the
Missouri office of the USDA Rural Development.

The USDA is drafting and adopting agency regulations that reflect Congress' new
law, although the process has "gone slow," Rickabaugh said.

"The draft regulation has been in draft form for probably six to eight months,"
said Rickabaugh, uncertain when the new regulations would be in place.

While that process is ongoing, the old regulations are the rules followed by the
USDA Rural Development office, and that gives Cottonwood Hills a window of
opportunity.

"We have to work under the regulations we have currently in place," said
Rickabaugh, and "the new regulations don't necessarily trump the old ones."

Still, Congress has made it clear it does not want guaranteed loans for golf
courses.

Health and safety

Tom Finger, an area specialist at the Newton office of USDA Rural Development,
could not readily identify a recreation project in Kansas -- such as a golf
course or swimming pool -- that the Community Facility guaranteed loan program
has aided.

Medical facilities are more typical recipients, Finger noted.

He also observed that another funding option, the direct loan program, has been
tapped more than the guaranteed loan program. And recreational projects are not
eligible for direct loans or grants.

"I feel that that's a clear indication that our priorities are the health and
safety aspects of the community, what we would consider essential community
facilities," said Donald Warren, acting state director in North Dakota for USDA
Rural Development.

From 2002 through 2008, the USDA Rural Development office in Missouri made
virtually all its Community Facility guaranteed loan awards to medical or
health-related projects, with one exception related to fire safety.

A 2008 overview for the USDA Rural Development program stated under "eligibility
criteria" for Community Facility direct loans and guaranteed loans that the
priority was "to build essential community facilities that support public health
and safety."

Aiding recreation

In North Dakota, one USDA program -- not the one Cottonwood Hills is considering
-- previously helped a golf course at South Heart, Warren said. He said the
agency also was looking at yet another USDA funding option to assist a golf
course recovering from flood damage.

One reason that golf courses are not looked on favorably for USDA funding,
though, could be the past record.

"I think over the years, the agency has lost quite a bit of money on golf
courses," said Nathan Chitwood, a business and community program specialist in
the Missouri USDA Rural Development office.

"Many times the cost far exceeds the value of the course after it's completed,"
Chitwood said. He also cited the sheer number of golf courses, resulting in the
struggle by some courses to survive.

Chitwood didn't mention a 2007 story in The Washington Post that put an
unfavorable spotlight on some USDA Rural Development spending, such as a
guaranteed $4.5 million loan to Black Dog Tavern on Martha's Vineyard and
another loan to renovate a boat dock on Cape Cod.

"More than three times as much money went to metropolitan areas with populations
of 50,000 or more ($30.3 billion) as to poor or shrinking counties ($8.6
billion). Recreation or retirement communities alone got $8.8 billion," the Post
story noted.

North Dakota's Warren thought the last "recreational type of facility" supported
by USDA Rural Development there was renovation of the pool in Elgin, N.D.

Pools, though, don't often appear on the guaranteed loan recipient list due to
financing rules.

A swimming pool often is municipally owned, and a city can pursue tax-exempt
financing. USDA Rural Development, however, cannot guarantee any tax-exempt
financing, said Chitwood.

To see more of The Hutchinson News, Kansas, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.hutchnews.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Hutchinson News, Kan.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090630-VZ-DVLPER-LOAN-20090630

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VZ


                                 Copyright 2009


                              23 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                              May 17, 2010 Monday

West Haven Firm Expands Biomedical Disposal Program with Community Economic
Development Fund

LENGTH: 471  words

DATELINE: MERIDEN Conn


ERIDEN Conn, May 17 -- Connecticut waterways may be safer from biomedical waste,
thanks to an innovative Community Economic Development Fund small business loan
guarantee program. CEDF, with loan-program partners, Connecticut's Department of
Economic and Community and the City of West Haven have guaranteed a small
business loan to a West Haven company that stems improper disposal of needles
and prescription drugs.

According to a press release issued here, West Haven's Pathacura removes area
medical waste from health care facilities safely and with a dedication to
protecting one of the state's most precious assets, its water. "Pharmaceuticals
and personal health care products in the water are a growing national concern;
it's important that Connecticut's water is protected from pollutants and
chemicals," says Pathacura's Michael Mongillo.

Mongillo's father started Pathacura 15 years ago. The son's been growing the
business despite difficult economic conditions. Even as the recession deepened,
Pathacura's volume spiked with H1N1 testing and vaccinations. "Pathacura's
credit needed development, but we were too small a company to go to a bank for
funding," he says.

Mongillo heard about CEDF's micro-finance loan guarantee program at a Rotary
Club meeting. CEDF, with the Department of Economic and Community Development
and cities of Hartford, Stamford, Bridgeport and West Haven, created the program
to mitigate the risk of eligible small businesses. The cities support the small
loans with 30 percent guarantees. The program is also partially funded by the
Small Business Administration.

Pathacura is using the loan to expand its medical hazardous remediation work for
local businesses and public facilities.

"The guarantee programs with our partners enhance CEDF's ability to support
small business, particularly start-up or at-risk business and those with little
or no collateral," says Donna Wertenbach, CEDF President and CEO. She noted that
CEDF can make these loans because 21 banks and other institutions have invested
in CEDF's small business, high-risk loan pool.

CEDF was created in 1994 to revitalize Connecticut's distressed neighborhoods by
providing greater access to capital, technical assistance to small businesses
and support for community economic development. Since then CEDF has provided
millions of dollars in loans to small businesses, created and retained thousands
of jobs for the state's residents, and funded numerous community planning
efforts. Joining forces with the state, leading lenders and representatives from
low and moderate income communities, CEDF is helping Connecticut's small
businesses and neighborhoods. Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Right Vision News. For more information on news feed please contact Sarabjit
Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              24 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Mississippi Business Journal (Jackson, MS)

                           February 3, 2011 Thursday

KiOR gets loan guarantee from U.S. Department of Energy

BYLINE: Wally Northway

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 355  words


KiOR Inc. has received a term sheet for a loan guarantee supporting an over
$1-billion biofuels project from the U.S. Department of Energy's Loan Guarantee
Program. The project would convert wood biomass into drop in biofuels such as
gasoline and diesel fuel.

KiOR's project under the DOE loan guarantee program will consist of four
biorefineries that will contribute approximately 250 million gallons of
cellulosic biofuel to the Renewable Fuel Standard. The first two plants are
expected to be in Mississippi, with additional sites planned in Georgia and
Texas.

"We are pleased to work with the DOE on reaching this milestone and are excited
about the scale and impact of the project. The project's first facility, planned
in Newton, Miss., is expected to be the largest cellulosic biofuels facility in
the United States. Additionally, the project will have a significant impact on
rural communities through the creation of direct, indirect and induced jobs,
with over 14,000 jobs created during construction and over 4,000 jobs created
during operations. The project also expects to reduce greenhouse gas lifecycle
emissions by over 70 percent as compared to fossil-derived gasoline and diesel
fuels," said Fred Cannon, president and CEO of Pasadena, Texas-based KiOR.

"While the term sheet is an important step in the process, we recognize that
more work lies ahead to finalize the loan guarantee and there is no assurance it
will be issued until the loan is closed," stated Cannon.

"Last year Mississippi realized the tremendous potential of the KiOR technology
and made a decision to bring it to our state," said Gov. Haley Barbour. "We're
excited the U.S. Department of Energy has come to the same conclusion to support
this one-billion-plus dollar project to speed up the construction of two
additional KiOR facilities here. "

In Aug. 2010, KiOR announced the start of engineering and construction on its
first commercial facility in Columbus, which is expected to produce over 11
million gallons of fuel per year. KiOR also has additional projects in various
stages of development in Arkansas, Alabama and other Southern states.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Agriculture: Wisconsin Pioneering A Farm Loan Program Guaranteeing Just 25%

                              May 6, 1996, Monday

By BARBARA F. BRONSTIEN


Wisconsin's agriculture lenders have a new option - a state government program
guaranteeing a lower-than-usual loan percentage. If successful, it could spark
similar endeavors in other states.

The program, in which the state would guarantee 25% of a loan's principal, would
simply provide another financing option for farmers. Typically, farm loans
backed by state or federal governments guarantee 90% of principal.

Like Wisconsin's dairy farmers, who face increasing competition from western
states, many farmers need additional capital to remain competitive but don't
need or qualify for loans with such high government guarantees.

"It's an entirely different approach," said David Grant, vice president of $99
million-asset Security National Bank, Durand. He said he expects to use the
program to help his dairy farmer customers expand operations. "It's another tool
in our tool box that we can pull out when we need it."

But there's a big draw for lenders like Mr. Grant: "It seemed like an easy
program to use," he said."There isn't a lot of red tape."

Jim Langdon, chief communications officer of the Wisconsin Housing and Economic
Development Authority, which runs the loan guarantee program, said it came about
because existing loan guarantee programs did not always meet the needs of
farmers wishing to upgrade or expand their operations.

If the program - dubbed the Farm Asset Reinvestment Management fund - catches on
with Wisconsin lenders and farmers, it could inspire new lender- government farm
loan partnerships in other midwestern states, he said.

"If it works the way we hope it will, I think other states will say, 'Hey, this
is a good opportunity to make better use of our scarce resources,"' said Bruce
Jones, a University of Wisconsin agricultural economics professor who helped
develop the program.

Borrowers qualify for the new loan program if they are expanding an existing
farm operation and - after using the loan to acquire new assets - would have a
debt-to-asset ratio of 85% or less. Lenders also must assess potential
applicants' assets, cash flow, and management ability.

Mr. Jones said the lower guarantee shouldn't be too risky if bank lenders do
their jobs right.

"Their business is assessing and managing risk," he said. "I have a lot of
confidence that the lending community will be able to handle this. They don't
need a 90% guarantee in many cases."

The 90% guaranteed loan applicants "probably have more than one or two
weaknesses," said Security National's Mr. Grant. "The 25% ones, they're going to
be stronger loans and maybe just have that one little weakness of collateral."

The housing and economic development authority said the new program, which the
Wisconsin legislature authorized earlier this year, would guarantee up to 25% of
a maximum $400,000 loan or 25% of total net worth, whichever is less.

The total amount of the loan pool is undetermined, Mr. Jones said, because it
will come from funding for the authority's other programs. At least $5 million
should be available immediately, he said.

The guarantees can be applied to loans for purchasing land, equipment,
facilities, or for improving facilities and land. But they can't be used for
refinancing purposes.

Terms on the loans can be up to 10 years for land or facilities loans and up to
five years for other farm loans.

Farmers can use the guarantees in conjunction with other state and federal
programs, but that reduces the maximum guarantee under the new program to
$50,000.

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 586 words

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1996 American Banker, Inc.


                              26 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Gleaner (New Brunswick)

                             April 30, 2007 Monday

Manor work hits snag tawaits loan guarantee from Liberals; Government

BYLINE: By HEATHER MCLAUGHLIN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 461  words


Loan guarantee needed to continue process

York Manor won't meet its goal to rebuild the entire nursing home by 2010 unless
the provincial government steps up soon with its pledged $15.6- million loan
guarantee.

"We are still waiting for the approval for Phase 2 ... We're watching very
carefully for imminent approval," said manor executive director Ken McGeorge.

The provincial Liberals made the promise to provide a loan guarantee that would
allow York Manor to cement its financing through a bank and factor the expense
into its budget.

Fredericton North MLA T.J. Burke, who sits at the cabinet table as minister of
Justice and Consumer Affairs as well as attorney general, said the government
will meet its election commitment.

"Our government made a commitment to York Manor, two specific commitments," he
said. "The first was that any shortfall of funding for their bus - that their
community organization could not raise - we would match and assist York Manor
with providing that bus.

"And last week, I was pleased to announce our commitment, we made good on that."

The announcement will come from Mary Schryer's office. Schryer is the minister
responsible for seniors and housing.

"I can tell you good news is coming for York Manor," Burke said.

But, he added, it's up to the minister to offer a definitive time line.

A spokesperson for Schryer said the government is reviewing facilities to
determine where the needs exist in each community.

The nursing home is already in the throes of a major retrofit, the first phase
of which was bankrolled by the former Progressive Conservative government under
a $12.6-million loan guarantee.

York Manor recently opened a modernized Alzheimer's unit with state-of-the- art
security to minimize the risk of patients wandering away.

The Dixon wing of the nursing home is being gutted and renovated. The second
phase is intended to tackle the central facilities of the nursing home.

Work on the old Dixon wing of the nursing home is a massive undertaking, he
said.

"We do not yet have approval to expand the number of beds. Our whole
redevelopment is moving from semi-private and ward accommodation to give
residents privacy."

"Eighty per cent of our people will have private rooms."

The second phase, which is dependent on the Liberal government loan guarantee,
will modernize another wing of the nursing home and upgrade its common
facilities, including the central kitchen area.

Construction will be completed this summer on 19 supportive housing units for
frail seniors who need assisted living. They will be able to obtain support for
their housekeeping, laundry and meal preparation needs.

"Our operating philosophy is we want to be the centre of excellence for long-
term care," McGeorge said.

With files from staff reporter Shawn Berry.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2007 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                     Monroe County Appeal (Paris, Missouri)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 17, 2013

USDA Highlights 2012 Investments to Build Stronger Rural Communities;
Investment included monies to Ralls County

BYLINE: Monroe County Appeal staff

LENGTH: 932  words


Rural Development helps to invest more than $30 billion to strengthen rural
America

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack recently issued a report highlighting USDA
Rural Development's fiscal year (FY) 2012 investments in job creation,
businesses, infrastructure and housing for Americans living in rural communities
across the nation.

"President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
in rural communities that have made them stronger," Vilsack said. "Thanks to our
loan, grant and technical assistance programs, USDA Rural Development is helping
residents and rural enterprises thrive, and we are laying a strong foundation
for rural America's future."

With an active portfolio of more than $176 billion in loans and loan guarantees,
Rural Development has provided affordable housing, improved utility
infrastructure, and helped businesses and cooperatives create jobs, build rural
economies and increase the quality of life in rural areas. For a full copy of
the 2012 Progress Report, go to http://www.rurdev.usda.
gov/SupportDocuments/RDProgressReport-2012. pdf.

Missouri Rural Development State Director Janie Dunning stated, "The amounts
listed mean a return of taxpayer dollars to the states. In Missouri,
$992,406,000 was returned in the form of grants, loans and loan guarantees. This
is money directly assisting businesses to create or retain jobs and communities
to maintain quality of life for residents and visitors"

For example, in 2012, nearly 64,000 rural residents received new or better
access to broadband Internet service. Under the Rural Utilities Program, Rural
Development provided approximately $4.7 billion in electric loans, $173 million
in telecommunications loans and grants, and $1.4 billion in water and waste
disposal loan and grants.

Through its Community Facilities loan and grant program, Rural Development
provided more than $8.6 million to construct or improve 48 rural libraries, and
provided more than $888 million in assistance for 243 projects to improve the
delivery of health care for rural Americans. All told, Rural Development
provided more than $1.5 billion in community facilities loans and grants to
develop or improve essential facilities like these in rural areas.

In addition to the efforts to support education and health care, another key
aspect of the Community Facilities program is the ability to support emergency
responders. For example, Missouri Rural Development provided $417,680 to 25
entities; ambulance districts, cities, counties and villages; to improve first
responders' and emergency early warning systems' capability. Many of these
communities had no equipment or were without adequate equipment to protect lives
and properties during hazardous situations.

Rural Development is also the lead agency ensuring that rural families have
access to safe, well-built, affordable homes. In 2012, Rural Development helped
7,940 families with low-incomes obtain safe, affordable homes, providing
approximately $900.9 million in single-family direct subsidized loans. Under the
single-family guaranteed loan program, Rural Development helped more than
145,100 moderate-income families purchase single-family homes. More than 7,000
rural individuals or families were able to repair their homes under the home
repair loan and grant program.

In 2012, USDA Rural Development assisted more than 270,000 low- and
very-low-income families, who were able to live in safe, multi-family housing
thanks to $904.7 million in rental assistance to bring their rents to an
affordable level.

Rural Development also helped approximately 1,700 families move into new
apartment units through $122.6 million for low-income rental housing
development, $104.3 million in guaranteed loans for moderate-income rental
housing development, and $5.5 million for multi-family housing for farm workers
and their families.

Through Rural Development's business and cooperative loan, grant and technical
assistance programs, the agency helped about 9,700 rural small business owners
or farmers improve their enterprises in 2012. Business and cooperative program
funding created or saved more than 53,000 rural jobs in 2012. Rural Development
provided slightly more than $1 billion in Business and Industry loan guarantees,
$25.5 million in Rural Business Enterprise grants, $50.3 million in Rural
Economic Development loans and grants, $17.5 million in Intermediary Relending
Program loans, and $40.4 million in Value Added Producer Grants in 2012.

For example, a $1,000,000 Rural Economic Development Loan and $300,000 Rural
Economic Development Grant to Missouri's Ralls County Electric Cooperative is
facilitating the construction of a Higher Education Center in Hannibal, Missouri
by Moberly Area Community College (MACC). MACC is leveraging the Rural Economic
Development funds with a Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) grant of
$1,275,240, a MACC contribution of $1,000,000, a Hannibal community contribution
of $900,918 and a Ralls County Electric Cooperative loan of $60,000.

The 16,890 square feet MACC Higher Education Center will house educational and
administrative space. Included in center will be classrooms, a library, student
lounge, faculty and staff offices and building support. The center will have the
latest in education-. al resources and technology. For additional information on
Rural Development projects, please visit Rural Development's new interactive web
map featuring program funding and success stories for the past four fiscal
years. The data can be found at: http://www.rurdev.
usda.gov/RDSuccessSto-ries.html.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MCA

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2013 Monroe County Appeal


                              28 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                               May 5, 2003 Monday

Future of plant relies on good communication; A federal program exists that
could help find a use for the property, but the city and Smithfield must talk

BYLINE: CHUCK ISENHART

SECTION: Pg. a4

LENGTH: 790 words


An April 14 Telegraph Herald article gauged reaction to a proposal made by the
Community Development Commission regarding the future of Dubuque's shuttered
meat-packing facility. The story might have left some readers scratching their
heads over what, exactly, the commission proposed. Maybe I can fill in the gap.

The future of the plant might not be as complicated as the headline and story
suggest. Our simple idea: Plans for the property's future can be hatched when
the city of Dubuque opens the door of communication with Smithfield Foods. We
are trying to jump-start that dialogue by pointing out that a federal program
exists offering a win-win-win situation for Smithfield, the city of Dubuque, and
one or more businesses that can put the land to its best and highest industrial
use.

The development commission is responsible for identifying community needs,
helping low- and moderate-income people lift themselves out of poverty and
preventing poverty by addressing slum and blight. We advise the city council on
policy decisions, program development and spending priorities for the Community
Development Block Grant Program.

The commission identified industrial development as a key driver of economic
advancement for low- and moderate-income people. For example, the Consolidated
Plan for Housing and Community Development - adopted by the council on May 1,
2000 - establishes an objective of new jobs with living wages. Specifically, the
plan calls for 50 percent of jobs created to pay more than $$ @9 per hour and 25
percent to be above $$ @12.

The old FDL/Farmland Foods facility - once a job-generator - is now blighted.
Smithfield Foods has signaled its interest in selling the property, having
offered it to Wal-Mart. The property was originally designated for industrial
use in the city's long-range plan, in particular because the property is
accessible by rail. The land is currently zoned industrial.

Smithfield faces trouble disposing of the property with the high costs of
building demolition and land preparation because of asbestos abatement and other
environmental problems.

The U.S. Housing and Urban Development Department sponsors the Brownfields
Economic Development Initiative, a grant program to stimulate and promote
economic and community development. The Brownfields Economic Development
Initiative helps cities redevelop abandoned, idled and underused industrial
facilities limited by real or perceived environmental contamination.

Brownfields development funds up to $$ @2 million are available to increase
economic opportunities for low- and moderate-income people. The grants are used
along with loan guarantees to help finance projects that will provide near-term
results and demonstrable economic benefits, such as job creation and increases
in the local tax base.

The Community Development Commission is interested because of the Section 108
loan guarantee provision of the Community Development Block Grant program.
Low-cost loans are issued to supplement Brownfields Economic Development
Initiative grants, with the city's block grant allocation used as collateral.
The Brownfields development grant funds minimize the potential loss of block
grant funds. If approved, both the loan guarantee proceeds and the Brownfields
development funds are made available by HUD to the city of Dubuque. The city may
re-lend the money and give the grant funds to a business or other entity to
carry out the economic development project. Or the city can do a project itself.

The sticking point: Plans for an actual project have to be in place before
applications can be made for this federal program. That means we must talk to
Smithfield. Perhaps the city and Smithfield can jointly solicit proposals for
projects that can satisfy the important interests of each.

Believing that such an outcome is possible, the Community Development Commission
recommended that the city approach Smithfield Foods to discuss:

* Jointly redeveloping the former meat-packing facility and adjoining properties
or jointly marketing the properties for redevelopment by another entity.

* For one or more industrial uses supporting employment opportunities for low-
and moderate-income citizens consistent with the Consolidated Plan for Housing
and Community Development.

* Using the federal Brownfields Economic Development Initiative and the Section
108 loan guarantee provision of the block grant program.

Isenhart is a board member of Iowans for a Better Future, the non-profit
organization charged with promoting the implementation of Iowa 2010, the
recommendations of the Governor's Strategic Planning Council. Iowans for a
Better Future can be contacted at www.betteriowa.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2003 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                              29 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 17, 2016 Saturday

Washington: USDA Invests $74 Million for Affordable Rural Rental Housing in 2016
as 20-Year Program Eclipses $1 Billion Mark

LENGTH: 538  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Rural Housing Service Administrator
Tony Hernandez today visited North Carolina to tour a USDA-funded rental complex
and highlight two decades of USDA investments and partnerships to build and
renovate affordable rural rental housing for families across the country.





 USDA's investments in rural housing developments have provided more than 41,000
affordable rental units nationwide during the past 20 years. Just this year,
USDA surpassed the $1 billion milestone for investments through the Multi-Family
Housing Loan Guarantee Program to create and preserve affordable rural rental
housing. In Fiscal Year 2016 alone, USDA invested $74 million to build and
preserve 2,765 affordable rural rental apartments nationwide.



 "USDA's multi-family housing program has provided loans and other assistance
for affordable rural rental housing for two decades," Hernandez said. "Providing
decent, safe and affordable homes like those I visited today promotes rural
economic development and strengthens communities."



 USDA helped finance Holly Woods at Sunset Lake apartments, a 64-unit complex in
Holly Springs, through the Multi-Family Housing Loan Guarantee Program. The
apartments provide much-needed affordable housing in Wake County, where nearly
30 percent of residents are renters who earn less than $35,000 annually. The
complex is near three major research universities and is part of a community
where there is a high demand for affordable housing.



 USDA-funded rental properties often are the only affordable option for
hardworking families and retired individuals living in rural areas. USDA
provides loan guarantees to state and local governments, nonprofit
organizations, for-profit organizations and federally-recognized tribes.
Tenants' rent is generally 30 percent of an area's median income.



 One of the developments USDA has funded is Dumosa Senior Village, a 75-unit
apartment complex in Yucca Valley, Calif. The complex, which opened in July
2015, is within walking distance to shopping, a post office, bank, senior center
and other community services. USDA Rural Development's Multi-Family Housing Loan
Guarantee Program was critical to the project's success, allowing it to leverage
a $1.5 million loan guarantee with funding from various other local, state and
federal sources.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has helped more than 1.2 million rural residents buy homes; funded
nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools, public safety and health care
facilities; and invested more than $14 billion to start or expand nearly 122,000
rural businesses. USDA also invested $38.6 billion in 1,057 electric projects
that have financed more than 198,000 miles of transmission and distribution
lines serving 4.6 million rural residents; and helped bring high-speed Internet
access to nearly 6 million rural residents and businesses.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              30 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 17, 2016 Saturday

Washington: USDA Invests $74 Million for Affordable Rural Rental Housing in 2016
as 20-Year Program Eclipses $1 Billion Mark

LENGTH: 538  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Rural Housing Service Administrator
Tony Hernandez today visited North Carolina to tour a USDA-funded rental complex
and highlight two decades of USDA investments and partnerships to build and
renovate affordable rural rental housing for families across the country.





 USDA's investments in rural housing developments have provided more than 41,000
affordable rental units nationwide during the past 20 years. Just this year,
USDA surpassed the $1 billion milestone for investments through the Multi-Family
Housing Loan Guarantee Program to create and preserve affordable rural rental
housing. In Fiscal Year 2016 alone, USDA invested $74 million to build and
preserve 2,765 affordable rural rental apartments nationwide.



 "USDA's multi-family housing program has provided loans and other assistance
for affordable rural rental housing for two decades," Hernandez said. "Providing
decent, safe and affordable homes like those I visited today promotes rural
economic development and strengthens communities."



 USDA helped finance Holly Woods at Sunset Lake apartments, a 64-unit complex in
Holly Springs, through the Multi-Family Housing Loan Guarantee Program. The
apartments provide much-needed affordable housing in Wake County, where nearly
30 percent of residents are renters who earn less than $35,000 annually. The
complex is near three major research universities and is part of a community
where there is a high demand for affordable housing.



 USDA-funded rental properties often are the only affordable option for
hardworking families and retired individuals living in rural areas. USDA
provides loan guarantees to state and local governments, nonprofit
organizations, for-profit organizations and federally-recognized tribes.
Tenants' rent is generally 30 percent of an area's median income.



 One of the developments USDA has funded is Dumosa Senior Village, a 75-unit
apartment complex in Yucca Valley, Calif. The complex, which opened in July
2015, is within walking distance to shopping, a post office, bank, senior center
and other community services. USDA Rural Development's Multi-Family Housing Loan
Guarantee Program was critical to the project's success, allowing it to leverage
a $1.5 million loan guarantee with funding from various other local, state and
federal sources.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has helped more than 1.2 million rural residents buy homes; funded
nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools, public safety and health care
facilities; and invested more than $14 billion to start or expand nearly 122,000
rural businesses. USDA also invested $38.6 billion in 1,057 electric projects
that have financed more than 198,000 miles of transmission and distribution
lines serving 4.6 million rural residents; and helped bring high-speed Internet
access to nearly 6 million rural residents and businesses.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              31 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday

Washington: USDA Invests $74 Million for Affordable Rural Rental Housing in 2016
as 20-Year Program Eclipses $1 Billion Mark

LENGTH: 547  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Rural Housing Service Administrator
Tony Hernandez today visited North Carolina to tour a USDA-funded rental complex
and highlight two decades of USDA investments and partnerships to build and
renovate affordable rural rental housing for families across the country.





 USDA's investments in rural housing developments have provided more than 41,000
affordable rental units nationwide during the past 20 years. Just this year,
USDA surpassed the $1 billion milestone for investments through the Multi-Family
Housing Loan Guarantee Program to create and preserve affordable rural rental
housing. In Fiscal Year 2016 alone, USDA invested $74 million to build and
preserve 2,765 affordable rural rental apartments nationwide.



 "USDA's multi-family housing program has provided loans and other assistance
for affordable rural rental housing for two decades," Hernandez said. "Providing
decent, safe and affordable homes like those I visited today promotes rural
economic development and strengthens communities."



 USDA helped finance Holly Woods at Sunset Lake apartments, a 64-unit complex in
Holly Springs, through the Multi-Family Housing Loan Guarantee Program. The
apartments provide much-needed affordable housing in Wake County, where nearly
30 percent of residents are renters who earn less than $35,000 annually. The
complex is near three major research universities and is part of a community
where there is a high demand for affordable housing.



 USDA-funded rental properties often are the only affordable option for
hardworking families and retired individuals living in rural areas. USDA
provides loan guarantees to state and local governments, nonprofit
organizations, for-profit organizations and federally-recognized tribes.
Tenants' rent is generally 30 percent of an area's median income.



 One of the developments USDA has funded is Dumosa Senior Village, a 75-unit
apartment complex in Yucca Valley, Calif. The complex, which opened in July
2015, is within walking distance to shopping, a post office, bank, senior center
and other community services. USDA Rural Development's Multi-Family Housing Loan
Guarantee Program was critical to the project's success, allowing it to leverage
a $1.5 million loan guarantee with funding from various other local, state and
federal sources.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has helped more than 1.2 million rural residents buy homes; funded
nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools, public safety and health care
facilities; and invested more than $14 billion to start or expand nearly 122,000
rural businesses. USDA also invested $38.6 billion in 1,057 electric projects
that have financed more than 198,000 miles of transmission and distribution
lines serving 4.6 million rural residents; and helped bring high-speed Internet
access to nearly 6 million rural residents and businesses. For more information,
visit www.usda.gov/results.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              32 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday

Washington: USDA Invests $74 Million for Affordable Rural Rental Housing in 2016
as 20-Year Program Eclipses $1 Billion Mark

LENGTH: 547  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Rural Housing Service Administrator
Tony Hernandez today visited North Carolina to tour a USDA-funded rental complex
and highlight two decades of USDA investments and partnerships to build and
renovate affordable rural rental housing for families across the country.





 USDA's investments in rural housing developments have provided more than 41,000
affordable rental units nationwide during the past 20 years. Just this year,
USDA surpassed the $1 billion milestone for investments through the Multi-Family
Housing Loan Guarantee Program to create and preserve affordable rural rental
housing. In Fiscal Year 2016 alone, USDA invested $74 million to build and
preserve 2,765 affordable rural rental apartments nationwide.



 "USDA's multi-family housing program has provided loans and other assistance
for affordable rural rental housing for two decades," Hernandez said. "Providing
decent, safe and affordable homes like those I visited today promotes rural
economic development and strengthens communities."



 USDA helped finance Holly Woods at Sunset Lake apartments, a 64-unit complex in
Holly Springs, through the Multi-Family Housing Loan Guarantee Program. The
apartments provide much-needed affordable housing in Wake County, where nearly
30 percent of residents are renters who earn less than $35,000 annually. The
complex is near three major research universities and is part of a community
where there is a high demand for affordable housing.



 USDA-funded rental properties often are the only affordable option for
hardworking families and retired individuals living in rural areas. USDA
provides loan guarantees to state and local governments, nonprofit
organizations, for-profit organizations and federally-recognized tribes.
Tenants' rent is generally 30 percent of an area's median income.



 One of the developments USDA has funded is Dumosa Senior Village, a 75-unit
apartment complex in Yucca Valley, Calif. The complex, which opened in July
2015, is within walking distance to shopping, a post office, bank, senior center
and other community services. USDA Rural Development's Multi-Family Housing Loan
Guarantee Program was critical to the project's success, allowing it to leverage
a $1.5 million loan guarantee with funding from various other local, state and
federal sources.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has helped more than 1.2 million rural residents buy homes; funded
nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools, public safety and health care
facilities; and invested more than $14 billion to start or expand nearly 122,000
rural businesses. USDA also invested $38.6 billion in 1,057 electric projects
that have financed more than 198,000 miles of transmission and distribution
lines serving 4.6 million rural residents; and helped bring high-speed Internet
access to nearly 6 million rural residents and businesses. For more information,
visit www.usda.gov/results.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              33 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 17, 2014 Friday

Nevada: USDA Invests $1.4 Billion to Improve Rural Electric Infrastructure

LENGTH: 516  words

DATELINE: Carson City


The State of Nevada has issued the following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced $1.4 billion in USDA loan
guarantees to improve the delivery of electric power to rural communities in 21
states.

"With the help of investments such as these from USDA, rural electric utilities
have delivered reliable and affordable electricity for nearly 80 years," Vilsack
said. "Upgrading the electric grid will bring jobs and increased economic
opportunities to rural communities."

Today's announcement includes $106 million for smart grid technologies and $3
million for renewable energy programs and systems. The funding will help
diversify energy portfolios and decrease our nation's reliance on carbon-based
fuel sources, Vilsack noted.

Smart grid helps rural electric utilities manage power use more effectively. For
fiscal year (FY) 2014, USDA's Rural Utilities Service provided more than $186
million for smart grid technologies.

USDA has worked with rural electric cooperatives since 1935 to provide
electricity for rural consumers. Through the years, these investments have
delivered new economic and social opportunities and have enhanced the quality of
life in the nation's rural communities. The Rural Utilities Service also
administers infrastructure programs that bring broadband, safe drinking water
and improved wastewater treatment facilities to rural communities.

Among today's loan guarantee recipients is Georgia's Sawnee Electric Membership
Corporation. It is receiving a $161 million loan guarantee to build or improve
more than 800 miles of transmission and distribution line. More than $6 million
will fund smart grid projects.

North Carolina's Rockwell Solar LLC is getting a $3 million loan to build a
3.5-megawatt solar farm in Rowan County. The total project cost is just over $10
million. The farm will be developed, owned and operated by O2 Energies, based in
Cornelius, N.C. During construction, the farm will provide work for more than 50
people.

The Horry Electric Cooperative in Conway, S.C., has been selected to receive a
$52 million loan to build or improve 624 miles of line and make other system
improvements. The loan amount includes $2.3 million for smart grid projects.

View the complete list of recipients and projects receiving funding under
today's announcement. Each loan is contingent upon the recipient meeting the
terms of the loan agreement.

USDA has invested nearly $2.5 billion in electric infrastructure improvements in
FY 2014 and almost $31 billion since 2009. In FY 2014 alone, USDA loan
guarantees have helped build or improve 19,000 miles of electric transmission
and distribution lines.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Ocala Star-Banner (Florida)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 6, 2011 Tuesday

ALF gets loan support

BYLINE: Bill Thompson, Ocala Star-Banner, Fla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 299 words


Dec. 06--The commission voted 4-1 to offer $1 million through a loan guarantee
to support a proposed $20 million assisted living facility.

A company called White Coral LLC has proposed a five-story, 120-bed facility
with 60 spots for assisted living patients, 40 units for independent living
clients and 20 beds for Alzheimer's sufferers along Southwest 44th Avenue
between State Road 200 and Southwest 20th Street. The project is expected to
generate at least 80 jobs.

But the company sought county support to secure a $14.4 million loan guarantee
from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development to augment $5.7
million of its own.

The company's representative, Ocala lawyer Steve Gray, explained that the loan
was structured so that the county would be pledging about $42,000 a year for the
first seven years of the loan. The federal government would recoup that money,
if the project faltered, by withholding some federal Community Development Block
Grants awarded to the county.

The Ocala City Council has already lent its support for backing $1 million of
the project. Levy County commissioners will vote later this month to back the
other $12.4 million.

Although Gray described the deal as "relatively low risk," Commissioner Zalak
moved to kill it after questioning whether it was needed.

A recent county report indicated that the 83 percent of the beds in existing
assisted living facilities in the community were already occupied. Zalak
believed that, and with another facility in the works, meant there were enough
beds in the area.

His motion to reject the agreement died for a lack of support, however. He
dissented in the final vote.

___ (c)2011 the Ocala Star-Banner (Ocala, Fla.) Visit the Ocala Star-Banner
(Ocala, Fla.) at www.ocala.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111206-OA-ALF-gets-loan-support-20111206

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OA


                        Copyright 2011 Ocala Star-Banner


                              35 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 21, 2014 Thursday

Washington: Treasury Provides $325 Million in Bond Guarantees for Investment in
Underserved Communities

LENGTH: 444  words

DATELINE: Washington


Ministry Of Treasury, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

The U.S. Treasury Department today announced that it has guaranteed $325 million
in new bonds to help support economic development opportunities in low-income
and underserved communities across the country. The funding, provided through
the Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFI) Bond Guarantee Program,
is designed to help CDFIs fill a financing gap in underserved areas by providing
long-term, fixed rate capital.

"The CDFI Bond Guarantee Program expands Obama Administration efforts to meet
the economic and community development needs of underserved urban and rural
areas," said Mary J. Miller, Under Secretary for Domestic Finance at the U.S.
Treasury Department. "These borrowers have a national footprint in community
development financing and a solid history of delivering innovative financial
products that spur job growth, provide small business loans, and finance quality
affordable housing, and community facilities. This new tool - the first of its
kind by the CDFI Fund - will help these organizations make even more critical
investments in communities across the country."

The CDFI Bond Guarantee Program was established by the Small Business Jobs Act,
which directed Treasury to, among other things, guarantee the full amount of
bonds issued to support CDFIs that make investments for eligible community and
economic development purposes. Those purposes include financing for small
businesses, rural infrastructure, day care centers, rental housing, healthcare
facilities, senior living and long-term care facilities, charter schools, and
commercial real estate in low-income or underserved rural areas, among others.

The eligible CDFIs and qualified issuers in the inaugural round of the CDFI Bond
Guarantee Program are:

Clearinghouse CDFI - Will receive $100 million on account of a bond issued by
Opportunity Finance Network and guaranteed by Treasury;
 Community Development Trust, LP - Will receive $125 million on account of a
bond issued by the Community Reinvestment Fund and guaranteed by Treasury; and
 Local Initiatives Support Corporation and Enterprise Community Loan Fund, Inc.
-

Will each receive $50 million on account of two bonds issued by Bank of America
CDFI Funding Corporation and guaranteed by Treasury.

Treasury will announce additional borrowers selected to participate in the
program in coming weeks.

The CDFI Bond Guarantee Program will sunset September 30, 2014, unless it is
reauthorized by Congress. The President's Fiscal Year 2015 budget proposes to
extend the program.

For further information please visit: http://www.treasury.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              36 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 20, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Treasury Provides $325 Million in Bond Guarantees for Investment in
Underserved Communities

LENGTH: 444  words

DATELINE: Washington


Ministry Of Treasury, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

The U.S. Treasury Department today announced that it has guaranteed $325 million
in new bonds to help support economic development opportunities in low-income
and underserved communities across the country. The funding, provided through
the Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFI) Bond Guarantee Program,
is designed to help CDFIs fill a financing gap in underserved areas by providing
long-term, fixed rate capital.

"The CDFI Bond Guarantee Program expands Obama Administration efforts to meet
the economic and community development needs of underserved urban and rural
areas," said Mary J. Miller, Under Secretary for Domestic Finance at the U.S.
Treasury Department. "These borrowers have a national footprint in community
development financing and a solid history of delivering innovative financial
products that spur job growth, provide small business loans, and finance quality
affordable housing, and community facilities. This new tool - the first of its
kind by the CDFI Fund - will help these organizations make even more critical
investments in communities across the country."

The CDFI Bond Guarantee Program was established by the Small Business Jobs Act,
which directed Treasury to, among other things, guarantee the full amount of
bonds issued to support CDFIs that make investments for eligible community and
economic development purposes. Those purposes include financing for small
businesses, rural infrastructure, day care centers, rental housing, healthcare
facilities, senior living and long-term care facilities, charter schools, and
commercial real estate in low-income or underserved rural areas, among others.

The eligible CDFIs and qualified issuers in the inaugural round of the CDFI Bond
Guarantee Program are:

Clearinghouse CDFI - Will receive $100 million on account of a bond issued by
Opportunity Finance Network and guaranteed by Treasury;
 Community Development Trust, LP - Will receive $125 million on account of a
bond issued by the Community Reinvestment Fund and guaranteed by Treasury; and
 Local Initiatives Support Corporation and Enterprise Community Loan Fund, Inc.
-

Will each receive $50 million on account of two bonds issued by Bank of America
CDFI Funding Corporation and guaranteed by Treasury.

Treasury will announce additional borrowers selected to participate in the
program in coming weeks.

The CDFI Bond Guarantee Program will sunset September 30, 2014, unless it is
reauthorized by Congress. The President's Fiscal Year 2015 budget proposes to
extend the program.

For further information please visit: http://www.treasury.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 20, 2014 Monday

Nevada: USDA Invests $1.4 Billion to Improve Rural Electric Infrastructure

LENGTH: 522  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of Agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced $1.4 billion in USDA loan
guarantees to improve the delivery of electric power to rural communities in 21
states.

"With the help of investments such as these from USDA, rural electric utilities
have delivered reliable and affordable electricity for nearly 80 years," Vilsack
said. "Upgrading the electric grid will bring jobs and increased economic
opportunities to rural communities."

Today's announcement includes $106 million for smart grid technologies and $3
million for renewable energy programs and systems. The funding will help
diversify energy portfolios and decrease our nation's reliance on carbon-based
fuel sources, Vilsack noted.

Smart grid helps rural electric utilities manage power use more effectively. For
fiscal year (FY) 2014, USDA's Rural Utilities Service provided more than $186
million for smart grid technologies.

USDA has worked with rural electric cooperatives since 1935 to provide
electricity for rural consumers. Through the years, these investments have
delivered new economic and social opportunities and have enhanced the quality of
life in the nation's rural communities. The Rural Utilities Service also
administers infrastructure programs that bring broadband, safe drinking water
and improved wastewater treatment facilities to rural communities.

Among today's loan guarantee recipients is Georgia's Sawnee Electric Membership
Corporation. It is receiving a $161 million loan guarantee to build or improve
more than 800 miles of transmission and distribution line. More than $6 million
will fund smart grid projects.

North Carolina's Rockwell Solar LLC is getting a $3 million loan to build a
3.5-megawatt solar farm in Rowan County. The total project cost is just over $10
million. The farm will be developed, owned and operated by O2 Energies, based in
Cornelius, N.C. During construction, the farm will provide work for more than 50
people.

The Horry Electric Cooperative in Conway, S.C., has been selected to receive a
$52 million loan to build or improve 624 miles of line and make other system
improvements. The loan amount includes $2.3 million for smart grid projects.

View the complete list of recipients and projects receiving funding under
today's announcement. Each loan is contingent upon the recipient meeting the
terms of the loan agreement.

USDA has invested nearly $2.5 billion in electric infrastructure improvements in
FY 2014 and almost $31 billion since 2009. In FY 2014 alone, USDA loan
guarantees have helped build or improve 19,000 miles of electric transmission
and distribution lines.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 17, 2014 Friday

Washington: USDA Invests $1.4 Billion to Improve Rural Electric Infrastructure

LENGTH: 525  words

DATELINE: Washington


United States Department of Agriculture, Food safety and Inspection Services has
issued the following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced $1.4 billion in USDA loan
guarantees to improve the delivery of electric power to rural communities in 21
states.

"With the help of investments such as these from USDA, rural electric utilities
have delivered reliable and affordable electricity for nearly 80 years," Vilsack
said. "Upgrading the electric grid will bring jobs and increased economic
opportunities to rural communities."

Today's announcement includes $106 million for smart grid technologies and $3
million for renewable energy programs and systems. The funding will help
diversify energy portfolios and decrease our nation's reliance on carbon-based
fuel sources, Vilsack noted.

Smart grid helps rural electric utilities manage power use more effectively. For
fiscal year (FY) 2014, USDA's Rural Utilities Service provided more than $186
million for smart grid technologies.

USDA has worked with rural electric cooperatives since 1935 to provide
electricity for rural consumers. Through the years, these investments have
delivered new economic and social opportunities and have enhanced the quality of
life in the nation's rural communities. The Rural Utilities Service also
administers infrastructure programs that bring broadband, safe drinking water
and improved wastewater treatment facilities to rural communities.

Among today's loan guarantee recipients is Georgia's Sawnee Electric Membership
Corporation. It is receiving a $161 million loan guarantee to build or improve
more than 800 miles of transmission and distribution line. More than $6 million
will fund smart grid projects.

North Carolina's Rockwell Solar LLC is getting a $3 million loan to build a
3.5-megawatt solar farm in Rowan County. The total project cost is just over $10
million. The farm will be developed, owned and operated by O2 Energies, based in
Cornelius, N.C. During construction, the farm will provide work for more than 50
people.

The Horry Electric Cooperative in Conway, S.C., has been selected to receive a
$52 million loan to build or improve 624 miles of line and make other system
improvements. The loan amount includes $2.3 million for smart grid projects.

View the complete list of recipients and projects receiving funding under
today's announcement. Each loan is contingent upon the recipient meeting the
terms of the loan agreement.

USDA has invested nearly $2.5 billion in electric infrastructure improvements in
FY 2014 and almost $31 billion since 2009. In FY 2014 alone, USDA loan
guarantees have helped build or improve 19,000 miles of electric transmission
and distribution lines.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Guelph Tribune

                           September 24, 2013 Tuesday
                                  ONT Edition

Soccer dome resolution no cost to community

SECTION: Pg. 0

LENGTH: 310  words


John E. Burns' letter to the editor (Tribune, Sept. 17) would benefit with some
real facts.The financing of the dome resulted from a $900,000 loan to Guelph
Community Sports, in which the city acts as a guarantor, and $800,000 invested
by Guelph Soccer. These not-for-profit organizations combined to provide the
City of Guelph and the community an indoor dome facility, largely for the
benefit of our youth, for virtually no cost to our city.What did this cost the
community?

Burns is correct about the $100,000 investment, but I don't think it is fair to
suggest there was property tax waived, as the dome sits on fallow parkland where
no tax revenue existed anyway. The original business plan with the city was
predicated on a 15-year loan amortization period to reach its affordability
targets. However, the city agreement stipulated a 10-year term.The resulting
monthly payments exceeded revenues, as you would expect. Guelph Soccer has
subsidized the shortfall over the last three years to the tune of about $200,000
at no cost to the city. Guelph Soccer can no longer afford to do so.As a result,
the city recommended that Guelph Community Sports seek a loan extension for five
more years (the original business plan term) to bring monthly loan payments back
into an affordable position. The bank reviewed the proposal and agreed this was
an affordable solution.This solution only requires the city to extend their
existing guarantee at no cost to the city or the community. Let's review. Two
not-for-profit organizations have combined to provide their community with a
$2-million indoor facility for 15 years for the cost of only $100,000 to the
city and its signature on a guarantee for a further five years on the last
$500,000 or remaining 25 per cent.I fail to see how this could make Burns
resentful and distressed.David W. TackChair, Guelph Soccer

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Arizona Capitol Times

                          September 14, 2011 Wednesday

Keeping rural Arizona 'afloat': USDA development program provided $750 million
to bolster outlying areas

BYLINE: Don Harris

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1466  words


The three most prevalent words in politics these days are jobs, jobs, jobs.

On one hand, incumbents are doing and saying what they think they should in
order to hang onto their jobs, and challengers are scurrying about trying to
figure out ways to snatch those jobs for their very own.

But the jobs that really matter are the ones that constituents still have, are
in danger of losing, have lost or are applying for.

Jim Rounds, senior vice president/senior economist at Elliott D. Pollack &
Company, says people who are unemployed probably won't find a job for the rest
of the year, and people who have jobs probably will keep them, but they're still
concerned and are cutting back on spending.

Arizona went from second in the nation in job growth in 2006 to 49th in 2009 and
2010, Rounds says, but he sees marked improvements ahead. "Before mid-decade we
will be in the top five in the country again in both population and employment
growth," he says. "But, gone are the days of us also creating higher wage jobs
with no effort. Also gone are the days of the state outperforming the country in
times of recession, as was recently demonstrated. It will take a while to turn
things around. "

In these dire economic times, government agencies at the federal and state
levels - and in Arizona it's the public/private quasi-governmental Arizona
Commerce Authority - are tasked with providing loans, grants, loan guarantees
and myriad incentives designed to help the private sector create or retain jobs.

At the federal level, the U.S. Department of Agriculture invested more than $750
million in rural Arizona communities during fiscal year 2010, creating or saving
several thousand jobs, according to Alan Stephens, Arizona director of the USDA
Rural Development program.

Last month, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced grant recipients of the
agency's Rural Energy for America Program (REAP), 10 of which will be given to
smallArizona rural businesses. REAP offers funds for farmers, ranchers and rural
small businesses to purchase and install renewable energy systems and make
energy-efficiency improvements. These federal funds leverage other funding
sources for small businesses.

"All of the 10 grants here in Arizona will be used for solar projects," Stephens
says, "which makes sense given our abundant sunshine. "

The Arizona projects represent businesses in Chino Valley, Willcox, Bisbee,
Cottonwood and Fort Mohave.

Dianna Jennings, the agency's public affairs specialist, provides a breakdown of
some of the USDA's Rural Development efforts in Arizona.

In the Business Loans division, 11 loans were made totaling

$28 million, resulting in 471 jobs saved or created in rural Arizona, Jennings
says. Ten were guaranteed loans, meaning a bank or lending institution made the
loan and the feds guarantee it.

"In rural areas, where access to capital is so limited, our guarantee program
often drives lending," Jennings says. "Banks may think the business plan looks
good, but perhaps there isn't a track record or the economy is a little shaky.
They might deny a small business loan without the guarantee, but they have
enough of risk mitigation with our guarantee to take the chance on the small
business. "

In housing, USDA did 3,252 guaranteed home loans; 140 home loans through the
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (ARRA) of 2009; and nearly 300 other
home-related loans.

That represents 3,685 Arizona homes built, purchased or repaired in fiscal year
2010, under the USDA Rural Development program. Translated into jobs, the feds
use the figure of two jobs per home, which totals an estimated 7,370 jobs from
housing programs.

Under the USDA's Community Facility Program, 10 loans totaling $51 million were
made, Jennings says, saving or creating an estimated 878 jobs.

Jobs spawned by the single-family housing, community facilities and business
projects total 8,719. What's not included are jobs created through USDA's
RuralDevelopment Water and Waste Water Program, which involved several large
projects for a total of nearly

$29 million, plus $169 million in utility funding for broadband, electric and
telecom projects.

Job figures are based on the actual jobs reported by project managers and the
estimated jobs based on industry estimates for the other programs, Stephens
says.

"Although we can only estimate the impact created by the record investments by
USDA Rural Development in Arizona in FY2010, there is no doubt that it had a
huge impact in helping our rural communities stay afloat...and boosting
employment in the areas of our state most vulnerable to job loss," Stephens
says.

Jennings says funding for the housing program was 97 percent loans, 3 percent
grants; for business programs, 89 percent loans,

11 percent grants; and for community programs, 57 percent loans,

43 percent grants, mostly for water/waste water grants in low-income areas.

Sandra Watson, executive vice president and chief operating officer of the
Arizona Commerce Authority, touts the fledgling agency's game plan designed to
secure "better jobs for our citizens, and helping to create an Arizona that is
globally competitive. "

"The ACA will focus exclusively on business attraction, growth and expansion of
Arizona's strongest economic sectors, including science/technology,
aerospace/defense, renewable energies and small business/entrepreneurial
expansion efforts," Watson says.

By far the largest economic development project in the past year was the
announcement last October that Intel Corporation plans to invest $6 billion to
$8 billion in manufacturing to support future technology advancements in
facilities throughout the country, including its massive site in Chandler. The
investment will support the creation of 6,000 to 8,000 construction jobs and 800
to 1,000 new permanent high-tech jobs nationally, with a significant portion
destined for Arizona. Intel's Chandler facility employs approximately 9,700 and
is the company's second largest site.

In addition to the Intel project, from July 1, 2010, to June 30, 2011, the ACA
reports having coordinated efforts to locate, relocate or assist with the
expansion of more than 30 companies, projecting the creation of nearly 11,000
jobs within three years and generating more than $1.3 billion in capital
investment. The average salary of the jobs created, according to the ACA, is
$52,261.

Early this year, the ACA reported awarding $2 million in ARRA money to 21 rural
entities throughout the state. ACA estimates the grants resulted in the creation
of more than 500 full-time jobs and 80 part-time jobs, and generated

$12.8 million in matching and other funds. Among the communities that benefitted
were Eloy, Flagstaff, Safford, Yuma, Kayenta, Prescott Valley, Clifton,
Florence, Wickenburg, Douglas and La Paz and Mohave counties.

Rounds of Elliott D. Pollack & Company says he's tracking raw job numbers,
regardless of quality. "In the longer term, though, we also need to focus on
growing well," the economist says. "We need to start making stuff again, not
just homes and other buildings, but higher value-added products and services,
products that are made locally and consumed out of state. These are called
'base' industries. "

Government, Rounds says, affects these industries at the margin. Arizona has
lost 300,000 jobs, and Rounds says it's up to government to create competitive
tax rates and invest in education in order to attract higher-paying jobs in
better industries.

"Government can improve the quality, the private sector will take care of the
quantity," he says. "First and foremost, we need to be competitive in the
basics: tax rates, regulation policies, and the provision of physical and
intellectual infrastructure. The government can directly impact these. But,
labor costs, labor quality, and other operating expenses are also considered by
businesses. These are more difficult to impact. Economic incentives are also
important in select cases.  But, care must be taken in their use. "

Corporate profits are higher than ever, Rounds says, adding, "That doesn't seem
to jibe with the state of the economy. It's mainly in the financial sectors and
manufacturing. Profits are very high, but business spending on plant expansion
will be slow. We're getting closer to seeing some limited investment, though.
Hiring will be relatively slow, but there will be more pressure to hire by the
end of the year. There is lots of money sitting on the sidelines. Banks are
going to have to start lending again. "

Rounds gives the Arizona Commerce Authority high marks, so far: "The upper
management of the ACA is much more knowledgeable than I was anticipating, as are
some of the senior staff. They have also demonstrated a willingness to take a
leadership role in terms of economic development. A lot of work remains, but so
far, so good. "

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                             July 1, 2009 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

BUSINESS LOOKING TO GROW SHOULD CHECKOUT SBA PROGRAMS

BYLINE: Bud Gayhart

SECTION: CAPITAL REGION BUSINESS JOURNAL; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 708 words


As small businesses work to recover from this economic downturn, owners may be
looking for opportunities to grow their enterprises. The past several months may
have resulted in competitors closing their operations. As a result, this may
present the possibility for expansion within existing markets or entry into new
market sectors.

The stimulus bill signed into law in February includes money for Small Business
Administration loan guarantee programs. Two of those programs, 504 Certified
Development Company and the 7(a) have been modified to assist small businesses
to recover and expand.

The SBA does not loan money, it provides loan guarantees through SBA-approved
lenders, typically banks and some credit unions. The loan guarantee provides the
lender with assurance that their risk (for the loan) will be mitigated should
the borrower get into trouble. Having an SBA guarantee does not reduce the
lender's obligation to evaluate the applicant's business plan and verify the
expectation that the loan will be repaid.

The changes to the 504 Certified Development Company and the 7(a) programs
include the elimination of the application fee and the increase in the guarantee
level to 90 percent. According to the SBA, the 7(a) program can be used for the
following: 7(a) loan proceeds may be used to establish a new business or to
assist in the operation, acquisition or expansion of an existing business. These
may include (non-exclusive):

* To buy land or buildings, to cover new construction as well as expansion or
conversion of existing facilities;

* To acquire equipment, machinery, furniture, fixtures, supplies or materials;

* For long-term working capital including the payment of accounts payable and/or
for the purchase of inventory;

* To refinance existing business debt that is not already structured with
reasonable terms and conditions;

* For short-term working capital needs including: seasonal financing, contract
performance, construction financing, export production and for financing against
existing inventory and receivable under special conditions; or

* To buy an existing business.

A simplistic overview of the 504 program includes these terms: The CDC/504 loan
program is a long-term financing tool for economic development within a
community. The 504 Program provides growing businesses with long-term,
fixed-rate financing for major fixed assets, such as land and buildings. A
Certified Development Company is a nonprofit corporation set up to contribute to
the economic development of its community. CDCs work with the SBA and
private-sector lenders to provide financing to small businesses. There are about
270 CDCs nationwide, with each covering a specific geographic area.

Typically, a 504 project includes a loan secured with a senior lien from a
private-sector lender covering up to 50 percent of the project cost, a loan
secured with a junior lien from the CDC (backed by a 100 percent SBA-guaranteed
debenture) covering up to 40 percent of the cost, and a contribution of at least
10 percent equity from the small business being helped.

Proceeds from 504 loans must be used for fixed asset projects such as: buying
land and improvements, including existing buildings, grading, street
improvements, utilities, parking lots and landscaping; construction of new
facilities, or modernizing, renovating or converting existing facilities; or
buying long-term machinery and equipment.

The 504 Program cannot be used for working capital or inventory, consolidating
or repaying debt, or refinancing.

The guidelines above are not intended to be complete but only to supply elements
of the programs that may trigger your interest.

You can learn more about the SBA loan guarantee program at the SBA Web site,
www.sba.gov . You may also contact an SBA-approved lender to get more
information.

The expansion of the 7(a) loan guarantee to 90 percent and the waiver of the
application fee is an attractive incentive to consider an SBA-backed loan as a
tool for financing your company's growth and/or recovery.

The stimulus dollars are covering the cost of the expanded guarantee and the
application fee.

When the allocated stimulus dollars are exhausted, the loan guarantee programs -
both 7(a) and 504 - will revert to their former structure.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                           January 30, 2013 Wednesday

HUD approves $42 million in loan guarantee to New Mexicans

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 351 words


ALBUQUERQUE - The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development announced
that it is approving a $42 million loan guarantee to the state of New Mexico.
This federal loan guarantee assistance is a first for the state, which will
establish a loan fund to support economic development projects in smaller, often
rural communities throughout New Mexico.

The State estimates that these projects will create 844 new jobs, primarily for
the benefit of low- and moderate-income persons.

This is not a HUD loan. HUD's Section 108 Loan Guarantee Assistance Program
enables local governments to borrow money at reduced interest rates to promote
economic development, stimulate job growth and improve public facilities.

Such public 'guarantee' is often needed to inspire private capital
contributions, to provide seed money or to simply boost confidence that private
firms and individuals may need to invest in distressed areas.

The security for the loan guarantee not only includes a pledge by the state of
its current and future Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) funds, but also
will include the pledge of assets related to the economic development projects
assisted with this loan guarantee financing.

"HUD's Loan Guarantee Program can be a powerful public investment tool to drive
economic development in underserved areas," said HUD Acting Regional
Administrator Mark Brezina. "The program will be a boost to community
revitalization efforts and provide jobs for residents who need them most."

New Mexico's Department of Finance and Administration, Local Government
Division, will administer this initiative to eligible communities across New
Mexico that meet program and financial underwriting criteria and have been
reviewed by the state Community Development Council.

HUD's mission is to create strong, sustainable, inclusive communities and
quality affordable homes for all. HUD is working to strengthen the housing
market to bolster the economy and protect consumers; meet the need for quality
affordable rental homes.

More information about HUD and its programs is available on the Internet at
www.hud.gov.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2013 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Carlsbad Current-Argus (New Mexico)

                            October 13, 2008 Monday

Government backs loans for the rural entrepreneur

BYLINE: From the Current-Argus

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 702 words


By John C. Woosley, district director
U. S. Small Business Administration, New Mexico District Office
At a time when banks are loath to lend money to other banks, New Mexico's rural
entrepreneurs may wonder if it's even worth trying to obtain the credit they
need to stay in business.


That's where the Small Business Administration and its partners come in with
programs to help launch and build rural businesses and to help rural innovators
overcome the special problems posed by distance from customers, markets and
workers and the lack of a telecommunications infrastructure.
SBA's financial assistance consists of guarantees to banks to share the risk of
lending to entrepreneurs. Just this year the agency instituted the Rural Lender
Advantage initiative to foster economic development in rural areas by making it
easier for smaller community banks to partner with the SBA to finance small
businesses. With a maximum loan amount of $350,000, expedited approval, limited
documentation requirements and the federal government's guarantee that the bank
won't lose its entire investment in case of default, this tool makes community
banks more willing to help New Mexico's rural entrepreneurs pursue their
business goals.
Pick your loan
The Patriot Express loan is the best deal available for those who are eligible:
veterans, National Guard members and reservists, active-duty military in
transition to civilian life, spouses of those in the military and spouses of
service members who died in the military or of service-related causes. This
express loan requires little documentation beyond the bank's own loan
requirements and provides up to $500,000 with the full SBA guarantee (the
government promises, in case of borrower default, to repay 85 percent of loans
up to $150,000 and 75 percent of larger loans). An additional benefit to the
borrower is the federal agency's lowest interest rate, and some New Mexico banks
add sweeteners of their own to the Patriot Express deal.
The Community Express initiative focuses on economically stressed areas of the
state. It is available in any part of New Mexico for up to $25,000, and many of
the state's rural areas are eligible for up to $250,000. Community Express
provides technical assistance for the borrower and expedited approval designed
to get funding where it's needed as quickly as possible.
Microloans are for borrowers not ready to request a loan from a bank.
Microlenders work closely with borrowers and are often able to make loans that
banks can't. The SBA microloan program is managed in New Mexico by WESST Corp.
The Loan Fund and ACCION New Mexico are also microlenders and are very active in
rural areas.
Finally, SBA's 504 loan program backs larger ventures and those with a
real-estate orientation. It has proved useful for manufacturing facilities and
tourist development in rural areas with a maximum project amount of $10 million.

A map to the money
New Mexico is the nation's fifth-largest state in terms of area, and it is the
SBA's third-largest district. Nevertheless, nearly every New Mexican lives
within 100 miles of one of the 30 places where SBA or its partners provides
management and technical assistance in New Mexico: the district office in
Albuquerque; three chapters of the Service Corps of Retired Executives (SCORE);
six offices of WESST Corp., the New Mexico Women's Business Centers; and 19
Small Business Development Centers, some of which have branch offices.
SBA provides a small business Internet search engine at www.business.gov that
provides information about starting a business -- even in rural areas of the
state. The SBA New Mexico Web site, www.sba.gov/nm, provides access to a wealth
of business planning and management tools, information about SBA financing
programs, government contracting assistance and access to the many other
services SBA provides nationwide.
Finance New Mexico is an initiative of the New Mexico Small Business Investment
Corporation (NMSBIC) and its partners to assist individuals and businesses in
obtaining skills and funding-resources for their business or idea. To learn more
about resources available to New Mexico businesses or to use the capital
search-tool, go to www.FinanceNewMexico.org.


LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2008 Carlsbad Current-Argus, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 11, 2016 Sunday

Washington: Legislation would support the construction of psychiatric facilities
providing short-term inpatient care

LENGTH: 473  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Jaime Herrera Beutler has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Representatives Derek Kilmer (D-WA), Jaime Herrera Beutler (R-WA), and Tim
Murphy (R-PA) introduced legislation today that would help people suffering from
a behavioral health or substance abuse crisis get more immediate help. The
Mental Health and Substance Abuse Treatment Accessibility Act of 2016 would
allow the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to provide loans and
loan guarantees to local entities with plans to build psychiatric and substance
abuse facilities.





 Across the country there is an acute need for facilities that provide
short-term stays for individuals suffering from psychiatric and substance
disorders. The Treatment Advocacy Center reports that there are just 37,559
inpatient beds available nationwide for an average of 11.7 inpatient beds per
100,000 people. The same survey found that the number should be closer to 40 to
60 beds per 100,000 people.



 "Our country is facing a mental health challenge that has hit all our
communities," said Kilmer. "Too many of our neighbors are suffering from
behavioral and substance abuse disorders and not getting proper treatment. That
has left emergency rooms and jail cells overwhelmed while leaving families
hurting. I'm proud to work with Representatives Herrera Beutler and Murphy to
introduce a bill that will give a jump-start to local proposals to build brand
new psychiatric facilities."



 "Far too often, people suffering a mental health or substance abuse crisis
don't get the immediate help they need because our communities lack the
necessary resources," said Jaime. "By partnering with Representatives Kilmer and
Murphy on this solution, we hope to better address the needs of those struggling
with mental illness, make available more resources to keep our communities safe,
and relieve the overload on emergency rooms ill-equipped for these cases.
Importantly, this solution will pay for itself and provide value to Southwest
Washington taxpayers while strengthening our communities."

  "Access to inpatient mental healthcare is a cornerstone to our effort in
delivering treatment before tragedy. This bill will work to make that possible,
and I am pleased to support Rep. Kilmer's bipartisan approach to improving
access to crisis mental health care," said Murphy.



 Under the members' bill, HHS could offer loans and guarantees to psychiatric
treatment facilities, substance abuse treatment facilities, and public and
private psychiatric hospitals for the planning and construction of new
facilities. The bill would also make needed investments to community based
outpatient programs with any revenue generated from the loans.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 11, 2016 Sunday

Washington: Legislation would support the construction of psychiatric facilities
providing short-term inpatient care

LENGTH: 473  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Jaime Herrera Beutler has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Representatives Derek Kilmer (D-WA), Jaime Herrera Beutler (R-WA), and Tim
Murphy (R-PA) introduced legislation today that would help people suffering from
a behavioral health or substance abuse crisis get more immediate help. The
Mental Health and Substance Abuse Treatment Accessibility Act of 2016 would
allow the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to provide loans and
loan guarantees to local entities with plans to build psychiatric and substance
abuse facilities.





 Across the country there is an acute need for facilities that provide
short-term stays for individuals suffering from psychiatric and substance
disorders. The Treatment Advocacy Center reports that there are just 37,559
inpatient beds available nationwide for an average of 11.7 inpatient beds per
100,000 people. The same survey found that the number should be closer to 40 to
60 beds per 100,000 people.



 "Our country is facing a mental health challenge that has hit all our
communities," said Kilmer. "Too many of our neighbors are suffering from
behavioral and substance abuse disorders and not getting proper treatment. That
has left emergency rooms and jail cells overwhelmed while leaving families
hurting. I'm proud to work with Representatives Herrera Beutler and Murphy to
introduce a bill that will give a jump-start to local proposals to build brand
new psychiatric facilities."



 "Far too often, people suffering a mental health or substance abuse crisis
don't get the immediate help they need because our communities lack the
necessary resources," said Jaime. "By partnering with Representatives Kilmer and
Murphy on this solution, we hope to better address the needs of those struggling
with mental illness, make available more resources to keep our communities safe,
and relieve the overload on emergency rooms ill-equipped for these cases.
Importantly, this solution will pay for itself and provide value to Southwest
Washington taxpayers while strengthening our communities."

  "Access to inpatient mental healthcare is a cornerstone to our effort in
delivering treatment before tragedy. This bill will work to make that possible,
and I am pleased to support Rep. Kilmer's bipartisan approach to improving
access to crisis mental health care," said Murphy.



 Under the members' bill, HHS could offer loans and guarantees to psychiatric
treatment facilities, substance abuse treatment facilities, and public and
private psychiatric hospitals for the planning and construction of new
facilities. The bill would also make needed investments to community based
outpatient programs with any revenue generated from the loans.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           October 1, 2008 Wednesday

Local projects get boost from USDA grants

BYLINE: By HOWARD WEISS-TISMAN, Reformer Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 401 words


BRATTLEBORO -- Planned projects throughout Windham County received more than $5
million in federal loans and grants at a USDA Rural Development presentation
Monday.

Representatives from the arts, education, transportation and conservation were
there to pick up their checks from USDA Rural Development state director Jolinda
LaClair and Gov. James Douglas.

LaClair recognized the wide variety of organizations that were there to receive
the money Monday, and acknowledged Southeastern Vermont's success in supporting
each of them to build a stronger overall community.

"The dreams are all the same," she said. "Brattleboro stood out. This is a $5
million investment within 10 miles. That is a lot of money."

USDA Rural Development gives out loans and grants to rural communities around
the country, concentrating on public facilities and services, economic
development and community development.

The money that was presented in Brattleboro will go to everything from
renovating a 35-year old day care center to upgrading a conservation minded home
building center.

"This is all about a quality of life," LaClair said as she introduced
Brattleboro Arts Initiative board member Pam Matweecha.

The ceremony was held in the Robert H. Gibson River Garden and LaClair said
Building a Better Brattleboro's work to save and renovate the space was a worthy
investment in the vitality of downtown.

Building a Better Brattleboro accepted a $140,000 loan and a $40,000 grant to
continue its work on the downtown public space.

Howard Weiss-Tisman can be reached at hwtisman@reform-er.com or 802-254-2311,
ext. 279.

The following area organizations received USDA Rural Development grants and
loans Monday:

* Building a Better Brattleboro: $140,000 loan and $40,000 grant for the Robert
H. Gibson River Garden.

* The Family Garden Day Care, Inc.: $50,000 loan and $56,000 grant to renovate
facility.

* Brattleboro Arts Initiative, Inc.: $45,000 grant to replace and upgrade
elevator at Latchis Hotel.

* ReNew Building Materials & Salvage, Inc.: $1.05 million loan to purchase and
renovate building.

* Hilltop Montessori School: $2.7 million in loans and loan guarantees for new
school.

* Windham Solid Waste Management District: $120,000 grant for technical
assistance and education.

* Connecticut River Transit: $550,000 loan guarantee for new facility in
Rockingham.

* Yellow Barn, Inc.: $425,000 loan to purchase eight rehearsal spaces.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              47 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 19, 2016 Monday

Washington: Kilmer, Herrera Beutler & Murphy Introduce Bipartisan Bill to Help
Mental Health Patients in Crisis

LENGTH: 472  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Derek Kilmer has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Representatives Derek Kilmer (D-WA), Jaime Herrera Beutler (R-WA), and Tim
Murphy (R-PA) introduced legislation today that would help people suffering from
a behavioral health or substance abuse crisis get more immediate help. The
Mental Health and Substance Abuse Treatment Accessibility Act of 2016 would
allow the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to provide loans and
loan guarantees to local entities with plans to build psychiatric and substance
abuse facilities.





 Across the country there is an acute need for facilities that provide
short-term stays for individuals suffering from psychiatric and substance
disorders. The Treatment Advocacy Center reports that there are just 37,559
inpatient beds available nationwide for an average of 11.7 inpatient beds per
100,000 people. The same survey found that the number should be closer to 40 to
60 beds per 100,000 people.



 "Our country is facing a mental health challenge that has hit all our
communities," said Kilmer. "Too many of our neighbors are suffering from
behavioral and substance abuse disorders and not getting proper treatment. That
has left emergency rooms and jail cells overwhelmed while leaving families
hurting. I'm proud to work with Representatives Herrera Beutler and Murphy to
introduce a bill that will give a jump-start to local proposals to build brand
new psychiatric facilities."



 "Far too often, people suffering a mental health or substance abuse crisis
don't get the immediate help they need because our communities lack the
necessary resources," said Jaime. "By partnering with Representatives Kilmer and
Murphy on this solution, we hope to better address the needs of those struggling
with mental illness, make available more resources to keep our communities safe,
and relieve the overload on emergency rooms ill-equipped for these cases.
Importantly, this solution will pay for itself and provide value to Southwest
Washington taxpayers while strengthening our communities."



 "Access to inpatient mental healthcare is a cornerstone to our effort in
delivering treatment before tragedy. This bill will work to make that possible,
and I am pleased to support Rep. Kilmer's bipartisan approach to improving
access to crisis mental health care," said Murphy.



 Under the members' bill, HHS could offer loans and guarantees to psychiatric
treatment facilities, substance abuse treatment facilities, and public and
private psychiatric hospitals for the planning and construction of new
facilities. The bill would also make needed investments to community based
outpatient programs with any revenue generated from the loans.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 19, 2016 Monday

Washington: Kilmer, Herrera Beutler & Murphy Introduce Bipartisan Bill to Help
Mental Health Patients in Crisis

LENGTH: 472  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Derek Kilmer has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Representatives Derek Kilmer (D-WA), Jaime Herrera Beutler (R-WA), and Tim
Murphy (R-PA) introduced legislation today that would help people suffering from
a behavioral health or substance abuse crisis get more immediate help. The
Mental Health and Substance Abuse Treatment Accessibility Act of 2016 would
allow the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to provide loans and
loan guarantees to local entities with plans to build psychiatric and substance
abuse facilities.





 Across the country there is an acute need for facilities that provide
short-term stays for individuals suffering from psychiatric and substance
disorders. The Treatment Advocacy Center reports that there are just 37,559
inpatient beds available nationwide for an average of 11.7 inpatient beds per
100,000 people. The same survey found that the number should be closer to 40 to
60 beds per 100,000 people.



 "Our country is facing a mental health challenge that has hit all our
communities," said Kilmer. "Too many of our neighbors are suffering from
behavioral and substance abuse disorders and not getting proper treatment. That
has left emergency rooms and jail cells overwhelmed while leaving families
hurting. I'm proud to work with Representatives Herrera Beutler and Murphy to
introduce a bill that will give a jump-start to local proposals to build brand
new psychiatric facilities."



 "Far too often, people suffering a mental health or substance abuse crisis
don't get the immediate help they need because our communities lack the
necessary resources," said Jaime. "By partnering with Representatives Kilmer and
Murphy on this solution, we hope to better address the needs of those struggling
with mental illness, make available more resources to keep our communities safe,
and relieve the overload on emergency rooms ill-equipped for these cases.
Importantly, this solution will pay for itself and provide value to Southwest
Washington taxpayers while strengthening our communities."



 "Access to inpatient mental healthcare is a cornerstone to our effort in
delivering treatment before tragedy. This bill will work to make that possible,
and I am pleased to support Rep. Kilmer's bipartisan approach to improving
access to crisis mental health care," said Murphy.



 Under the members' bill, HHS could offer loans and guarantees to psychiatric
treatment facilities, substance abuse treatment facilities, and public and
private psychiatric hospitals for the planning and construction of new
facilities. The bill would also make needed investments to community based
outpatient programs with any revenue generated from the loans.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              49 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 11, 2016 Sunday

Washington: Kilmer, Herrera Beutler & Murphy Introduce Bipartisan Bill to Help
Mental Health Patients in Crisis

LENGTH: 471  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Derek Kilmer has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Representatives Derek Kilmer (D-WA), Jaime Herrera Beutler (R-WA), and Tim
Murphy (R-PA) introduced legislation today that would help people suffering from
a behavioral health or substance abuse crisis get more immediate help. The
Mental Health and Substance Abuse Treatment Accessibility Act of 2016 would
allow the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to provide loans and
loan guarantees to local entities with plans to build psychiatric and substance
abuse facilities.





 Across the country there is an acute need for facilities that provide
short-term stays for individuals suffering from psychiatric and substance
disorders. The Treatment Advocacy Center reports that there are just 37,559
inpatient beds available nationwide for an average of 11.7 inpatient beds per
100,000 people. The same survey found that the number should be closer to 40 to
60 beds per 100,000 people.



 "Our country is facing a mental health challenge that has hit all our
communities," said Kilmer. "Too many of our neighbors are suffering from
behavioral and substance abuse disorders and not getting proper treatment. That
has left emergency rooms and jail cells overwhelmed while leaving families
hurting. I'm proud to work with Representatives Herrera Beutler and Murphy to
introduce a bill that will give a jump-start to local proposals to build brand
new psychiatric facilities."



 "Far too often, people suffering a mental health or substance abuse crisis
don't get the immediate help they need because our communities lack the
necessary resources," said Jaime. "By partnering with Representatives Kilmer and
Murphy on this solution, we hope to better address the needs of those struggling
with mental illness, make available more resources to keep our communities safe,
and relieve the overload on emergency rooms ill-equipped for these cases.
Importantly, this solution will pay for itself and provide value to Southwest
Washington taxpayers while strengthening our communities."



 "Access to inpatient mental healthcare is a cornerstone to our effort in
delivering treatment before tragedy. This bill will work to make that possible,
and I am pleased to support Rep. Kilmer's bipartisan approach to improving
access to crisis mental health care," said Murphy.



 Under the members' bill, HHS could offer loans and guarantees to psychiatric
treatment facilities, substance abuse treatment facilities, and public and
private psychiatric hospitals for the planning and construction of new
facilities. The bill would also make needed investments to community based
outpatient programs with any revenue generated from the loans.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Southland Times (New Zealand)

                            August 1, 2009 Saturday

QLDC, group in row over gym funding

BYLINE: Will Hine; In QUEENSTOWN

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 404 words


'Why should QLDC and its ratepayers play banker to somebody's pet project? The
sports community don't want a gym.' Simon Spark QUEENSTOWN LAKES DISTRICT
councillors were yesterday told they were not playing ball over the funding of a
new community- owned Frankton gym.

A ruckus developed when members of the Wakatipu Sports User Group spoke at a
full meeting of the council in Queenstown.

Simon Spark told councillors their decision to guarantee a loan for the new
Lakes Leisure gym was "indefensible".

Guaranteed by council in May, the $780,000 loan will allow Lakes Leisure to open
the Four Season Fitness Facility at Alpine Aqualand later this year.

Tabling letters from five sports clubs, Mr Spark said the council should be
focused on funding basic services such as changing rooms, playing fields and
staff, instead of backing a gym the community did not need or want.

"Why should QLDC and its ratepayers play banker to somebody's pet project?" he
asked.

"The sports community don't want a gym."

But council community services general manager Paul Wilson returned serve
following the meeting, saying the loan guarantee did not impact in any way on
funding of community sports infrastructure.

Funding for new sports areas, earlier referred to by Mr Spark as a "pitiful
allocation", was all council could afford at the moment.

The council had funded three of the four most-critical projects identified by
the sports user group in the recent 10-year plan process, he said.

Mr Wilson asked who the group represented, saying the Queenstown Hockey Club had
helped design and fund a new hockey area that Mr Spark described as
"ill-conceived".

Lakes Leisure also shouldered arms to the sports user group barrage, with chief
executive Fiona McKissock saying she had explained the funding arrangement
clearly.

"I'm so surprised. I spent hours with them . . . and explained this is a
guarantee for a stand-alone business case."

When asked whether Lakes Leisure had consulted widely enough about the gym, Ms
McKissock said it was always planned that a fitness centre would be installed at
Alpine Aqualand.

Ms McKissock confirmed the body would report publicly twice a year on its
cashflow.

She acknowledged the council would be fiscally responsible for any operating
shortfall, but said the gym would be a profit-making venture that would reduce
ratepayer funding of the organisation.

The gym was expected to open on October 24.

will.hine@stl.co.nz

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Taos News (New Mexico)

                           November 13, 2008 Thursday

CREDIT CRUNCH ISN'T SQUEEZING EQUITY LENDERS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B-6

LENGTH: 707 words


At a time when banks are loath to lend money to other banks, New Mexico's rural
entrepreneurs may wonder if it's even worth trying to obtain the credit they
need to stay in business.

That's where the Small Business Administration and its partners come in with
programs to help launch and build rural businesses and to help rural innovators
overcome the special problems posed by distance from customers, markets and
workers and the lack of a telecommunications infrastructure.

SBA's financial assistance consists of guarantees to banks to share the risk of
lending to entrepreneurs. Just this year the agency instituted the Rural Lender
Advantage initiative to foster economic development in rural areas by making it
easier for smaller community banks to partner with the SBA to finance small
businesses.

With a maximum loan amount of $350,000, expedited approval, limited
documentation requirements and the federal government's guarantee that the bank
won't lose its entire investment in case of default, this tool makes community
banks more willing to help New Mexico's rural entrepreneurs pursue their
business goals.

Pick your loan

The Patriot Express loan is the best deal available for those who are eligible:
veterans, National Guard members and reservists, active-duty military in
transition to civilian life, spouses of those in the military and spouses of
service members who died in the military or of service-related causes.

This express loan requires little documentation beyond the bank's own loan
requirements and provides up to $500,000 with the full SBA guarantee (the
government promises, in case of borrower default, to repay 85 percent of loans
up to $150,000 and 75 percent of larger loans). An additional benefit to the
borrower is the federal agency's lowest interest rate, and some New Mexico banks
add sweeteners of their own to the Patriot Express deal.

The Community Express initiative focuses on economically stressed areas of the
state. It is available in any part of New Mexico for up to $25,000, and many of
the state's rural areas are eligible for up to $250,000. Community Express
provides technical assistance for the borrower and expedited approval designed
to get funding where it's needed as quickly as possible.

Microloans are for borrowers not ready to request a loan from a bank.
Microlenders work closely with borrowers and are often able to make loans that
banks can't. The SBA microloan program is managed in New Mexico by WESST Corp.
The Loan Fund and ACCION New Mexico are also microlenders and are very active in
rural areas.

Finally, SBA's 504 loan program backs larger ventures and those with a
real-estate orientation. It has proved useful for manufacturing facilities and
tourist development in rural areas with a maximum project amount of $10 million.

A map to the money

New Mexico is the nation's fifth-largest state in terms of area, and it is the
SBA's third-largest district. Nevertheless, nearly every New Mexican lives
within 100 miles of one of the 30 places where SBA or its partners provides
management and technical assistance in New Mexico: the district office in
Albuquerque; three chapters of the Service Corps of Retired Executives (SCORE);
six offices of WESST Corp., the New Mexico Women's Business Centers; and 19
Small Business Development Centers, some of which have branch offices.

SBA provides a small business Internet search engine at www.business.gov that
provides information about starting a business -- even in rural areas of the
state. The SBA New Mexico Web site, www.sba.gov/nm, provides access to a wealth
of business planning and management tools, information about SBA financing
programs, government contracting assistance and access to the many other
services SBA provides nationwide.

John C. Woosley, district director of U. S. Small Business Administration, New
Mexico District Office, is the author of this column.

Finance New Mexico is an initiative of the New Mexico Small Business Investment
Corporation (NMSBIC) and its partners to assist individuals and businesses in
obtaining skills and funding-resources for their business or idea. To learn more
about resources available to New Mexico businesses or to use the capital
search-tool, go to www.FinanceNewMexico.org.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2008 The Taos News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             August 8, 2010 Sunday

International Isotopes Inc. Announces Continued Progress Towards the Licensing
and Construction of its Planned Uranium De-Conversion and Fluorine Extraction
Processing Facility

LENGTH: 652  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Aug. 08 -- International Isotopes Inc. (OTC Bulletin Board: INIS)
announces further progress in its plans to license and construct the nation's
first commercial depleted uranium de-conversion and fluorine extraction
processing facility near Hobbs, New Mexico.

The U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission has conducted its public scoping meeting
on the project as part of its license and environmental impact statement review
process. The meeting was conducted in Hobbs, New Mexico on July 29, 2010.
Various members of the public and State, and local government officials spoke
during the meeting and expressed their unanimous support and confidence in
International Isotopes' ability to complete the project and operate the facility
in a safe and environmentally responsible manner.

Steve T. Laflin, President and CEO of International Isotopes Inc. said, "We are
very pleased with the strong support this project continues to receive from the
State and local community. As a new commercial business in southeast New Mexico,
we recognize the importance of maintaining this positive relationship with the
community and our continuing obligations to construct a safe facility and
protect the environment".

The Company also announces it has received approval from the Department of
Energy for the adequacy of its Part 1 application under the loan guarantee
program solicitation for renewable energy and energy savings in manufacturing
processes, and has been invited to submit its Part 2 application this year. The
Company had submitted its loan guarantee application in June 2010, so the DOE
approval comes just about a month after the Part 1 submittal. If approved, the
loan guarantee would provide approximately $65 million to be used towards
construction of the depleted uranium de-conversion project.

Company CEO Laflin continued, "We are very pleased with the rapid response of
the DOE to our Part 1 application and we will immediately commence preparation
of Part 2 for submittal by year end. We have submitted our project under the
energy savings in manufacturing solicitation of the loan guarantee program on
the basis of the energy savings of our fluorine extraction process compared to
conventional fluoride gas production methods. Using FEP, we believe we can
produce these fluoride products using just a fraction of the energy typically
required to produce fluoride products by conventional means, thereby saving
millions of pounds of CO2 emissions each year."

Laflin went on to note, "We believe our project brings significant value to the
country in terms of addressing the large volumes of depleted uranium
hexafluoride that are expected to be produced in the U.S. while simultaneously
producing products important to a host of manufacturing processes. We certainly
appreciate when that recognition starts to come from many quarters. Over the
past few weeks letters of support for our loan guarantee application were
provided to the DOE from both the Idaho and the New Mexico delegations. We were
gratified to see such strong support for this project from our delegations and
the Company will make every effort to maintain our momentum and continue moving
this project forward."

About International Isotopes Inc.

International Isotopes Inc. manufactures a full range of nuclear medicine
calibration and reference standards, high purity fluoride gases, and a variety
of cobalt-60 products such as teletherapy sources. The Company also provides a
wide selection of radioisotopes and radiochemicals for medical devices,
calibration, clinical research, life sciences, and industrial applications and
provides a host of analytical, measurement, recycling, and processing services
on a contract basis to clien Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                            August 7, 2010 Saturday

International Isotopes Inc. Announces Continued Progress Towards the Licensing
and Construction of its Planned Uranium De-Conversion and Fluorine Extraction
Processing Facility

LENGTH: 652  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Aug. 07 -- International Isotopes Inc. (OTC Bulletin Board: INIS)
announces further progress in its plans to license and construct the nation's
first commercial depleted uranium de-conversion and fluorine extraction
processing facility near Hobbs, New Mexico.

The U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission has conducted its public scoping meeting
on the project as part of its license and environmental impact statement review
process. The meeting was conducted in Hobbs, New Mexico on July 29, 2010.
Various members of the public and State, and local government officials spoke
during the meeting and expressed their unanimous support and confidence in
International Isotopes' ability to complete the project and operate the facility
in a safe and environmentally responsible manner.

Steve T. Laflin, President and CEO of International Isotopes Inc. said, "We are
very pleased with the strong support this project continues to receive from the
State and local community. As a new commercial business in southeast New Mexico,
we recognize the importance of maintaining this positive relationship with the
community and our continuing obligations to construct a safe facility and
protect the environment".

The Company also announces it has received approval from the Department of
Energy for the adequacy of its Part 1 application under the loan guarantee
program solicitation for renewable energy and energy savings in manufacturing
processes, and has been invited to submit its Part 2 application this year. The
Company had submitted its loan guarantee application in June 2010, so the DOE
approval comes just about a month after the Part 1 submittal. If approved, the
loan guarantee would provide approximately $65 million to be used towards
construction of the depleted uranium de-conversion project.

Company CEO Laflin continued, "We are very pleased with the rapid response of
the DOE to our Part 1 application and we will immediately commence preparation
of Part 2 for submittal by year end. We have submitted our project under the
energy savings in manufacturing solicitation of the loan guarantee program on
the basis of the energy savings of our fluorine extraction process compared to
conventional fluoride gas production methods. Using FEP, we believe we can
produce these fluoride products using just a fraction of the energy typically
required to produce fluoride products by conventional means, thereby saving
millions of pounds of CO2 emissions each year."

Laflin went on to note, "We believe our project brings significant value to the
country in terms of addressing the large volumes of depleted uranium
hexafluoride that are expected to be produced in the U.S. while simultaneously
producing products important to a host of manufacturing processes. We certainly
appreciate when that recognition starts to come from many quarters. Over the
past few weeks letters of support for our loan guarantee application were
provided to the DOE from both the Idaho and the New Mexico delegations. We were
gratified to see such strong support for this project from our delegations and
the Company will make every effort to maintain our momentum and continue moving
this project forward."

About International Isotopes Inc.

International Isotopes Inc. manufactures a full range of nuclear medicine
calibration and reference standards, high purity fluoride gases, and a variety
of cobalt-60 products such as teletherapy sources. The Company also provides a
wide selection of radioisotopes and radiochemicals for medical devices,
calibration, clinical research, life sciences, and industrial applications and
provides a host of analytical, measurement, recycling, and processing services
on a contract basis to client Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                             April 1, 2006 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Uncle Sam still sees S. Shoreâ[#x20ac][TM]s rural roots;
U.S. Department of Agriculture lent $2.5M to womenâ[#x20ac][TM]s health clinic
in Norwell, and lost $600K

BYLINE: Sue Reinert

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 972 words


The Patriot Ledger

Women getting mammograms at Medical Diagnostic Healthcare Corp. scarcely had to
leave the highway to reach the clinic in a Norwell industrial park off Route 3.

Yet the U.S. Department of Agriculture lent $2.5 million to the center because
it met Uncle Samâ[#x20ac][TM]s definition of an â[#x20ac]oeessential community
facilityâ[#x20ac] in a â[#x20ac]oeruralâ[#x20ac] area.

Now the nonprofit company is out of business and the agriculture department is
out $600,000.

Although the clinic operators sold the business to a for-profit corporation in
January, they repaid only $1.9 million of their 2003 and 2004 loans.

The clinicâ[#x20ac][TM]s treasurer and his sister earned more than $240,000 in
salary and benefits in a year when the business lost almost $500,000.

â[#x20ac]oeThis is the first community facility loan weâ[#x20ac][TM]ve taken a
loss on since this office opened in 1978,â[#x20ac] said David Tuttle, director
of the agriculture departmentâ[#x20ac][TM]s Massachusetts rural development
office.

He refused to blame the clinic, saying it ran into equipment problems and
company officials did not collect all the salary they were owed.

The South Shore might seem like an unlikely place for the federal government to
spend rural development dollars, but since 2003 the agriculture department has
given out $10 million in loans, loan guarantees and grants to develop or sustain
facilities in the area.

Other local recipients of the rural development money include the New England
Wildlife Center in Weymouth, $2.5 million; South Shore Charter School in
Norwell, $5.5 million; Rising Tide Charter School in Plymouth, $465,000; and the
Plymouth Boys and Girls Club, $1.4 million. All received loan guarantees.

The total statewide in the last three years is $46.7 million, with most of it
going to projects in western and central counties and Cape Cod.

The community facility loan program and other development initiatives â[#x20ac]"
including the well-known Farmers Home Administration mortgage guarantee program
â[#x20ac]" date to the years after the Great Depression, Tuttle said.

The government gradually widened aid programs beyond subsidies to farmers.

â[#x20ac]oeThey realized that agriculture is an important part of our economy,
but you canâ[#x20ac][TM]t forget the communities,â[#x20ac] Tuttle said.
Community facility loans such as the one to the mammography clinic must go to
government agencies or nonprofit companies in communities of less than 20,000.
Norwellâ[#x20ac][TM]s population is 9,765.

Recipients must use the funds for an â[#x20ac]oeessential community
facilityâ[#x20ac] providing a â[#x20ac]oecommunity service,â[#x20ac] said
Richard Beaudette, community and business director in the state office.

Those requirements are more flexible than they sound. The two Plymouth projects
qualified despite the townâ[#x20ac][TM]s population of 54,600.

â[#x20ac]oePlymouth is broken up into villages,â[#x20ac] Tuttle said.
â[#x20ac]oeWeâ[#x20ac][TM]re allowed to go in and break the area off into
smaller population centers.â[#x20ac]

Medical Diagnostic Healthcare Corp. was approved even though mammograms are
available at 12 other clinics on the South Shore, including one less than 2
miles away at South Shore Medical Center in Norwell.

â[#x20ac]oeWeâ[#x20ac][TM]re talking about a difference in language,â[#x20ac]
Beaudette said. â[#x20ac]oeAn essential community facility is any one that is
providing a community service.â[#x20ac]

The companyâ[#x20ac][TM]s plan did stand out in other ways. Instead of
conventional mammograms, patients would get high-technology digital breast
exams, touted as providing a clearer picture.

Digital mammograms are more expensive and do better at detecting tumors in women
who are under 50 or have dense breast tissue, but not for other women, research
shows.

Company treasurer Paul Marasco, a Billerica businessman, said before the center
opened in 2003 that the newer technology would avoid â[#x20ac]oebringing people
back for another X-ray and increasing their anxiety.â[#x20ac]

Marasco also said the clinic would distinguish itself from other facilities by
offering counseling and case management. And the center would offer services to
low-income women, he said.

Marasco said this week that the clinic served 1,200 to 1,500 patients from 2003
to 2005 and â[#x20ac]oeworked out fine.â[#x20ac]

â[#x20ac]oeAny new organization goes through growth,â[#x20ac] he said.
â[#x20ac]oeWe certainly met our goals. We did our job, and now it will
continue.â[#x20ac]

Marasco said the company â[#x20ac]oereached outâ[#x20ac] to low-income and
elderly women. However, MassHealth, the state program for low-income families
and individuals, paid the clinic only $829.27 over three years, a spokesman
said.

It wasnâ[#x20ac][TM]t for mammograms, because MassHealth does not cover digital
exams, just conventional imaging, spokeswoman Bridget Walsh said.

Marasco earned more than $165,000 in pay and benefits as treasurer of the
company from July 1, 2003, to June 30, 2004, a year the company lost $495,000.

His sister, Maria Marasco of Andover, a former Republican legislative candidate,
earned $82,000 in the same year as director of marketing.

Paul Marasco declined to discuss his salary, the loan repayment shortfall, or
the sale to InMed Diagnostics LLC of South Carolina.

InMed, based in Columbia, S.C., operates three other imaging clinics in
Massachusetts, in Stoneham, Bourne and Dennis. It provides breast MRIs and
high-technology biopsies as well as digital mammograms, said regional manager
Dana Linn.

The company also has facilities in South Carolina and Florida. Linn said he
could not discuss details of the Norwell purchase and an official at company
headquarters did not respond to questions.

Tuttle at the U.S. Department of Agriculture said the government â[#x20ac]oemade
sure that every dime we could get came back.â[#x20ac] He said the documents were
in Washington so he could not provide details.

â[#x20ac]oeSince 1978, out of the millions of dollars in loans this is the first
one (that failed),â[#x20ac] Beaudette said.

â[#x20ac]oeWe have helped a lot of folks in Massachusetts, Rhode Island and
Connecticut,â[#x20ac] Tuttle said. Sue Reinert may be reached at
sreinert@ledger.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Patriot Ledger


                              55 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                       Basin Republican Rustler (Wyoming)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 9, 2015

USDA grant and loan classes will be April 16 and 17

BYLINE: Basin Republican Rustler staff

LENGTH: 308  words


Staff from the United States Department of Agriculture will be in Big Horn
County Thursday April 16 and Friday, April 17 to share information with
residents and businesses about programs available through USDA. The classes are
sponsored by the Big Horn County chambers of commerce.

The first class will be about the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP). Ag
producers and small businesses are the target audience. REAP provides financial
assistance to agricultural producers and small businesses in rural America to
purchase, install and construct renewable energy systems, make energy efficiency
improvements to non-residential buildings and facilities, and use renewable
technologies that reduce energy consumption. This class will be Thursday April
16 at 6 p.m.

The second class, on Friday, April 17 at 6 p.m. is targeted to lenders and
businesses. It is the Business and Industry (B & I) Guaranteed Loan Program. The
purpose of the B & I program is to improve, develop or finance business,
industry and employment as well as to improve the economic and environmental
climate in rural communities. This purpose is achieved by bolstering the
existing private credit structure through the guarantee of quality loans that
will provide lasting community benefits. It is not intended that the guarantee
authority will be used for marginal or substandard loans or for relief of
lenders having such loans.

Debra L. Anderson of USDA said she will also be bringing information for many
other programs including Rural Business Enterprise Grant Program (for
non-profits and public bodies) and community facility, water and waste and
housing.

There is no cost for the classes. They will both be held at the U.W. Weed and
Pest building near the corner of U.S. Highway 14/16/20 and U.S Highway 310.
Please call your chamber to register by 5 p.m. on Monday, April 13.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Education

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BAR

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2015 Basin Republican Rustler


                              56 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          Greybull Standard (Wyoming)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 9, 2015

USDA grant, loan classes approach

BYLINE: Greybull Standard staff

LENGTH: 309  words


Staff from the United States Department of Agriculture will be in Big Horn
County Thursday, April 16 and Friday, April 17 to share information with
residents and businesses about programs available through USDA. The classes are
sponsored by the Big Horn County chambers of commerce.

The first class will be about the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP). Ag
producers and small businesses are the target audience. REAP provides financial
assistance to agricultural producers and small businesses in rural America to
purchase, install and construct renewable energy systems, make energy efficiency
improvements to non-residential buildings and facilities, and use renewable
technologies that reduce energy consumption. This class will be Thursday April
16 at 6 p.m.

The second class, on Friday, April 17 at 6 p.m. is targeted to lenders and
businesses. It is the Business and Industry (B & I) Guaranteed Loan Program. The
purpose of the B & I program is to improve, develop or finance business,
industry and employment as well as to improve the economic and environmental
climate in rural communities. This purpose is achieved by bolstering the
existing private credit structure through the guarantee of quality loans that
will provide lasting community benefits. It is not intended that the guarantee
authority will be used for marginal or substandard loans or for relief of
lenders having such loans.

Debra L. Anderson of USDA said she will also be bringing information for many
other programs including Rural Business Enterprise Grant Program (for
non-profits and public bodies) and community facility, water and waste and
housing.

There is no cost for the classes. They will both be held at the U.W. Weed and
Pest building near the corner of U.S. Highway 14/16/20 and U.S Highway 310.
Please call your chamber to register by 5 p.m. on Monday, April 13.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GYB

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2015 Greybull Standard


                              57 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                            August 13, 2015 Thursday

Feds add to fund that helps Mass. Charter School facilities

BYLINE: The Berkshire Eagle

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 226 words


The federal government has given MassDevelopment $1 million to help charter
schools obtain facilities, adding to $20 million received in prior grant rounds,
the quasi-public agency announced Thursday.

MassDevelopment will use the U.S. Department of Education funds to issue
guarantees on a portion of borrowing by schools for facilities improvements. The
charter school loan guarantee fund has grown to more than $38 million.

The Massachusetts School Building Authority uses sales tax revenues to help
public schools with the cost of building and improving facilities.

"One of the greatest barriers to charter school growth and success is access to
adequate facilities," Education Secretary Jim Peyser said in a statement.

MassDevelopment has used its loan guarantee program to help Lowell Community
Charter Public School, MATCH Charter Public School in Boston and Rising Tide
Charter Public School in Plymouth, among others. The agency reported Thursday
that it has provided "almost $600 million in bonds, loans, and guarantees to
charter schools" in Massachusetts.

"Over the past several years, MassDevelopment has helped 22 charter schools
across the Commonwealth upgrade and expand their educational facilities, thereby
providing first-rate learning environments for students and faculty,"
MassDevelopment President and CEO Marty Jones said.

Andy Metzger/SHNS

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 6, 2017 Monday

Washington: Herrera Beutler, Kilmer, Murphy & Johnson Introduce Bipartisan Bill
to Help Mental Health Patients in Crisis

LENGTH: 592  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Jaime Herrera Beutler has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Representatives Jaime Herrera Beutler (R-WA), Derek Kilmer (D-WA), Tim
Murphy (R-PA), and Eddie Bernice Johnson (D-TX) introduced legislation today
that would help people suffering from a behavioral health or substance abuse
crisis get more immediate help. The Mental Health and Substance Abuse Treatment
Accessibility Act of 2017 provides resources necessary to combat the shortage of
mental health providers and inpatient beds across the nation by allowing the
Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to provide loans and loan
guarantees to local entities with plans to build psychiatric and substance abuse
facilities.





 A severe shortage of providers and inpatient beds exists not only for mental
illness treatment but also for substance abuse leaving too many families in
mental health crisis unable to get desperately-needed, immediate treatment.
According to the Treatment Advocacy Center, there is a shortage of nearly
100,000 inpatient beds nationwide.



 Under the bipartisan Mental Health and Substance Abuse Treatment Accessibility
Act, HHS could offer loans and guarantees to psychiatric treatment facilities,
substance abuse treatment facilities, and public and private psychiatric
hospitals for the planning and construction of new facilities. The bill would
also make needed investments to community based outpatient programs with any
revenue generated from the loans.



 "Many are struggling with mental health and substance abuse in our communities
and because of the shortage of inpatient beds it can be weeks or months before
individuals can receive treatment. Individuals and families struggling with
mental health disorders will benefit from this important, bipartisan solution,"
said Jaime. "Too often, hospitals and law enforcement are having to overcommit
resources and are simply ill-equipped to try and assist those individuals in a
mental health crisis.  Our effort will provide relief and strengthen our
communities without putting any additional burdens on taxpayers."



 "Our country is facing a mental health challenge that has hit all our
communities," said Kilmer. "Too many of our neighbors are suffering from
behavioral and substance abuse disorders and not getting proper treatment. That
has left emergency rooms and jail cells overwhelmed while leaving families
hurting. I'm proud to work with Representatives Herrera Beutler and Murphy to
keep working on our bill that will give a jump-start to local proposals to build
brand new psychiatric facilities."



 "Access to inpatient mental healthcare is a cornerstone to our effort in
delivering treatment before tragedy. This bill will work to make that possible,
and I am pleased to support Rep. Kilmer's bipartisan approach to improving
access to crisis mental health care," said Murphy.



 "Patients with mental illness and especially severe mental illness need access
to acute care psychiatric beds to have a chance for recovery," said Johnson.
"The consequences of non-treatment are extremely visible in our communities.
Individuals are often warehoused in prisons or jails or even face homelessness
rather than gaining access to a treatment facility due to the scarcity of beds.
In this country, that is unacceptable and we must find bipartisan solutions to
help people with mental illness gain access to treatment and create robust
communities."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                            The Press (Christchurch)

                            March 19, 1998, Thursday

Council may guarantee stadium loan

BYLINE: BRUCE Mike  CREAN Mike

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 650 words


The revamp of Lancaster Park is about to kick off after a recommendation that
the Christchurch City Council guarantee a loan for the project.

If the council adopts the recommendation, Christchurch ratepayers will have to
come up with a single payment of $ 4 million as the city's contribution to the $

 40 million project.

A council-initiated working party yesterday agreed to recommend to next week's
council meeting that the city guarantee a $ 40m loan for the park upgrading.

Christchurch Mayor Vicki Buck yesterday hailed the recommendation to the council
as ''an excellent solution''.

Ms Buck said that when finished the stadium, which would provide covered seating
for 40,000 spectators, would be the best sports venue in the South Island.

''It will probably be the premier venue in New Zealand,'' she said.

However, if the scheme was not adopted, Christchurch would host no major rugby
internationals after this year.

Ms Buck predicted the council and the community would support the proposal.

''It is what the community wants. The community has three months to show it is
serious about it. It is important to do what is required,'' she said.

The full amount of the loan would include $ 35m for initial funding and $ 5m for
contingencies. That could require the council to cover interest payment
shortfalls if revenue from the park was not enough to meet the cost.

The decision came after project consultant Barney Sundstrum presented his final
revenue proposal to the working party yesterday.

Mr Sundstrum has been doing market research on the marketability of private
suites, club seats, and other means of funding the upgrading. He said the
council had made sensible financial conditions to protect itself.

Ms Buck said the council's agreement to guarantee the loan would be conditional
on a high degree of acceptance in public consultation through the council's
annual plan process. Canterbury people must also demonstrate support for the
scheme by buying private suites and club seats.

They would need to know that between 1200 to 1500 club seats would be bought,
each costing about $ 800. About 20 private suites would need to be bought, for
about $ 20,000 each.

People would need to commit themselves to buying within three months, to be able
to influence the council's annual plan process. However, they would not have to
pay for four years.

Revenue of $ 5.7m over the first four years would be required. Marketing
research must show increasing demand beyond that time.

Council involvement would be conditional also on Lotteries Grants Board funding
and on securing $ 1m from principal users, rugby and cricket.

The sale of naming rights was being looked at as an option in a flexible range
of funding opportunities, Ms Buck said. As part of the proposal, the assets of
the Victory Park Board, which manages the park, would be transferred to the
council.

However, the council would still have to decide the extent to which it wanted to
control management of the park.

The chairman of the council's parks and recreation committee, Gordon Freeman,
hailed the decision to ask the council to stand behind the project.

''We can't let the city slip into oblivion. We would be missing out on major
events in this city, because we don't have a fully covered stadium,'' Cr Freeman
said.

He tried to pass a recommendation that the council manage the new stadium, but
it was defeated. He said the working party had decided management of the stadium
could be decided later, once the upgrading had begun.

The council will also decide on further funding of about $ 100,000 to allow the
marketing project to continue until construction begins.

Mr Sundstrum said yesterday early indications of demand for the suites were
''very, very encouraging''. However, it was too soon to talk of numbers of
suites or club seats likely to be sold.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 Fairfax New Zealand


                              60 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 7, 2014 Thursday

Hoeven Hosts USDA Under Secretary at Rural Development Roundtable

LENGTH: 420  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator John Hoeven, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Senator John Hoeven and Senator Heidi Heitkamp, along with local directors for
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development, today hosted Robert
Bonnie, USDA Under Secretary for Natural Resources and Environment at a rural
development roundtable in Wahpeton with state and local officials.

As a member of the U.S. Senate Agriculture and Appropriations Committees, Hoeven
continues working to support rural development programs and to grow North
Dakota's rural communities. The senator also served on the Senate-House
Conference Committee that negotiated the final version of the new five-year farm
bill, which includes programs in support of rural communities.

"We've been working to ensure that North Dakotans, regardless of their zip code,
have opportunities and the support they need to build vibrant communities,"
Hoeven said. "The economic wellbeing of all our citizens depends on a healthy
rural economy."

As a member of the Agriculture Appropriations Subcommittee, Hoeven worked to
support USDA rural development programs including:

Rural Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG) Program -The RCDG program awards
competitive grants to improve the economic condition of rural areas by assisting
individuals or entities in the startup, expansion, or improvement of rural
cooperatives and other businesses.

Community Facility Guarantee Program - The community facilities program provides
loan guarantees to local governments and nonprofits to construct, enlarge or
improve community facilities for health care, public safety and public services
in rural areas and towns with populations up to 20,000.

Community Facilities Loan and Grant Programs, Tribal College and University
Grants - This program provides tribal colleges and universities with funding for
critically needed infrastructure improvements, to purchase needed equipment and
to develop essential community facilities.

Distance Learning and Telemedicine (DLT) Programs - The DLT program provides
grants for advanced telecommunications technologies to develop enhanced learning
and health care opportunities for rural residents.

Additionally, last week, Hoeven met with Lisa Mensah, who has been nominated to
serve as USDA's Under Secretary for Rural Development. The senator stressed the
importance of ensuring rural housing assistance programs are available to help
growing North Dakota communities.

For further information please visit: http://www.hoeven.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              61 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Waikato Times (Hamilton, New Zealand)

                            January 16, 2015 Friday

Football club upgrade

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 127 words


Waipa District Council confirms it will guarantee a $75,000 bank loan for an
upgrade to the Cambridge Football Club changing sheds. The club's growing
membership and prominence as a venue for national premiership matches mean the
facilities need improvement. The club raised more than $128,000 toward the total
cost of $200,000 and the bank loan allowed work to begin. Council will not
contribute to the project costs, but the guarantee allows the club to receive a
more favourable interest rate. Policy allows council to guarantee bank loans for
community-based organisations, provided strict conditions are met. Previous
guarantees have been given to the Maungatautari Ecological Island Trust,
Leamington Rugby Sports Club and the Waipa Community Facilities Trust.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              62 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Inter Lake, Kalispell, Mont.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 30, 2012 Thursday

Libby gets green light to build new hospital

BYLINE: Candace Chase, Daily Inter Lake, Kalispell, Mont.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 787 words


Aug. 30--St. John's Lutheran Hospital in Libby announced Wednesday that the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development has agreed to guarantee a $32
million loan to build a new hospital.

In a press release, Steve Sorensen, chairman of St. John's board of trustees,
said the project has been in the works for more than four years.

"We are so excited to get this project rolling," Sorensen said. "In addition to
enhanced health care services, this project is the economic shot in the arm this
community so desperately needs."

Swank Enterprises Inc. and CTA, both of Kalispell, were selected as the general
contractor and architect/engineering team to construct the new
79,000-square-foot hospital.

Located just north of the current hospital, east of the Libby Care Center and
the Northwest Community Health Center, the new hospital site was chosen for its
proximity to other health care clinics and agencies that rely on St. John's for
services.

"We will be breaking ground this fall and anticipate a grand opening in the
spring of 2014," added Sorensen. "The first step will be the demolition of the
hospital's conference center. "

According to project updates on St. John's website, the original hospital was
built in 1952. The facility was expanded or remodeled in 1983, 2002 and 2006 and
equipment has been continuously updated, but the master planning process
revealed the hospital could no longer grow with the medical needs of Lincoln
County.

"From outdated surgery suites to cramped patient rooms with shared toilet
facilities, the list of needs for the current hospital is endless," an earlier
update said.

Hospital officials also said the new hospital would help the community attract
and retain physicians.

The outside design of the new hospital takes inspiration from wilderness lodges
with landscaping using as much of the natural area as possible. It includes 25
private rooms with showers, toilet facilities and room for family, an expanded
emergency department, larger surgical suites with additional recovery rooms, and
upgraded MRI and imaging technology.

Hospital officials said it includes substantial parking and other amenities that
allow St. John's to continue expanding health care services.

"The beauty of a new facility is that there will be no interruption of service
to our patients," said Cathy Wolfe, vice president of nursing at St. John's.
"Parking will continue to be a problem throughout the construction phase, but a
little patience now will be well rewarded when the new facility opens."

Sorensen said Swank Enterprises committed to hire as many local subcontractors
as possible and that Libby subcontractors were very competitive and most
subcontracts were awarded locally.

"We realize that this project will generate an economic boost for our area and
we are working closely with Swank to make certain that we make good use of our
local resources," he said. "In fact, in the bidding process the hospital
stipulated that Swank hire at least 20 percent from the South Lincoln County
work force."

The hospital received approval for the loan guarantee from the Department of
Housing and Urban Development on Tuesday following an extensive review of St.
John's finances to determine its ability to repay the debt.

The federal department also inspected the existing hospital to evaluate the need
to replace it.

"HUD doesn't lend us the dollars," Sorensen said. "HUD guarantees the loan from
default."

According to Sorensen, St. John's board of trustees worked with an accounting
firm throughout the preliminary planning period to verify the financial
viability of building a new hospital.

Lancaster-Pollard, a finance organization out of Columbus, Ohio, will handle the
financing.

For the last four years. St. John's Lutheran Hospital Foundation had conducted a
capital fundraising campaign with a goal of raising $1.5 million to help offset
the debt on the project. To date, $1.4 million has been raised.

Lora Ercanbrack, chairwoman of the foundation, pointed out that the money raised
will reduce the cost of repaying the loan over the next 30 years. She said the
campaign will continue until the doors open on the new facility so people still
have time to donate.

She called the new hospital a true community asset.

"We are finding that community members just want to be a part of this project,"
Ercanbrack said. "Donors want to create their own legacy. They want to be a part
of history in the making and they want to help make the project a success."

Reporter Candace Chase may be reached at 758-4436 or by email at
cchase@dailyinterlake.com

___ (c)2012 the Daily Inter Lake (Kalispell, Mont.) Visit the Daily Inter Lake
(Kalispell, Mont.) at www.dailyinterlake.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120830-KG-Libby-gets-green-light-to-build-new-hospital-0830-20120830

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KG


               Copyright 2012 Daily Inter Lake, Kalispell, Mont.


                              63 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Santa Cruz Sentinel (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 8, 2010 Sunday

Watsonville plumbing business receives USDA loan guarantee

BYLINE: Santa Cruz Sentinel, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 326 words


Aug. 08--WATSONVILLE -- Florentino C. Rodriguez and Tino's Plumbing Inc. in
Watsonville received a $508,000 USDA loan guarantee made available through the
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack
announced Friday.

The company is one of 128 businesses in 35 states to receive the loan guarantee
to promote economic opportunities and create jobs. Only two other businesses in
California received the guarantee.

The USDA Rural Development's Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program was
awarded $1.57 billion in stimulus funds to help rural businesses stimulate their
economies and support their communities. Eligible applicants include private
businesses, cooperative organizations, corporations, partnerships, nonprofit
groups, federally recognized American Indian tribes, public bodies and
individuals. The funds are targeted to create and retain quality jobs and serve
difficult-to-reach populations and areas hit hardest by the economic downturn.

The USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, administers and manages
more than 40 housing, business and community infrastructure and facility
programs through a national network of 6,100 employees located in 500 state and
local offices. Rural Development has more than $138 billion in loans and loan
guarantees.

More information about USDA's Recovery Act efforts is available at
www.usda.gov/recovery. More information about the federal

government's efforts on the Recovery Act is available at www.recovery.gov.

To see more of The Santa Cruz Sentinel or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.santacruzsentinel.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Santa Cruz Sentinel,
Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100808-QC-Watsonville-plumbing-business-receives-USDA-loan-guarantee
-20100808

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QC


                       Copyright 2010 Santa Cruz Sentinel


                              64 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Globe (Worthington, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 22, 2008 Wednesday

County OKS $500,000 loan for YMCA

BYLINE: Julie Buntjer, The Daily Globe, Worthington, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 672 words


Oct. 22--WORTHINGTON -- Nobles County Commissioners on Tuesday unanimously
approved a half-million-dollar loan guarantee to the YMCA for construction of
its new fitness facility and aquatics center.

The money will be dipped into only if the YMCA cannot raise the final $1.2
million in the next five years. Any money that is borrowed from the county will
be repaid with interest.

Representatives from the YMCA and its board, as well as the executive chair of
the Southwest Initiative Foundation, which is also providing a $500,000 loan
guarantee, made the request Tuesday.

Dan Greve, vice president of the YMCA board, said $4.3 million has been pledged
for construction of the new facility, and $3 million in bridge financing has
been secured in a U.S.D.A. Rural Development guaranteed loan through First State
Bank Southwest. Before the bridge financing can be accessed and construction can
begin, the group needed to raise the final $1.2 million.

Andy Johnson, YMCA executive director, said plans are to host a groundbreaking
ceremony on Nov. 2 for the facility, which will be located on the Minnesota West
Community and Technical College campus.

In making the request to the county, Greve said "this is strictly a loan
commitment -- not a grant or a gift." It provides the YMCA with an additional
five years to raise the last of the funds to pay for the $9.5 million project.

Despite the "worthwhile" cause, commissioners didn't immediately say yes to the
request, opting instead to table the issue. After calling the meeting back into
session following a closed hearing on union negotiations, the matter was brought
back to the table.

Johnson said the YMCA is under time constraints with the planned groundbreaking
and needed a decision from the county.

"This is an interesting position to be in -- this is a tough time for us," said
Commissioner David Benson, referring to the economic situation, levy limits and
certain county budgets that are already strained, such as public health. "This
is not an insignificant request. I can't argue with the validity of it -- this
is for the kids."

Commissioner Norm Gallagher said he has heard from numerous constituents in his
district in the last couple of weeks regarding the YMCA.

"The community is not sold on the construction phase of it without having the
money in the bank," he said.

Gallagher also cited the location choice as a sticking point with some people.

The county will be second in line behind the banks in the event the YMCA would
default on the loan, a position Commissioner Marv Zylstra said puts it at some
risk. He asked Greg Raymo, of First State Bank Southwest, of the potential to
collect on all of the pledges made.

"Greg, you're pretty confident these pledges are going to come in?" he asked.

Raymo said he was confident.

Commissioner Vern Leistico cited two concerns: that winter construction could
add 10 percent to 15 percent to the total project cost; and that the YMCA's
decision to hire a construction manager would add another 10 percent.

"That's easily $100,000 that you could save," Leistico said.

Johnson said the winter work will consist mainly of dirt work and site
preparation. As for hiring a construction manager, Raymo said they wanted
someone with expertise to guide the YMCA board.

"We need to bring experts to the table," Raymo said.

In other action, the board:

l Approved an increase in the rural recycling assessment from $1 to $1.50 per
month.

l Approved two interpreter contracts with individuals to assist at the Nobles
County Family Service Agency.

l Approved a one-year contract with Nobles Cooperative Electric for phone alert
service.

To see more of The Daily Globe, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.dglobe.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The Daily Globe, Worthington, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081022-QG-County-OKS-500,000-loan-for-YMCA-1022

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QG


                                 Copyright 2008


                              65 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              June 22, 2014 Sunday

Investments being made in health care for rural North Dakota

BYLINE: JESSICA HOLDMAN, Bismarck Tribune

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 978 words


Garrison Memorial Hospital sees 1,400 to 1,500 people in its emergency room
annually. That is up about 20 percent over the last three to four years.

Tioga Medical Center patient numbers have increased fourfold, from 6,000
patients in 2010 to more than 24,000 today.

To meet this new demand, investments are being made in rural health care across
the state, in areas where those facilities are the only medical care available
for miles around.

"We're the only hospital on (U.S. Highway) 83 between Minot and Bismarck,"
Garrison Memorial Hospital Administrator Tod Graeber said. "Because we're so far
away from the larger cities ... with strokes or heart attacks people may not
survive."

The U.S. Department of Agriculture alone has invested more than $178 million in
42 projects since 2009.

"Our medical facilities are the foundation of our communities and critical
components to supporting population and industry growth," said Jasper Schneider
North Dakota's USDA Rural Development state director.

Alan O'Neil, the chief executive officer at Unity Medical Center in Grafton has
been involved in three USDA-funded projects during his health care career - for
the Jamestown Regional Medical Center, Richardton and Aneta.

"It's always a challenge because we don't have the critical mass or volumes,"
O'Neil said of finding funding for rural health care projects.

He said without USDA funding, the $46 million loan for the new Jamestown
Regional Medical Center would have been difficult.

"I think USDA is a very viable option," he said

In Garrison, to accommodate the increase in patients, the hospital is using a
$300,000 USDA grant it received in 2013 to expand its emergency room from two
beds to four and upgrade equipment like defibrillators, cots and CPR devices.

Without the grant, Graeber said, the hospital would have had to use municipal
bonds for funding.

Garrison is a big recreation area and Graeber said in the summer the hospital
can get really busy. The expansion will reduce wait times.

In addition to better patient flow, O'Neil said the Jamestown project helped the
hospital recruit staff as well as patients.

"Health care is a cutting-edge industry. New and improved is what people are
looking for," he said. "It's a proven fact that new facilities enhance the
ability to recruit professionals."

Since the upgrade, Jamestown has been able to attract a new radiologist and add
orthopedic services. It has a state-of-the-art maternity ward that delivers 400
babies a year, O'Neil said.

Graeber agreed, saying he has been able to maintain a full nursing staff because
of the upgrades rather than struggling to hire like other facilities. Garrison
Memorial Hospital is the largest employer in town with 155 on staff.

"And they're usually good-paying jobs," Graeber added.

O'Neil said overall, he thinks rural health care in North Dakota is good and
smaller facilities are able to collaborate with larger ones through
telemedicine.

In 2010, St. Alexius Medical Center received a $158,000 USDA grant to expand its
telemedicine network to connect to 22 rural medical facilities, including those
like the Garrison hospital in McLean County.

Where O'Neil thinks the USDA could offer more improvement is through updating
aging facilities in the state. He said many facilities in rural North Dakota are
older than the national average.

"That's an opportunity for USDA to be a partner in funding capital projects, he
said.

USDA does that through several funding methods, including loan and loan
guarantees for community facilities in towns with populations of 20,000 or less;
zero-interest loans and grants given to utility companies, which in turn pass
that money on to local projects; loan guarantees for businesses in communities
with populations of 50,000 or less; and telemedicine loans and grants for
communities with populations less than 20,000.

Other current USDA funded projects in the central and western parts of the state
include:

* A $15 million loan to build a new Southwest Healthcare Services hospital and
clinic in Bowman.

The 60-year-old facility provides care to a population of 3,200 people.

The facility is now too small and is inaccessible due to design, according to a
USDA report released Thursday.

The new facility will be double the size at 59,000 square feet. It will be
attached to the existing long-term care facility, combining all services in one
central location.

There will be more emergency rooms and new equipment. The nursing home will be
remodeled and include a new memory care unit.

Southwest Healthcare Services employs more than 180 people and plans to hire
more after construction is complete.

* An $8 million loan for the construction of a new Tioga Medical Center clinic.

The current Tioga clinic sits at the bottom of a 100-foot grade from the
hospital. The location down the hill has caused water damage and has made it
difficult to transfer patients, according to the USDA report.

The new 15,000-square-foot clinic is slated to be finished in 2015 and will be
attached to the existing hospital.

The Tioga Medical Center is the fourth largest employer in the area, only coming
in behind three oil field companies.

* A $39,250,900 loan for the construction of a new 79,200-square-foot McKenzie
County hospital and clinic, which has experienced increased patient loads from
high risk workers in the oil field.

The facility will be on the same campus as the existing long-term care facility.
The project also will expand the facility by 25,500 square feet.

* A $5.5 million loan for construction of the new Richardton Health Center.

The project includes 19,000 square feet dedicated to a 24-bed nursing home and
3,000 square feet for a new clinic.

The current occupancy rate at the nursing home remains at 95 percent or higher
with a waiting list. The new facility will include four extra rooms and will
bring the nursing home under the same roof as the clinic.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2014 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                                January 16, 2017

                        Horry Electric Cooperative, Inc.

                                2774 Cultra Road
                                  Conway 29526
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


USDA Invests $1.4 Billion to Improve Rural Electric Infrastructure

   Oct 16, 2014

   Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced $1.4 billion in USDA loan
guarantees to improve the delivery of electric power to rural communities in 21
states."With the help of investments such as these from USDA, rural electric
utilities have delivered reliable and affordable electricity for nearly 80
years," Vilsack said. "Upgrading the electric grid will bring jobs and increased
economic opportunities to rural communities."Announcement includes $106 million
for smart grid technologies and $3 million for renewable energy programs and
systems. The funding will help diversify energy portfolios and decrease our
nation's reliance on carbon-based fuel sources, Vilsack noted. Smart grid helps
rural electric utilities manage power use more effectively. For fiscal year (FY)
2014, USDA's Rural Utilities Service provided more than $186 million for smart
grid technologies. USDA has worked with rural electric cooperatives since 1935
to provide electricity for rural consumers. Through the years, these investments
have delivered new economic and social opportunities and have enhanced the
quality of life in the nation's rural communities. The Rural Utilities Service
also administers infrastructure programs that bring broadband, safe drinking
water and improved wastewater treatment facilities to rural communities. Among
loan guarantee recipients is Georgia's Sawnee Electric Membership Corporation.
It is receiving a $161 million loan guarantee to build or improve more than 800
miles of transmission and distribution line. More than $6 million will fund
smart grid projects. North Carolina's Rockwell Solar LLC is getting a $3 million
loan to build a 3.5-megawatt solar farm in Rowan County. The total project cost
is just over $10 million. The farm will be developed, owned and operated by O2
Energies, based in Cornelius, N.C. During construction, the farm will provide
work for more than 50 people. The Horry Electric Cooperative in Conway, S.C.,
has been selected to receive a $52 million loan to build or improve 624 miles of
line and make other system improvements. The loan amount includes $2.3 million
for smart grid projects. View the complete list of recipients and projects
receiving funding under the announcement. Each loan is contingent upon the
recipient meeting the terms of the loan agreement. USDA has invested nearly $2.5
billion in electric infrastructure improvements in FY 2014 and almost $31
billion since 2009. In FY 2014 alone, USDA loan guarantees have helped build or
improve 19,000 miles of electric transmission and distribution lines. President
Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural communities
stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing, community
facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America to
continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Key Operational Employees               Key Employees
Key Facts                               Locations and Subsidiaries
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2017


                              67 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Times (Kigali)

                               November 23, 2012

BDF Provides Rwf 13.1 Billion Guarantee

BYLINE: Dias Nyesiga

LENGTH: 461 words


Business development Fund-BDF has committed of Rwf 13.1 billion in form of
guarantees to support profitable businesses without collateral to access credit
from financial Institutions.

The guarantee funds have been given out to about 436 approved loans submitted
through different financial institutions which included banks, microfinance
Institutions, and Saccos stimulating over Rwf 35 billion worth of loans in the
financial sector.

BDF was established last year by government with the aim of increasing business
and employment opportunities for Rwandans provide to guarantee and facilitate
them access capital without a need for collaterals.

"There is more interest coming from SMEs, people are now willing to take on
credit because they believe there is a solid institution behind them to provide
support," Innocent Bulindi Chief Executive

Officer BDF said during celebrations of 1st anniversary of the Fund.

Bulindi says that Rwf9 billion guarantee funds were given out to projects
related to agriculture while close to Rwf 4 billion of funds were distributed to
projects in other sectors.

"This is very encouraging and there is more interest coming from SMEs which
shows a better way for the growth of private sector," he noted

The fund works with financial Institutions to provide guarantee funds to
projects after banks assessing their viability and profitability.

He assured that the fund is providing guarantee to projects that will prosper
and not fail. He is optimistic that projects financed will be a success and
create an impact in the Rwandan community.

BDF also provides liquidity to Umerenge SACCOs to address the liquidity
challenges limiting loan access for small and medium businesses mainly in rural
communities.

Bulindi says that through Saccos financing facility, "we are providing
additional liquidity to saccos at a subsidised rate to address the challenge of
high interest rates".

Saccos financing facility is expected to bring down interest rates among Saccos
thus attracting the SMEs to borrow.

"I think going forward probably BDF will have a more independent standing to be
able to function as an independent credit enhancement agency," said Jeffrey Lee,
Managing Director, Urwego Opportunity Bank.

Lee believes that the fund will help banks to minimise risks in lending to small
and medium enterprises thus increasing its lending to the private sector needed
to boost the economy.

"The private sector is developing especially in the SMEs sector, I believe this
fund will help these businesses to grow and increase employment mainly for the
youth," Minister of Youth and ICT Jean Philibert Nsengimana said

The Minister is optimistic that the fund will help boost SMEs which have been
neglected by lending institutions due the inability to raise collateral.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Goole Courier

                            April 24, 2013 Wednesday

New loan for Drax Power plant's biomass plans

LENGTH: 288  words


An additional loan for Drax Power Station's green scheme biomass power programme
has been agreed.

It has agreed a £75 million loan maturing in June 2018 with Friends Life,
underpinned by a guarantee from HM Treasury issued under the Infrastructure UK
Guarantee Scheme.

This now brings the total loans to £625 million with £100 million amortising
term loan facility agreed with the Prudential/M&G UK Companies Financing Fund in
July 2012, £50 million amortising term loan facility agreed with the UK Green
Investment Bank and £400 million revolving credit facility maturing in April
2016, and an additional £190 million (gross) proceeds from an equity placing in
October 2012.

The latest loan facility replaces £50 million of the £100 million loan agreed
with the UK Green Investment Bank, which was signed in December 2012.

Finance director of Drax, Tony Quinlan, said: "This further strengthens our
balance sheet, as we progress our project to transform the largest coal-fired
power station in the UK into an electricity generator fuelled predominantly by
sustainable biomass.

"The benefits are multiple, from securing jobs at Drax and across the UK in the
supply chain to providing low carbon, cost effective and reliable renewable
power for the consumer. We are delighted to secure the support of Friends Life
and Infrastructure UK."

Investment officer at Friends Life, Mark Versey, said: "We are pleased to work
together with Drax and HM Treasury and support the Infrastructure UK Guarantee
Scheme as an institutional investor.

"This investment demonstrates Friends Life's ability to explore infrastructure
and other alternative investment opportunities to ensure Friends Life remains
competitive and nimble in a changing market."

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NGOC


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              69 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  Selby Times

                            April 24, 2013 Wednesday

New loan for Drax Power plant's biomass plans

LENGTH: 288  words


An additional loan for Drax Power Station's green scheme biomass power programme
has been agreed.

It has agreed a £75 million loan maturing in June 2018 with Friends Life,
underpinned by a guarantee from HM Treasury issued under the Infrastructure UK
Guarantee Scheme.

This now brings the total loans to £625 million with £100 million amortising
term loan facility agreed with the Prudential/M&G UK Companies Financing Fund in
July 2012, £50 million amortising term loan facility agreed with the UK Green
Investment Bank and £400 million revolving credit facility maturing in April
2016, and an additional £190 million (gross) proceeds from an equity placing in
October 2012.

The latest loan facility replaces £50 million of the £100 million loan agreed
with the UK Green Investment Bank, which was signed in December 2012.

Finance director of Drax, Tony Quinlan, said: "This further strengthens our
balance sheet, as we progress our project to transform the largest coal-fired
power station in the UK into an electricity generator fuelled predominantly by
sustainable biomass.

"The benefits are multiple, from securing jobs at Drax and across the UK in the
supply chain to providing low carbon, cost effective and reliable renewable
power for the consumer. We are delighted to secure the support of Friends Life
and Infrastructure UK."

Investment officer at Friends Life, Mark Versey, said: "We are pleased to work
together with Drax and HM Treasury and support the Infrastructure UK Guarantee
Scheme as an institutional investor.

"This investment demonstrates Friends Life's ability to explore infrastructure
and other alternative investment opportunities to ensure Friends Life remains
competitive and nimble in a changing market."

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NDST


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              70 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                           November 23, 2013 Saturday

ADB to issue over $35 million PCGs for rural dairy farmers

SECTION: Vol. XLIX No. 321

LENGTH: 450  words


Asian Development Bank (ADB) will issue Partial Credit Guarantees (PCG) of up to
$35 million (or Pakistan rupee equivalent) for eligible financial institutions
for the Rural Financial Inclusion and Dairy Growth Facility in Pakistan, where
Only 54 percent of produced milk is tradable, 93 percent of which is provided to
the consumers as loose milk.

PCG facility of up to $35 million in support of investment loans made to dairy
farmers in Pakistan, which will contribute to the growth of small, high value
added dairy products in Pakistan and the scaling up of commercial banking
services for small dairy farmers for more improvement in dairy farmers' access
to investment capital.

The facility outputs include (i) increased access of small dairy farmers to
finance, (ii) the establishment of a sustainable farmer credit programme and
(iii) improved farm management.

Under the facility, official sources mentioned that a first PCG under the
facility has been targeted and is currently under negotiation. The principal
amount guaranteed under this PCG will be up to $35 million (or Pakistan rupee
equivalent) and cover 35 percent of the outstanding principal in a portfolio of
loans to be made by Habib Bank Limited to eligible dairy farmers selected by
Engro Foods Limited (EFL) and HBL.

The loans will fund the purchase of cows and associated capital expenses such as
sheds and animal feed. EFL will select farmers and assist them in selecting
healthy dairy cows. EFL will purchase the produced milk and the proceeds will be
used to service the farmers' loans directly from the milk sales.

State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) as a guarantor of record for Department for
International Development UK (DFID) will issue a first-loss guarantee of 20
percent of the loan pool. EFL will issue a second-loss guarantee of 10 percent
of the loan pool. ADB will guarantee 50 percent of the losses that exceed the
first and second loss threshold. The remaining risk will be retained by HBL.

Pakistan is one of the five largest milk producers in the world, generating 38
billion litres annually.

It has more than 8 million dairy producing households, representing 35 million
people. Dairy production is estimated to currently grow at 2 to 4 percent
annually, and accounted for 12 percent of GDP and 55 percent of agricultural GDP
in 2012. Only 54 percent of produced milk is tradable, 93 percent of which is
provided to the consumers as loose milk. While packaged dairy products still
constitute a small market segment at 1.4 billion litres annually (or 7 percent
of tradable milk), the demand is growing 10 to 15 percent per year. This
indicates a growing supply shortage and the need to produce more milk from small
farmers.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                           November 23, 2013 Saturday

ADB to issue over $35 million PCGs for rural dairy farmers

SECTION: Vol. V No. 321

LENGTH: 450  words


Asian Development Bank (ADB) will issue Partial Credit Guarantees (PCG) of up to
$35 million (or Pakistan rupee equivalent) for eligible financial institutions
for the Rural Financial Inclusion and Dairy Growth Facility in Pakistan, where
Only 54 percent of produced milk is tradable, 93 percent of which is provided to
the consumers as loose milk.

PCG facility of up to $35 million in support of investment loans made to dairy
farmers in Pakistan, which will contribute to the growth of small, high value
added dairy products in Pakistan and the scaling up of commercial banking
services for small dairy farmers for more improvement in dairy farmers' access
to investment capital.

The facility outputs include (i) increased access of small dairy farmers to
finance, (ii) the establishment of a sustainable farmer credit programme and
(iii) improved farm management.

Under the facility, official sources mentioned that a first PCG under the
facility has been targeted and is currently under negotiation. The principal
amount guaranteed under this PCG will be up to $35 million (or Pakistan rupee
equivalent) and cover 35 percent of the outstanding principal in a portfolio of
loans to be made by Habib Bank Limited to eligible dairy farmers selected by
Engro Foods Limited (EFL) and HBL.

The loans will fund the purchase of cows and associated capital expenses such as
sheds and animal feed. EFL will select farmers and assist them in selecting
healthy dairy cows. EFL will purchase the produced milk and the proceeds will be
used to service the farmers' loans directly from the milk sales.

State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) as a guarantor of record for Department for
International Development UK (DFID) will issue a first-loss guarantee of 20
percent of the loan pool. EFL will issue a second-loss guarantee of 10 percent
of the loan pool. ADB will guarantee 50 percent of the losses that exceed the
first and second loss threshold. The remaining risk will be retained by HBL.

Pakistan is one of the five largest milk producers in the world, generating 38
billion litres annually.

It has more than 8 million dairy producing households, representing 35 million
people. Dairy production is estimated to currently grow at 2 to 4 percent
annually, and accounted for 12 percent of GDP and 55 percent of agricultural GDP
in 2012. Only 54 percent of produced milk is tradable, 93 percent of which is
provided to the consumers as loose milk. While packaged dairy products still
constitute a small market segment at 1.4 billion litres annually (or 7 percent
of tradable milk), the demand is growing 10 to 15 percent per year. This
indicates a growing supply shortage and the need to produce more milk from small
farmers.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            March 2, 1994 Wednesday

BYLINE: ANNE JACOBS Tribune Correspondent

LENGTH: 367 words


HAZEN Ä After nearly two years of on-again, off-again jobs creation efforts,
Hazen Community Development appears to have turned the corner. Hazen Community
Development spokesman Wayne Axtman appeared before the Hazen City Commission on
Monday to request help from the city to complete a deal with Impact
Telemarketing of Woodbury, N. J. It could mean a sea of new jobs for the
community. Local businessman Mark Olson will be owner-manager of the enterprise,
which is expected to create 20-24 jobs.

Olson is providing a substantial down payment, says Axtman, but needs support
from the city to lure Impact Telemarketing to town. Commissioners requested a
day to review the information presented by Axtman. When they reconvened their
meeting Tuesday, commissioners gave the go-ahead to HCD's request for an $80,600
loan guarantee for HCD. The guarantee will stand as collateral for money
borrowed by HCD from Union State Bank of Hazen to purchase equipment and
fixtures for the facility. That equipment will in turn be leased to Olson, as
owner of the business. In addition, the city will loan HCD $20,000, which HCD
will then loan to Olson for working capital. Three local businesses will each
contribute $5,000 for additional operating capital. Over and above that,
applications are pending with the Minot Magic Fund, the Capital Fund and the
Rural Development Loan Fund for a total of $80,000 to help launch the project.
Olson says the facility is scheduled to open April 6, with training April 4-5.
Average pay within the company is $6.25 per hour, which includes incentive
bonuses. In addition to consul operators, Olson expects to hire a floor
supervisor. While location for the business has not been completed, two spots
are being considered: the former Discount Lumber building on the east side of
town, and the former West End Motors building. Olson hopes to finish rental
plans by the end of the week. In each location, the owner would provide needed
renovations. Olson is hoping for a three- to four-year lease. Impact
Telemarketing is headquartered in Woodbury, N.J. Its Midwest regional center has
been located in Grafton since 1989. Other North Dakota branches are in
Cooperstown and Jamestown.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1994 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 22, 2014 Wednesday

SCHUMER JOINS WITH SCHENECTADY MAYOR GARY MCCARTHY TO DEMOLISH FIRST OF APPROX.
80 VACANT CITY BUILDINGS THAT HAVE BEEN STIFLING DEVELOPMENT & POSE DANGER TO
LOCAL COMMUNITIES

LENGTH: 1518  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Charles E. Schumer, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

Today, in the Bellevue neighborhood of Schenectady, U.S. Senator Charles E.
Schumer joined with officials from the City of Schenectady, including
Schenectady Mayor Gary McCarthy, to demolish the first of approximately 80
vacant and blighted properties around the city, clearing the path for
redevelopment. The demolition of these properties is being made possible by a $3
million loan from the federal Department of Housing & Urban Development (HUD)
that Schumer pushed for and secured, successfully making the case to
then-Secretary of HUD Shaun Donovan that Schenectady's vision for the vacant
properties fit squarely with HUD's Section 108 Loan program and convincing HUD
to expedite approval of Schenectady's application. After securing the loan,
Schumer worked with officials from Schenectady and HUD to cut through
bureaucratic red tape that was temporarily preventing demolition from getting
underway. Schumer explained that Schenectady is plagued with excess housing
stock that has fallen into disrepair and abandonment, and these properties have
become a blight on local communities and reduced property values for families
living in the neighborhoods where these properties are located. Schumer said
that by demolishing these buildings, Schenectady can redevelop the sites for new
use and begin a new chapter in the City's development.

"Vacant and run-down properties are a drag on every community where they exist,
devaluing nearby homes, stifling development and endangering first responders.
That is why I have been a supporter of Mayor Gary McCarthy's efforts to remove
blighted homes, breathe new life into these spaces, and provide a boost to local
communities. Last year, I stood in this exact spot and pushed for HUD to approve
the $3 million loan needed to make this revitalization project a reality, and I
am proud to stand here today as we turn over a new leaf and kick start the
redevelopment of these sites and this neighborhood," said Schumer. "Eleven
months ago we stood at this very spot and promised to begin taking blighted
buildings like 2033 Broadway down, and here we are today turning this into
reality.  Mayor McCarthy has been dogged in pursuit of this and I know that
today is just the first in a long series of similar demolitions across the city
that will make Schenectady safer and more beautiful for residents, and more
attractive for people and businesses to locate here."

Schumer explained that, between the mid-1950's and mid-1970's, Schenectady lost
an estimated 25,000 jobs as General Electric massively downsized and American
Locomotive (Alco) closed.   Hundreds of homes that once housed GE and Alco
employees gradually became vacant and have fallen into disrepair over the years.
The city has identified over 130 buildings that had either completely
deteriorated or required so much work that the cost of rehab outweighed the
potential value. This excess housing stock has devalued nearby properties and
discouraged investment in the community for years, underscoring the need to
demolish and revitalize the space where these 80 properties are located.

Schumer also explained that these often-crumbling properties have posed a danger
to police and firemen since they are at greater risk for arson. Because these
properties are structurally deficient to begin with, they put emergency
personnel at greater risk of injury. In July of 2013, the City of Schenectady
submitted an application for a $3 million Section 108 Loan to HUD's Buffalo
regional office - with the expressed purpose of using funds to raze derelict
buildings for redevelopment and sale. With this loan, the city estimated it
could raze approximately 80 of these buildings that have been identified as
beyond the point of repair. The effort is a piece of the Mayor's Home Ownership
Made Easy in Schenectady (HOMES) program, designed to eliminate blight and
encourage more home ownership in the City.

In November of 2013, Schumer stood at 2033 Broadway in Schenectady's Bellevue
neighborhood, where he was joined by Mayor Gary McCarthy and other community
leaders, to push for this HUD loan. During his visit, Schumer explained that
this $3 million loan would allow the City of Schenectady to raze vacant
properties and clear the path for redevelopment. In March of 2014, Schumer
announced that, after his push, HUD had approved this $3 million loan for the
City of Schenectady. Schumer said that this federally-backed HUD loan gives
Schenectady the necessary capital to pursue its large-scale renovation of vacant
and neglected properties. Schumer noted that the Section 108 Loan program
requires at least 70 percent of the sites being demolished to be used for a new
building or in a way that improves adjacent properties, which will help
revitalize these neighborhoods and further the City's efforts to expand access
to home ownership through their HOMES Program.

After Schumer secured the loan from HUD, he also worked with officials from both
the City of Schenectady and HUD to cut through bureaucratic red tape that was
temporarily preventing demolition from getting underway. Schumer's office worked
directly with HUD Regional Director Holly Leicht to ensure Schenectady was
eligible to receive this loan.

Schumer explained that this HUD loan guarantee will come from the Community
Development Block Grant (CDBG) Program's Section 108 loan guarantee component.
Section 108 provides communities with a source of financing for economic
development, housing rehabilitation, public facilities, and large-scale physical
development projects. Activities eligible for Section 108 financing include:
economic development activities under CDBG; the acquisition of real property;
rehabilitation of publicly owned real property construction, reconstruction, or
installation of public facilities (including street, sidewalk, and other site
improvements); related relocation, clearance, and site improvements; payment of
interest on the guaranteed loan and issuance costs of public offerings; debt
service reserves; public works and site improvements in colonias; and, in
limited circumstances, housing construction as part of community economic
development, Housing Development Grant, or Nehemiah Housing Opportunity Grant
programs. Schumer noted that all projects and activities must either principally
benefit low- and moderate-income persons, aid in the elimination of blight, or
meet urgent needs of the community.

Schumer was joined by Schenectady Mayor Gary McCarthy and other city officials
for the demolition.

"Thank you to Senator Schumer for his strong leadership and unfailing efforts to
ensure the residents of Schenectady received this vital program.  These
distressed vacant properties are magnets for crime and discourage investment and
removing them will open the door to rejuvenation in our neighborhoods," said
Schenectady Mayor Gary McCarthy. " Estimates have shown that a single structure
slated for demolition can cost in excess of $65,000 per year in direct and
indirect costs.  This loan will allow us to remove blight from our community and
put these properties back to beneficial use for the residents of our community."

"This is a wonderful day for the City of Schenectady, and especially for Senator
Chuck Schumer and Mayor Gary McCarthy, both of whom worked tirelessly in seeking
funding to improve neighborhoods  by demolishing some of the city's most
distressed or dilapidated properties," said HUD Regional Administrator Holly
Leicht.  "Our Department has no higher priority than revitalizing and
strengthening neighborhoods. By utilizing one of our community-based programs,
the City will be able to eliminate nearly eighty blighted and distressed
properties and return them to beneficial community uses for its hard-working
residents.  I congratulate both Senator Schumer and Mayor McCarthy for their
hard work and efforts on behalf of the residents of the City of Schenectady."

Out of the $3 million loan request, the City of Schenectady is receiving the
following breakdown of funds:

$2,500,000 will be used for the acquisition, demolition, rehab, and
redevelopment of abandoned and deteriorated structures citywide.
    $500,000 will be used for the rehabilitation of 487 Nott Street into 14
units of rental housing, 8 of which would be affordable housing units.

The Section 108 Loan Program allows communities to borrow against future CDBG
allocations to complete major economic development programs and initiatives.
The Section 108 Loan Guarantee Program is a source of financing allotted for the
economic development, housing rehabilitation, public facilities rehab,
construction or installation for the benefit of low- to moderate-income persons,
or to aid in the prevention of slums.  Schumer made the case to Secretary
Donovan that Schenectady's application clearly falls within the purview of the
Section 108 Loan Guarantee Program's overriding mission.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                                 March 3, 2017

                     Central Virginia Electric Cooperative

                              800 Cooperative Way
                                Arrington 22922
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Agriculture Secretary Announces Electric System Improvements in Eight States

   Sep 05, 2013

   Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced funding for projects in
eight states, including Virginia, to improve electric service for about 10,000
rural residents. Rural Utilities Service Administrator John Padalino made the
announcement on the Secretary's behalf in Norfolk, Va., during the 2013 regional
meeting of the National Rural Electric Cooperative Association.The loan
guarantees are made available through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
(USDA) rural utilities program and include more than $11 million in smart grid
project funding."These investments will continue to ensure safe, reliable and
affordable service for rural residents, farmers, and commercial and industrial
consumers," Padalino said. "This funding, which is part of the Obama
Administration's vision for a new rural energy economy, includes investments in
smart grid technologies that modernize our nation's electric system and improve
its operation." For example, the Central Virginia Electric Cooperative will use
USDA funding to build 327 miles of line and invest more than $1.1 million in
smart grid technologies across 14 counties. The following is a list of rural
electric utilities that will receive USDA funding, contingent upon the recipient
meeting the terms of the loan agreement. Iowa Midland Power Cooperative
â[#x20ac]" $25,300,000. Funds will be used to serve 530 customers, build 552
miles of distribution line and make other system improvements. The loan amount
includes $520,000 for smart grid projects. Kansas Lane-Scott Electric
Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $28,460,000. USDA funds will be used to serve 580
customers, build 121 miles of distribution line and make other system
improvements. The loan amount includes $3,000,000 for smart grid projects.
Bluestem Electric Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $12,850,000. Funds will be used
to serve 431 customers, build 62 miles of distribution line and make other
system improvements. The loan amount includes $312,000 for smart grid projects.
Missouri and IowaUnited Electric Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $26,625,000. Funds
will be used to serve 652 customers, build 167 miles of distribution line and
make other system improvements. North Carolina Halifax Electric Membership
Corporation â[#x20ac]" $4,050,000. Funds will be used to improve 2 miles of
distribution line and make other system improvements. New Mexico and Texas Lea
County Electric Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $24,508,000. Funds will be used to
serve 1,158 customers, build 138 miles of distribution line and make other
system improvements. The loan amount includes $75,000 for smart grid projects.
Ohio South Central Power Company â[#x20ac]" $64,000,000. Funds will be used to
serve 5,160 customers, build 558 miles of distribution line, 34 miles of
transmission line and make other system improvements. The loan amount includes
$6,370,485 for smart grid projects. Virginia Central Virginia Electric
Cooperative â[#x20ac]" $22,100,000. Funds will be used to serve 1,989 customers,
build 327 miles of distribution line and make other system improvements. The
loan amount includes $1,157,330 for smart grid projects. The $207.9 million in
USDA loan guarantees announced today will be used to build nearly 2,000 miles of
line, fund more than $11 million in smart grid projects and make other system
improvements. Since 2011, USDA has invested more than $526 million in smart grid
technologies nationwide. President Obama's plan for rural America has brought
about historic investment and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the
President's leadership, these investments in housing, community facilities,
businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading
the way â[#x20ac]" strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural
communities. USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural way of
life that stands as the backbone of our American values. President Obama and
Agriculture Secretary Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of Federal
resources to foster sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is
a strong partner for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural
communities. USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, has a portfolio
of programs designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities,
businesses, residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in
rural America. USDA has made a concerted effort to deliver results for the
American people, even as the Department implements sequestration â[#x20ac]" the
across-the-board budget reductions mandated under terms of the Budget Control
Act. USDA has already undertaken historic efforts since 2009 to save more than
$828 million in taxpayer funds through targeted, common-sense budget reductions.
These reductions have put USDA in a better position to carry out its mission,
while implementing sequester budget reductions in a fair manner that causes as
little disruption as possible.


AMP's AFEC Begins Commercial Operations

   Jan 23, 2012

   American Municipal Power, Inc.'s (AMP's) AMP Fremont energy center (AFEC) has
begun commercial operation and is now providing power to public power utilities
in seven states. The 707 MW (fired) natural gas combined cycle (NGCC) facility
will help meet the intermediate (5x16) power supply needs of 86 AMP members,
including the Delaware Municipal Electric Corporation, which joined AMP last
year, along with the Central Virginia Electric Cooperative and the Michigan
Public Power Agency.AMP finalized purchase of the facility in July 2011 and
oversaw completion of construction along with start-up and commissioning
activities. AMP purchased the facility from FirstEnergy Generation Corp.The
facility will supply intermediate power to participating AMP members.
Intermediate power is energy needed from Mondayâ[#x20ac]"Friday during the 16
highest demand hours. As an intermediate power source, AFEC has a capacity of
544 MW. Additionally, the facility includes duct-firing that allows an
additional 163 MW of generation to be available during peak demand periods. Marc
Gerken, president and CEO of AMP, said, This facility will fill a void in our
current power supply portfolio. AMP members are currently on the market for
approximately 96 percent of their intermediate power needs, and this will
mitigate that market exposure. I want to take this time to commend the AMP team
and all of our third-party team members on a very successful commissioning and
startup. Operationally, we are in good shape with natural gas contracts lined up
for 2012 and we are currently working on subsequent years. This project will
substantially benefit our participating members.


AMP Celebrates Ribbon Cutting At Fremont Energy Center

   Sep 28, 2011

   American Municipal Power, Inc. (AMP) celebrated the ribbon cutting at the
Fremont Energy Center. The Fremont Energy Center is a 707 MW natural gas
combined cycle facility, which will supply power to 85 participating AMP member
communities. The Delaware Municipal Electric Corporation, the Central Virginia
Electric Cooperative and the Michigan Public Power Agency will purchase power
from the facility. In July 2011, AMP completed purchase of the facility from
FirstEnergy Generation Corp.AMP said that the Fremont Energy Center will be an
important source of intermediate power to participants. Intermediate power is
energy needed Monday to Friday during the 16 highest demand hours. As an
intermediate power source the facility has a capacity of 544 MW. Additionally,
the facility includes duct-firing that allows an additional 163 MW of generation
during peak demand periods.Marc Gerken, president and CEO of AMP, said, Fremont
Energy Center fits well with AMP's overall power supply strategy of reducing its
members' long-term reliance on wholesale power markets through development of
diverse generation assets. AMP members presently rely on the wholesale market
for more than 90 percent of their intermediate power supply needs. Based on AMP
members' long-term power supply analysis, the Fremont facility will provide a
cost-effective, environmentally friendly, asset-based alternative to wholesale
energy and capacity markets.


USDA Announces Support For Rural Electric Improvements To Benefit Customers In
Rural America

   Nov 18, 2010

   The US Department of Agriculture (USDA) has announced that 50 rural utilities
and cooperatives in 31 states have been selected to receive guaranteed loans
that will benefit more than 183,000 rural electric cooperative consumers by
financing the construction and repair of over 15,000 miles of distribution and
transmission lines, including over $310 million invested in renewable energy.Tom
Vilsack, secretary of USDA, said: "USDA's investment in electric systems will
finance reliable and affordable electric power to homes and business in rural
America. Affordable rates and reliable service are essential to rural economic
development by encouraging businesses to locate or stay in rural areas."The $2.9
billion is funded by USDA Rural Development's Rural Utilities Service. This
funding assists with upgrades, expansion, maintenance, and replacement of rural
America's electric transmission, distribution lines and generating equipment.
The electric program also helps fund energy conservation and renewable energy
projects. For example, Basin Electric Power Cooperative (Basin Electric), based
in Bismarck, North Dakota, has been selected for $153.39 million in loan
guarantees for two wind projects. Together these projects will provide 120MW of
renewable electricity. Combined with Basin Electric's previous wind investments,
they are expected to represent over 600MW of wind generation - enough to power
the average annual needs of 175,000 homes. A loan guarantee of $84 million for
Central Virginia Electric Cooperative will finance partial ownership interest in
two renewable energy hydroelectric projects being developed by American
Municipal Power, Inc. in Kentucky. These projects are expected to provide over
14.5MW of electricity to meet anticipated economic growth in the region. A loan
guarantee of nearly $110 million for Kauai Island Cooperative in Hawaii includes
nearly $73 million for hydro plant improvements and a 10MW naphtha/biodiesel
fueled combustion turbine. Funding of each recipient is contingent upon their
meeting the conditions of the guaranteed loan agreement.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Financial Ratios                        Key Operational Employees
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2017


                              75 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                              May 14, 2010 Friday

Letter Box

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 1401 words


Friday May 14, 2010

PAYT debate was a setback for democracy

Editor of the Reformer:

"Ask for your limitations and they will be yours." That s something I was told
once. On May 4, there were 223 Westminster voters who confirmed that truth.
After two solid years of refining a plan to implement a fair, cost-effective,
and comprehensive system for trash disposal, those voters chose to limit their
options and everyone else s in town.

The majority of those individuals who voted against pay-as-you-throw and
curbside recycling on May 4 did not attend the previous two town meetings. If
they had, they would have sat through the hours-long discussions about trash and
recycling options. They would have heard the thoughtful questions and the
suggestions for improvements to the plan.

While those in favor of PAYT and curbside recycling were running around trying
to satisfy the complaints, the opponents were using this time to spread rumors,
lies, misinformation, and restricting positive PAYT information from appearing
in the town s newspaper. Who would have thought they would subvert the very
thing for which they claimed to be fighting -- i.e., more information on the
program?

Unfortunately, the special town meeting on May 4 brought out the worst of
Westminster residents. Individuals opposed to PAYT and curbside recycling were
loud and rude, they interrupted speakers, and generally showed themselves unable
to have civil discourse.

The final budget that they approved ironically raises property taxes above what
they would have been with PAYT. It raises taxes for low-income residents and the
elderly while eliminating free trash bags for them. It eliminates curbside
recycling -- a service that would have cost the average taxpayer putting out one
large PAYT trash bag a week about $60 a year or $1.15 per week. They voted to
allow out-of-towners and businesses to abuse our trash disposal service on the
backs of taxpayers. Their majority vote supports the ill-conceived notion that
individual actions (i.e., throwing out as much trash as one wants) do not affect
the local or regional environment or economy. Their uninformed vote hurts
everyone in the community.

It saddens me to think that my fellow citizens in Westminster were so unwilling
or unable to take a vote that included discussion and information. Instead these
individuals set a tone on May 4 that was ugly. They believe they have "taken
back their town," but in fact they have disgraced their town and the town
meeting process with their behavior, lies, and misinformation. That is not
democracy.

As I move on from the disgust mixed with pity that I feel for those Westminster
citizens who voted with a mob mentality, I can only look forward to the day when
they respect the path of new possibilities and become willing to participate in
a thoughtful dialogue that invites them to move beyond their self-limitations.

Jan Ameen,

Westminster, May 13

Federal loan guarantees for nuclear plants are proper

Editor of the Reformer:

The realities associated with the federal government s loan guarantee program
for new nuclear energy facilities were grossly distorted in the Reformer s May 5
article, "Former NRC commissioner says no to loan guarantees."

Loan guarantees for new nuclear energy facilities will not divert money from
other clean energy supplies. Currently, $76.5 billion in direct subsidies, tax
credits and loan guarantees is available from the federal government for
renewable energy technologies and other alternative energy supplies. This
compares to $18.5 billion in loan guarantees available for new nuclear energy
facilities.

Peter Bradford, the former NRC commissioner quoted in the story, ignores the
complete funding picture.

A loan guarantee is a government-backed loan that allows companies to borrow
capital for major projects at lower interest rates. This reduces the overall
project cost, which means lower electricity prices for consumers. All loans must
be paid back in full and loan recipients must pay a fee for receiving a loan
guarantee.

There is no cost to taxpayers unless there is a full project default, which is
unlikely because of the extremely stringent financial requirements of the loan
guarantee program. Companies receiving the guarantees are required to have 20
percent equity available and are in a "first loss" position should they default.

Renewable energy sources, conservation and efficiency all are important, but
alone they cannot meet all the nation s energy needs. The National Academies of
Science, Environmental Protection Agency, Intergovernmental Panel on Climate
Change and Energy Information Administration agree that reducing carbon
emissions requires a portfolio of clean energy technologies, including a major
expansion of nuclear energy.

The nation s 104 nuclear power plants safely produce more than 70 percent of the
nation s low-carbon electricity. Loan guarantees are a low-risk means to build
new low-carbon nuclear facilities to protect the environment and ensure we have
reliable electricity in the future.

Scott Peterson,

vice president, Nuclear Energy Institute,

Washington, D.C., May 12

Bartlett is talking down to Vermont s voters

Editor of the Reformer:

An open letter to Susan Bartlett:

In reading an e-mail campaign ad that I found with some surprise in my inbox
this morning, a phrase popped spontaneously into my mind: "the lady doth protest
too much."

In the ad, she stated that "Matt Dunne s call for the disclosure of more details
of the finances of gubernatorial candidates is a distraction. The voters want to
know how I will help business create jobs, lower the cost of health care and
improve education while lowering property taxes. They are concerned about their
future and the future of Vermont, not the details of my finances. I do not
believe there is anything the voters will gain by releasing this information."

Why should you object to total financial disclosure? Why would any candidate? In
an America where the rich really do run things, without transparency, this
should be required of political candidates.

After everything that has happened over the past few decades, I have truly come
to believe that, with rare exceptions, people with net worths in the many
hundreds of thousands or millions of dollars really do not grasp the realities
of the average American, and are in fact the enemy of our welfare and democracy,
simply because they have managed, via active political influence, to seize a
larger and larger share of economic and political control, to everyone s
detriment.

I therefore want to know everything I can about a candidate s wealth, to help me
scrutinize what they say and do. Are they likely part of a remote, protected
elite, or do they live in the same world the rest of us have to inhabit? This
matters.

I am not a supporter of any candidate at this point, although I will have to
vote Democratic or Progressive, but I think the tone of your message is
presumptuous and, in fact, elitist. I don t need you to tell me what I am
concerned about. I know what I m concerned about and more interested in. In
fact, the tone of your message so surprised me that I wondered if this was in
fact some sort of sabotage by another candidate. Just be totally open with us.
Anything less is unacceptable. And don t talk down to Vermont s electorate.

Ralph Meima,

Brattleboro, May 12

On fostering a discussion

Editor of the Reformer:

To Steven K-Brooks and all:

We on the Town Arts Committee appreciate your response to the article in the
Ovation section of the Brattleboro Reformer, the article which announced a "poet
laureate" discussion meeting on May 13. We understand the points that you are
making.

Please know that in no way was there an intention on the part of the Town Arts
Committee to shepherd this proposal along by advocating for the creation of a
poet laureate position. We only wish to create a forum for discussion about the
topic, which might or might not result in further consideration of the subject.

Poet laureates have been appointed in Northampton, Mass and Winona, Minn. We on
the Town Arts Committee simply wanted to lift up the idea. There may be no
interest. But there may be interest. There is no agenda. The Town Arts committee
simply asks for feedback about this idea. We all hope that "the power of poetry
continues to propel itself into our consciousness," as you so well said.

Mary Ellen Bixby,

Town Arts Committee,

Brattleboro, May 12

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  My Republica

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday

Briefly: Gorkha Brewery reimburses borrowers' interest

LENGTH: 596 words

DATELINE: KATHMANDU


KATHMANDU, Sept. 18 -- Gorkha Brewery said Thursday that it has reimbursed the
interest paid by families in Mukundapur-6 of Nawalparasi who had taken its
loan-facility to buy mature milk-yielding cows or buffaloes on a group guarantee
.

Gorkha Brewery had initiated the micro-finance project in the VDC in 2010 for
the economic empowerment of the local community, it said in a statement issued
Thursday.

The brewery reimbursed the interest at the end of the term on completion of
payment of the EMI, it said.

Gorkha Brewery had partnered with a local bank to provide the loan facility on a
group guarantee to families in the area with an annual income of less than US$
1,000.

In addition, 50 percent rebate was also provided on loan processing and
insurance costs, according to the statement.

Gorkha Brewery say 110 borrowers have availed of the credit facility since its
launch in 2011.

A group of 75 borrowers received interest payback in the beginning of this year,
and finally a group of the 35 remaining borrowers received interest payback this
week, the brewer said.

"By empowering local communities with economic opportunities, and investing in
long-term sustainable relationships, our CSR programs are changing lives," the
statement quoted Philip Norley, the Managing Director of Gorkha brewery, as
saying during a loan-disbursement ceremony.

"This is a one of a kind economic project wherein I bought two cows with the
loan money and now within three years the cows have multiplied to 20. I am very
thankful to Gorkha brewery for helping us," Srijana Regmi, a local borrower,
said at the event, according to Gorkha Brewery.

Fitrite launches Dashain Aayo Offer Paayo scheme

Fitrite has launched its 'Dashain Aayo Offer Paayo' scheme on the occasion of
Dashain-Tihar festivals. Under the scheme, its customers will get instant prizes
when they buy shoes from Fitrite, Bata and Signature brands. 10 percent
discounts will also be offered on Bata shoes and slippers. Fitrite, in its
statement, said the offer was available on all models of casual, sports and
party shoes and slippers. Likewise, the company also said it has started selling
in SWAT boots from The Original Footwear Company, Inc, for the first time in the
Nepali market.

Hulas unveils new logo, 'handy pack'

Hulas Foods has changed its logo as well as the packaging of its products --
rice, wheat flour, papad and pulse. According to a statement from Hulas Foods,
it is bringing out its products in 'easy and attractive hand packs' along with
the new logo. "Hulas, a popular brand among the consumers for the last 25 years,
has changed its logo and packing and brought its products in more attractive and
easy handy packs," the statement reads.

Har-Pal Foods launches Pasand for Nepali market

Harpal Foods has brought Pasand, a brand of rice from India's Goyal Overseas, to
Nepal. Issuing a statement on Thursday, Har-Pal Foods said it has been selling
Goyal Overseas' Usina, Basmati and Jeera Masino products under the Har-Pal brand
in 5, 10 and 20-kg packets in Nepali market. Har-Pal's manager Taraman Dhami
said in the statement that the Pasand brand of rice, which is distributed in
Gulf countries, the US and Europe, was launched for the Nepali market following
demand from consumers. Har-Pal Chaamal is available in Kathmandu, Pokhara,
Butwal, Narayangadh, Nepalgunj, Birtamode and Bhairawaha, according to the
statement.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Republica. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Nepal Republic Media Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              77 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            April 15, 2010 Thursday

More than 22,000 jobs attributed to USDA Loan Guarantee Program

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 332 words


For the Headlight

ALBUQUERQUE - Aided by $1.5 billion in American Recovery and Reinvestment Act
funds, the U.S. Department of Agriculture has helped more than 420 rural
businesses create or preserve 22,000 jobs in rural America in the past year,
Agriculture Under Secretary Dallas Tonsager announced. Recovery Act funding
created a nearly 300-percent increase in USDA's Business and Industry (B&I)
Guaranteed Loan Program for lenders who finance businesses in rural communities.

"This program is a win-win for rural businesses, rural communities and their
lenders," Tonsager said. "Our USDA team is committed to helping rural businesses
modernize and flourish in any economic climate."

USDA is helping lenders use the B&I Guaranteed Loan Program to jumpstart rural
economies by providing loan guarantees of up to 90 percent for business loans in
communities of 50,000 or less. Guarantees are available for loans up to $25
million for businesses and $40 million for cooperative organizations. More than
1,400 lenders in rural communities are already participating.

New Mexico USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner stated, "We
encourage current and prospective business owners along with their lenders to
consider our guaranteed loan program as they consider expanding their business
operations or create a new business venture." Businesses interested in learning
more about eligibility should contact the New Mexico State Office at
(505)761-4953 for more information.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, administers and manages more
than 40 housing, business and community infrastructure and facility programs
through a network of 6,100 employees located in 500 national, state and local
offices. These programs are designed to improve the economic stability of rural
communities, businesses, residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality
of life in rural America. Rural Development has an existing portfolio of more
than $134 billion in loans and loan guarantees.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2010 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             The Malaysian Reserve

                            March 28, 2013 Thursday

Banks 'not keen' on loans to Indian SMEs

BYLINE: Kamalavacini Ramanathan

SECTION: C - CENTRAL; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 647 words


Indian small and medium sized entrepreneurs (SMEs) are finding it tough to tap
into a RM130 million Islamic financing facility that was announced by the
government nine months ago.

The main reason: Perceived reluctance of Islamic banks on loans probably due to
lack of a guarantee from the authorities and perceived weak credit worthiness of
the applicants. As of Jan 23, 77 out of 81 applicants for the Shariah-compliant
SME financing scheme (SSFS), which is channelled through the Special Secretariat
for Empowerment of Indian Entrepreneurs (SEED), were rejected. Only four
entrepreneurs received financing worth RM4.4 million.

SEED director Dr AT Kumararajah said the 13 Islamic banks entrusted to disburse
the RM130 million special Indian business facilitation fund announced by Prime
Minister Datuk Seri Mohd Najib Razak in June 2012, were "not interested" to lend
the money to the community as the financial institutions were only looking at
the applicants from a "business case" view.

"It's not a special fund for the Indians. The banks are not keen to lend money
to Indian entrepreneurs as the money is solely under their discretion. There is
no government guarantee to that money," he told The Malaysian Reserve.

SEED, a special secretariat, which reports directly to Minister in Prime
Minister's Department Datuk Seri G Palanivel, who is also MIC president, is
meant to assist the Indian business community to get access to bank loans.

On June 9, 2012, Najib announced various forms of loans worth RM180 million for
the Indian community, of which RM130 million was supposed to be channelled
through the SSFS, with each of the participating Islamic banks to providing RM10
million worth of loans. This is seen as one of the plans by the government to
assist the Indian community.

Aside from the Islamic banks, Malaysian Industrial Development Finance (MIDF)
was to provide RM10 million in SME soft loans - RM5 million under the enrichment
and enhancement programme meant for business start-ups and microenterprises and
RM30 million through the microfinance facility provider under the so-called
Tekun Nasional scheme.

Islamic banks that were approached by The Malaysian Reserve declined to comment
on the issue.

Dr Kumararajah said 95% of the applications, which went through normal credit
evaluation criteria, was at a risk of rejection at the final evaluation process
under the scheme.

While stressing that there is no "special treatment" for business proposals
which passed through SEED, he said the only incentive in the SSFS scheme was the
2% interest rebate given by the government to the participating banks for their
cost of financing.

"We are looking for a redesigned scheme that would enable the Indian businesses
being evaluated on a different basis than a standard evaluation process.

"We understand that there are a lot more that need to be restructured in order
for the Indian business community to get preferential access, in terms of
funding and that is what we (SEED) are doing now," he said.

In a step to address these issues, Dr Kumararajah said SEED has prepared a
comprehensive memorandum which was submitted by Palanivel to Najib, who is also
the finance minister, in a Cabinet meeting last month.

In the memorandum, Dr Kumararajah said SEED has proposed to the government to
provide RM130 million directly to the Indian business community which can be
managed by designated institutions such as SME Corp.

SEED also wants to work with Bank Negara Malaysia to monitor from "root to tip"
the performance of the banks and both the approved and rejected applications by
the joint cooperation proposed under the SSFS scheme.

If the above suggestion is not taken into consideration, he said SEED will then
propose to the government to come up with a guarantee scheme mechanism whereby
the banks still provide the funds, with the guarantee from the government.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 Syed Hussain Publications Sdn Bhd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              79 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 14, 1980, Friday, Late City Final Edition

U.S. Steel Plant Action Called Legal; Suit Ended

BYLINE: Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 4, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 331 words

DATELINE: YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio, Nov. 13


A United States District Court judge ruled today that, on the basis of pretrial
information, the United States Steel Corporation did not violate antitrust laws
by refusing to negotiate with a group of workers who wanted to purchase the
company's closed McDonald steel works near here.

After the ruling, however, the steelworkers agreed to drop their suit in
exchange for agreements from U.S. Steel and Toro Enterprises, a local holding
company that has the right to operate a part of the facility, that could lead to
the reopening of the entire plant.

In a year-long battle, the workers have bee n trying to purchase the facility,
which was phased out last sprin g, with the use of Federal loans and loan
guarantees. The plant had employed 3,600 workers. U.S. Steel, however, has
turned over the right to lease or buy a large part of the McDonald mills to Tor
o.

Partial Opening Sought

The Community Steel Corporation, the company formed by the workers, had sought
to use Federal loans and loan guarantees to reopen the McDonald works as a
steelmaking facility. Toro sought only to reopen the 14-inch shape mill at
McDonald.

Community Steel viewed the plan to reopen the 14-inch mill as an attempt by U.S.
Steel to subvert its plan to win Federal funding for a larger revitalization
program for the mills.

Under the terms of the settlement, Community Steel and the McDonald Steel
Corporation, a Toro subsidiary, will each name three representatives to an
advisory panel. The advisory panel will recommend ways in which McDonald Steel's
operation can be expanded.  However, Toro remains in complete charge of the
operation.

U.S. Steel agreed not to dismantle or remove three rolling mills at the complex
during the first five years of Toro's lease and said it would expedite the
process of preparing the 14-inch mill so that Toro can begin operations as
quickly as possible.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                              80 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 2, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 233  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Kenneth Kuchno
Director
Phone: 202.690.4673
Purpose

The Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program (Broadband Program)
furnishes loans and loan guarantees to provide funds for the costs of
construction, improvement, or acquisition of facilities and equipment needed to
provide service at the broadband lending speed in eligible rural areas.

The goal of the Broadband Program is to ensure that rural consumers enjoy the
same quality and range of services that are available in urban and suburban
communities. This program aims to lend to entities capable of repaying its loans
and that plan to offer service at a level that keeps pace with technology
upgrades while meeting the demands of customers in rural America.
Eligibility

Eligible entities may be either a nonprofit or for-profit organization, and must
take one of the following forms:

Corporation
    Limited liability company (LLC)
    Cooperative or mutual organization
    Indian tribe or tribal organization
    State or local government, including any agency, subdivision or
instrumentality thereof

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Available funds: $735,000,000

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              81 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                    November 7, 2001 Wednesday CITY EDITION

HUD TO SECURE HOSPITAL LOAN;
GUARANTEE WILL SAVE $2.5 MILLION

BYLINE: KEVIN HARTER, Pioneer Press

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 278 words


HUDSON, Wis. -- The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development approved a
$26.8 million mortgage insurance guarantee for Hudson Hospital on Tuesday.

The HUD mortgage guarantee will allow the hospital to finance the new facility
through low-interest bonds that will save it about $2.4 million over the 25-year
mortgage.

"The HUD mortgage is a tremendous benefit for the hospital and community. The
terms of the HUD loan guarantee enable the hospital to save significant amounts
of money," said Marian Furlong, president and CEO of Hudson Hospital.

Hospital officials said they worked closely with Gov. Scott McCallum and former
governor and U.S. Health and Human Services Commissioner Tommy Thompson in
securing the HUD mortgage guarantee.

Ground will be broken later this month on a 143,000-square-foot facility, which
is expected to open in the spring of 2003.

The remainder of the $42.3 million project is being raised by the Hudson
Memorial Health Foundation's Capital Campaign.

So far about $12 million of the $15.5 million goal has been raised.

The new facility will be built on 17 acres off Interstate 94, which will allow
easier access than the present hospital, which opened in 1953 in the heart of
Hudson.

It will also be equipped with the latest in medical technology and have larger
operating rooms.

"Residents of Hudson and surrounding communities can take comfort knowing that
their local hospital and health campus will offer the same sophisticated level
of services that are offered at bigger, urban hospitals," Furlong said.

Kevin Harter can be reached at kharter@pioneerpress.com or (800) 739-3921.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2001 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            January 18, 2013 Friday

CM's bonanza for youths- easy loans, subsidy for startups

SECTION: BHOPAL

LENGTH: 458 words


BHOPAL: In a bonanza to the youths the Madhya Pradesh chief minister announced
100% loan guarantee by the state government for establishing self-employment
units costing up to Rs 25 lakh. Similarly, up to 20% margin money and loan
guarantee on industries worth up to Rs 50,000 will also be given by the state
government. Chouhan was addressing the Yuva Panchayat at Jamboree Maidan here on
Wednesday held under the series of Swami Vivekananda Mahotsav Samaroh.

Chouhan said that the state government will also give interest on education
guarantee loans. Loan fairs will be held in all districts for making available
higher education loans. Assistance worth up to Rs 15 lakh will be given to
talented students for studies abroad.

Announcing the "Maa tujhe pranam yojna" for youths, Chouhan said that under the
scheme, youths will be taken on visit to border areas. Coaching will be imparted
to youths in Madhya Pradesh in water sports, martial arts and shooting with aim
to encourage them to win Olympics medal. The quantum of sports prize money will
be doubled and mukhyamantri yuva olympics will be held at village, development
block up to state-level. Its winners will be taken on visit to Vivekananda Rock
Memorial, Kanyakumari. Activities of NSS and NCC will be expanded in colleges.

Chouhan announced to bring issuance of duplicate marksheets, migration
certificates and TC under the purview of the Public Service Delivery Guarantee
Act and 11 colleges will be developed as community colleges. For SC, ST
students, 20 post-matric boys and 20 post-matric girls hostels will be
established.

Wi-fi facility will be extended in colleges and internet facility in schools. A
campaign will be launched to upgrade laboratories in all colleges. Similarly,
the first vocational university of the country will be established in Madhya
Pradesh to impart job- oriented courses to youths. Placement cells will be set
up in all colleges at the district level and Vivekananda Yuva Kendras will be
established in all districts. Engineering colleges are being opened at Jhabua,
Shahdol and Naugaon.

He said that a mukhyamantri yuva contractor yojna will be launched for the
benefit of engineering pass outs. Besides, chief minister's internship scheme
will also be launched. Loans worth up to Rs 10 lakh each will be made available
to youths to start custom hiring centres.

Public relations minister Laxmikant Sharma said that the state government is
committed to giving right direction to youths through Yuva Panchayat held to
mark 150th birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananda. State BJP president Narendra
Singh Tomar said that initiative has been taken for the first time in the state
to establish direct dialogue with youth power.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                                October 31, 2011

Community Development Funds for Rural America

BYLINE: Tammye Trevino

SECTION: OPEN FORUM; Pg. 4 Vol. 36 No. 7

LENGTH: 1397  words


For over 60 years, the Rural Housing Service, part of the Department of
Agriculture's Rural Development Mission Area, has been supporting the community
development needs of rural America. By providing essential credit access to
areas in which low population density has hindered capital formation and
infrastructure development, RHS helps foster the economic stability needed to
sustain rural America, preserving its vital contribution to our nation's
prosperity, security and success.

To ensure the effectiveness of efforts to improve capital access in rural areas,
RHS over the past two years has reevaluated programs from both delivery and
beneficiary perspectives, and made important enhancements, including
re-engineering the Section 502 Single Family Housing Guaranteed program such
that fees are expected to offset losses allowing the program to facilitate rural
borrowers' access to credit while mitigating costs to the taxpayer, increasing
flexibility in lending programs for better responsiveness to changing economic
conditions, and actively emphasizing loan modifications and workout solutions
designed to keep homeowners in their homes.

Our programs are far-reaching. The single-family housing, multifamily housing
and community facilities service areas are closely integrated through the 47
state offices and 500 area offices that comprise our field office structure.
This integration enables better resource management, improved data gathering
and, most critically, more responsive interaction with the communities we serve.
With a budget authority of $1.3 billion, RHS leveraged a program level of
approximately $27.2 billion in loans, loan guarantees, grants and technical
assistance in FY 2011. In undercapitalized rural economies across the nation,
the significance of this level of commitment can hardly be overstated.

Since FY 2008, the program level for the Section 502 Single Family Housing
Guaranteed program has increased almost fourfold. The strategic realignment of
the fee structure, lowered the cost of new guarantees and has helped the program
expand to the current program level of $24 billion from $6.2 billion in fiscal
year 2008. The number of loans provided families throughout rural America more
than doubled from 63,833 in FY 2008 to 129,560 in FY 2011. In the three years
from FY 2009 to FY 2011, this program spurred $49.7 billion in new loans, making
the dream of homeownership a reality for more than 395,000 Americans with
limited credit access. Looking forward, the 2012 budget proposes a $24 billion
program level for the Section 502 loan SFH guarantees which is anticipated to
fully meet demand. The 2012 fee structure will be a 1.97% upfront fee and an
annual fee of 0.3%.

For the Single Family Home Direct Program in FY 2008, 15,199 loans were made
totaling $1.17 billion. In FY 2009, the number of loans increased to 16,820 and
the total loan amount grew 26.9% to $1.48 billion bolstered in part by the
housing provisions within the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act. ARRA's
influence was also felt in 2010, as the number of loans and the loan amount rose
to 22,266 and $2.17 million, respectively, the latter a 46.4% increase versus
the previous year. In the three years from FY 2009 to FY 2011, more than 52,000
SFH Direct loans with obligations totaling $4.79 million were made to very low
and low-income rural Americans.

The Section 502 SFH Direct Program is unique to RHS. It is a means-tested
mortgage loan program targeting low- and very low-income families and households
to assist them in purchasing decent, safe and sanitary housing in eligible rural
areas. Low-income is defined as 80% of area median income or less. Forty percent
of the funds are set aside for very low-income applicants. This program assists
applicants who are unable to obtain credit from other sources on terms and
conditions they can reasonably be expected to fulfill.

The SFH Direct and Guaranteed homeownership programs reflect the long-term
benefits such ownership confers not just on families, but on society as a whole.
Homeowners enhance community stability and they attract private capital in the
form of businesses seeking established communities in which to invest. But above
all, under normal conditions, home ownership provides one of the few
opportunities for meaningful wealth creation which too often proves elusive for
low income Americans. Even if housing prices only keep pace with inflation, the
leveraging that occurs through a mortgage loan, coupled with the long
homeownership terms that are typical in the direct and guaranteed programs,
often provides a critical foundation for financial independence that can support
families in present and future generations, that can fortify communities, and
ultimately return tax dollars to state coffers.

When focus widens beyond financial returns, it becomes clear these are not the
only benefits. Harvard's Joint Center for Housing Studies have repeatedly
demonstrated that children of low-income homeowners achieve more in school,
attaining higher math and reading scores, and have fewer behavioral problems
than children in rental housing who move more frequently.

In addition to the credit extended through these loan programs, two RHS Single
Family grant programs, 504 Direct (very low-income) and 523 Mutual and Self-Help
(low income), provided an additional $195.8 million to rural Americans needing
home improvements or seeking to build their own homes from the start of FY 2009
through FY 2011.

For families and individuals who often could not qualify for single-family
housing loans during that period, the RHS multifamily housing programs helped
secure financing to build housing projects containing more than 9,300 units,
through the 515 Direct, Farm Labor Housing and 538 Guaranteed Rural Rental
Housing programs. In addition, more than 28,700 units were renovated, through
the Multifamily Preservation and Revitalization Demonstration Program.
Preservation of existing rental housing stock has ensured that program
beneficiaries have acceptable housing that both meets safety standards and
protects the substantial investment the U.S. taxpayer has made in rural
communities. The leverage inherent to these programs greatly enhances their
effectiveness. In FY 2009 and FY 2010 (the most recent years for which
information is available), the USDA investment of $648.8 million attracted an
additional $1.74 billion in third-party investments for rental housing in rural
America.

These improvements to multifamily housing stock benefited some of the more than
460,000 Americans living in Rural Development units across the country. More
than 270,000 of these people were provided rental assistance allowing them to
live in rental apartments of their own.

These MFH programs are recognized by many as a lifeline not only for some of the
poorest of America's rural poor, but also for many elderly and persons with
disabilities.

Using program resources to encourage healthier, more efficient credit markets,
RHS field offices develop innovative and holistic solutions to meet the
prosperity challenges unique to rural communities. The needs of these
communities are complex and RHS works closely with the other Rural Development
Service groups to address the complicated environmental and economic dynamics.
The goal to create viable and sustainable communities, means the overall needs
of the community, not simply its residential needs must be foremost.

This work entails much more than raising roof beams. The loans and grants
provided through the Community Facilities program support a broad range of
facilities from hospitals and health clinics, to public safety buildings, school
facilities and rural libraries. Municipal infrastructure such as town halls,
courthouses, county office buildings, and streets and bridges are also eligible.

In FY 2011, 2,221 jobs and 4,627 jobs were estimated to have been retained and
created respectively through projects financed by the CF programs. While some of
these jobs are temporary construction jobs, a large complex project such as a
critical access hospital or college multipurpose building may employ teams of
various construction specialties for two years or more. During that period,
those workers support the local economy through purchases of groceries, gas and
other necessities.

Tammye Trevino is the Rural Housing Services administrator.

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2011 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    February 6, 2004 Friday Ontario Edition

Past losses may make stadium hard sell

BYLINE: RICK MATSUMOTO, Toronto Star

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C02

LENGTH: 568 words

HIGHLIGHT:
Dome boondoggle cost $262 million Corel deal also hit taxpayers in wallet


Ontario taxpayers lost $262.7 million on the SkyDome.

Ottawa's Corel Centre cost the province another $21 million.

Those experiences may make it hard for the University of Toronto and Maple Leaf
Sports and Entertainment to persuade federal and provincial politicians to
guarantee loans needed to rebuild Varsity Stadium.

MLSE president and CEO Richard Peddie told the Star on Wednesday that without
the government guarantees the $100 million project would not proceed. But to get
backing for the loans MLSE and the university will have to overcome recent
history.

Many Ontario taxpayers will remember that the SkyDome was supposed to cost $225
million, all of which was to be privately financed. But as the costs escalated
to more than $650 million, the provincial government agreed to guarantee loans
needed to cover the $425 million in overruns.

When SkyDome was eventually sold to a private consortium in 1994, the net cost
to taxpayers was $262.7 million, according to government documents.

In the early 1990s, the Ottawa Senators received a $6 million federal grant and
a $26 million provincial loan to build the Corel Centre and an interchange off
the highway leading to the site. Last June, the province forgave the unpaid
balance of $21 million as part of a deal to allow Eugene Melnyk to purchase the
bankrupt Senators.

Government loan guarantees were also used to refurbish the Ricoh Centre at
Exhibition Place. In 2002, the city loaned $9 million and agreed to guarantee
another $10 million of a $20 million loan to Coliseum Renovation Corp, owned by
Roadrunners CEO Lyle Abraham of Edmonton, to complete the $38 million project.

While the city remains the owner of the building, it is leased to CRC for 49
years. However, Exhibition Place general manager Dianne Young said the agreement
with CRC calls for the city to receive most of facility rental fees (other than
for Roadrunner games) until the $9 million loan is repaid.

She said the city would be out the other $10 million only if the loan was called
in and CRC could not pay it off.

Jon Dellandrea, the U of T's vice-president of development, insisted yesterday
that the Varsity development is not a case of professional sports teams seeking
taxpayers' money. (The project would give the CFL's Argonauts a new home and
includes a permanent practice rink for the Maple Leafs.)

"It's not a get-rich project for pro sports," Dellandrea said. "The Argos will
be a tenant and the Leafs have voluntarily agreed to pay substantially more
money for practice ice time than they now pay at their facility (Lakeshore
Arena).

"From the university's viewpoint it's all about the revitalization of Bloor St.
and what's good for our students and the U of T community. The majority use of
the facilities will be by our students.

"What we're looking for (from government) is an infrastructure investment. In
due course (35 years) the facilities will belong to the university."

The project includes a 25,000-seat stadium and two hockey arenas.

Provincial Finance Minister Greg Sorbara refused to speculate on what position
his government will take on the request for loan guarantees.

A spokesman for York Centre MP Art Eggleton, the chair of the Liberal
government's GTA caucus, confirmed that a meeting has been requested but no date
has been set.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2004 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              85 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                             March 17, 2009 Tuesday

SBA Loan Market Has A Stimulus Of Its Own

BYLINE: Emily Flitter

SECTION: WASHINGTON; Pg. 1 Vol. 174 No. 51

LENGTH: 781  words


WASHINGTON - An Obama administration plan to stimulate small-business lending
could lure wary lenders back to the business and kick-start the struggling
market, bankers said Monday.

The administration said it plans to use up to $15 billion of Troubled Asset
Relief Program money to buy securitized pools of Small Business Administration
loans. It will also raise the government guarantee on SBA loans to 90% and lower
the fees charged to both borrowers and lenders.

"This is a real game-changer," said Chris Reilly, the president of CIT Group
Inc.'s small-business lending unit. "I think it's a beautifully simplistic
solution, as well. This direct buyback of SBA-guaranteed loans, together with
the waiver of all the borrower and some lender fees, is very substantial."

Administration officials said they hope the buyback spurs lending by bankers who
worry they might not be able to sell SBA loans in the current environment.

"Any community bank - any bank - will know that any loan that they make from
this day forward will be able to be sold to someone who packages loans, who
themselves will know that there is a buyer," a senior administration official
said during a conference call explaining the program.

Guarantee fees for SBA borrowers have been eliminated in both the 7(a) and 504
lending programs; for the 504 program, fees for some lenders were also cut, and
government guarantees on 7(a) loans will now be 90%.

"There is an attempt to put public policy behind all the rhetoric," said Tony
Wilkinson, the president of the National Association of Government Guaranteed
Lenders. "The rhetoric has always been small business is going to lead us out of
the recession, but until now you haven't seen the policy to back it up."

The announcement was a reversal from the policies of the Bush administration,
which raised fees and cut the SBA's budget for several years. The announcement
by Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner, together with the implementation of
related provisions in the stimulus package designed to encourage small-business
lending, signaled a new willingness to use the agency to stimulate the economy.

The new program aims to regenerate a secondary SBA loan market, which dried up
as the credit crisis worsened. The administration estimated that there is a
backlog of around $3 billion of pooled 7(a) loans that could not be sold to
investors.

SBA officials predicted that the frozen secondary market could cause annual SBA
lending to sink as low as $10 billion, from its previous average of $20 billion.
Lending dropped 57% in the fourth quarter, and officials said it may have fallen
even further in the first two months of this year.

Cynthia Blakenship, a vice chairman of Bank of the West in Grapevine, Tex., who
participated in a roundtable discussion on the issue Monday with President
Obama, said, "Right now our bank is sitting on unsold portions of
government-guaranteed loans, because there has been no secondary market."

That and other changes should persuade lenders to renew their SBA programs, she
said. "This is a giant step in the right direction to give banks that perhaps
have gotten out of the program an incentive to get back to the program. ... It
will be a shot in the arm to community banks."

Camden Fine, the president of the Independent Community Bankers of America, said
the number of banks making SBA loans dropped to 2,700 last year, from 5,200 in
2001.

"The guarantees kept getting cut, the fees kept getting higher, and there were
fewer and fewer SBA loan poolers," he said. "This administration has recognized
that and is working to reverse what has been a declining trend in SBA lending on
the part of community bankers."

Broker-dealers were more cautious, raising concerns that the program could
interfere with a facility established by the Federal Reserve Board to lend money
to investors looking to buy new securities. Administration officials said the
new program was not meant to cancel out the Fed's Term Asset-Backed Securities
Lending Facility, which is accepting its first round of loan applications this
month.

"Over time, we believe these programs will be complementary," a senior official
said.

The Treasury Department said it had hired an investment manager to purchase any
securities packaged on or after July 1, 2008. The administration did not release
details on how the securities would be priced or how many pre-existing pools it
would purchase.

The administration also said it would begin requiring the 21 largest Tarp
recipients to report monthly on their small-business lending activities.
Officials said Geithner had also asked bank regulators to begin requiring
quarterly reports on small-business lending from all institutions.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com/

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AB


                        Copyright 2009 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                           February 10, 2011 Thursday

Ex-Im Bank Approves Nearly $1 Billion in Financing to Support U.S. Exports to
Colombia's Ecopetrol

LENGTH: 633  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Feb. 10 -- The Export-Import Bank of the United States (Ex-Im Bank) has
given final approval to a $420 million medium-term loan guarantee facility and a
$459.8 million long-term loan guarantee facility to help finance the sale of
goods and services from various U.S. exporters to Ecopetrol S.A., Colombia's
national oil company.

Ecopetrol will use the financing to buy the products and services from U.S.
companies large and small, to develop oil and gas reserves, improve existing oil
field production and upgrade refineries. The company plans to significantly
increase petroleum production to 1 million barrels of oil equivalent per day by
2015.

"This transaction will provide U.S. exporters the ability to sell goods and
services to this important market, while helping Ecopetrol expand production and
contributing to Colombia's economic growth," said Ex-Im Bank Chairman Fred P.
Hochberg.

Colombia is one of nine dynamic economies with a growing appetite for
infrastructure development that Ex-Im Bank has identified as offering U.S.
companies the greatest opportunities for increased export sales.

"The news of the decisions of the Ex-Im Bank board to approve the loan guarantee
facilities is excellent," said Ecopetrol President Javier Gutierrez. "It will
allow Ecopetrol to more easily purchase U.S. services to expand its investments
in exploration, production, refinery modernization and clean energy. Ecopetrol
looks forward to growing this new partnership with the U.S. Export-Import Bank."

The long-term loan guarantee facility will provide support to modernize the
Berrancabermeja refinery, Colombia's largest refinery, with total project costs
estimated at approximately $4 billion. The medium-term loan guarantee facility
will support company-wide capital investments. Using the proceeds of both
facilities, Ecopetrol will be able to process heavy crude and significantly
increase its overall production capacity.

Gutierrez noted that Ecopetrol is committed to excellent environmental best
practices and is actively developing bio-fuels. He said Ex-Im Bank's support
will enable Ecopetrol to pursue the use of clean technologies in the production
of gasoline and diesel fuels, and significantly upgrade and streamline
production processes.

According to Gutierrez, Ex-Im Bank's support also will have a tremendous impact
on industrial and social development in Barracabermeja and other areas of the
country, including major improvements in worker education, and creation of new
jobs and businesses.

In January 2010 during a visit to Colombia, Chairman Hochberg announced the
Bank's preliminary commitment of $1 billion to finance Ecopetrol's purchase of
U.S. goods and services. The Bank's board of directors subsequently approved
conversions of the preliminary commitment into these two recently approved final
commitments.

Ex-Im Bank, an independent, self-sustaining federal agency, helps create and
maintain American jobs by filling gaps in export financing and strengthening
U.S. export competitiveness.

During the first quarter of Fiscal Year 2011, the Bank approved $8 billion in
total financing authorizations, supporting nearly $9.3 billion in export sales.
The sales in turn support approximately 66,000 American jobs in communities
across the country. During the FY2011 first quarter small business
authorizations rose over 22 percent, and new customer volume rose 55 percent,
over the same period of 2010.

In Fiscal Year 2010 overall, the Bank authorized a record high of approximately
$24.5 billion in loans, guarantees and insurance, supporting about 230,000
American jobs. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak
Banker. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              87 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Chapel Hill Herald (Durham, NC)

                             April 12, 2002 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Charter school finds building a good idea;
USDA's rural facilities development program to guarantee building loan

BYLINE: By NEIL OFFEN nho@heraldsun.com; 918-1035

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 628 words


HILLSBOROUGH - Constructing a new school building isn't only a good educational
idea for Orange Charter School. It's a good business deal as well, say school
officials.

"The mortgage payment we will have on our building will be less than what we are
currently paying in rent," said Nerissa Rivera, a parent at Orange Charter who
also served as chairwoman of the school's land committee. "It will be cheaper
for us and it will be ours. How can you beat that?"

The five-year-old charter school has been renting space at Sunrise Baptist
Church, near the intersection of New Hope Church Road and Interstate 40, since
the beginning of the current school year.

The K-8 school has been in rented quarters at the Fairview Baptist Church, off
U.S. 70.

"We haven't had a place to really, really call our own," said Rivera. "And it
has been getting both very difficult and extremely expensive to find rental
space in the community."

The school pays the church $12,000 a month plus utilities. The mortgage payment
on a $1.43 million loan the school obtained from Durham's Self-Help Credit Union
will be $11,700 a month.

The school also made a $200,000 down payment with money it had saved for
construction of the new facility, which is going up on Corporate Drive in the
Meadowlands development near the Triangle Sportsplex.

Obtaining financing for the project wasn't easy, school Principal Chuck Nolan
acknowledged.

The state Department of Public Instruction funds operating expenses for charter
schools, but does not offer construction money.

"That made this a real challenge," Nolan said. "We might not have been able to
do this without the U.S. Department of Agriculture."

The USDA has a rural facilities development program that allows the federal
agency to guarantee 90 percent of a loan for construction of buildings that
support local infrastructure in a rural area.

"Charter schools qualify under that," Nolan said. "But not many schools know
about it. We're only the fourth school in the state to take advantage of the
guarantee."

To help ensure that the school would be able to find a lender, the two-story
building also was designed so that it easily could be converted to office use,
if necessary.

"Banks were shy of lending money to a charter school, for a school building,"
Rivera explained. "They don't know if we're going to be around for a long time.
It makes them feel better that if something happens and we couldn't make good on
the loan, they would have a valuable property that could easily be refurbished
and made into offices."

The new building, which is scheduled to open at the beginning of September, will
nearly double the school's current 8,000-square feet of space.

"We'll have more than 14,000-square feet and we'll also have a field, a real
field," said Nolan. "We've never had our own field. Right now, all we have is a
blacktop parking lot."

The additional size, however, will not mean that the school will greatly expand
from its current level of 169 students. Its charter mandates a maximum of 180
students.

But even if the school could significantly increase enrollment, the Orange
community preferred the current size, Nolan said.

"Being a small school, in small spaces has brought us closer together, I think,"
said Nolan. "It's given us a real spirit, a sense that we can make do."

Still, the principal said, the new building will offer the school an opportunity
to expand physically and educationally.

"We are all very excited about this," he said. "We will have a place to call our
own and have a real identity. People will know that we are really here."

For fifth-grade teacher Sarah Laish, the building means more than just extra
classroom space.

"We've all been waiting for this for a long time," Laish said. "It means,
finally, we will have our own library."

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: BILL WILLCOX, Chuck Nolan, principal of Orange Charter School,
stands in front of the construction site for the school at 920 Corporate Drive
in Hillsborough. School officials found a mortgage payment would be less than
the amount they currently pay to rent space. The new building, which will nearly
double the school's space, is expected to open in September.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2002 The Durham Herald Co.


                              88 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                   The Original Irregular (Kingfield, Maine)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 24, 2013

Nonprofit seeks funds to takeover Saddleback ski slopes

BYLINE: The Original Irregular staff

LENGTH: 338  words


RANGELEY -- A newly formed nonprofit, Saddleback Foundation Inc., is seeking a
loan guarantee from the United States Department of Agriculture's Community
Facilities Program to cover a $10 million bank loan to assume a portion of
Saddleback Inc.

The USDA application will be discussed at the next public Saddleback Foundation
Inc. board meeting set for 6 p.m. May 3, at the Saddleback Ski Lodge.

With the 10-year anniversary of the Berry family's ownership of the ski resort
coming this fall, it's time to re-evaluate where we are, where we're going and
how to accomplish it better, Faith Berry said.

"The biggest goal of the Berry family is to provide affordable skiing and local
jobs," she said.

The new nonprofit needs the loan to go forward as it assumes governance of the
trails, lifts, lodge, equipment garage and a 723-acre portion of the ski resort
located in Sandy River Plantation. Saddleback Inc. will maintain ownership of
the resort.

The $10 million loan is intended to pay off the existing bank loan, replace the
Rangeley double chairlift with a quad lift and allow some funds for operation,
she said.

Under the USDA program, the bank does not shoulder the risk, so they don't need
to worry about advancing the money. The program provides a 90 percent guarantee
on the loan, she said.

The USDA program is intended to help provide for services and employment within
rural areas.

Although the application process has been intensive and required time to
complete, the USDA decision is expected soon and could start the ski lift
replacement now.

"If we get USDA approval in time, we'll replace it immediately," she said.

Other than the chairlift update, skiers won't see the difference under the new
dual nonprofit operation.

It will be the same big mountain ski experience and the same employees. Some
will work for one nonprofit and some for both, she said.

Condominiums, land and rental operations remain with Saddleback Inc.

The change also allows the foundation to pursue grants and funds to run more
summer programs, she said.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ORI

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2013 The Original Irregular


                              89 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                            October 17, 2010 Sunday

LISC awarded $5MM from Treasury Dept's First Capital Magnet Fund to Help
Revitalize Economically Challenged Communities

LENGTH: 494  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Oct. 17 -- The Local Initiatives Support Corporation (LISC) has been
awarded $5 million from the Treasury Department's first-ever Capital Magnet Fund
(CMF) Awards, a new $80 million federal program focused on creative financing
tools for affordable housing and other community facilities. LISC was one of 23
organizations chosen for grants among 230 applicants seeking support from CMF,
which is administered by Treasury's Community Development Financial Institutions
Fund (CDFI Fund).

LISC will use its $5 million allocation to leverage private loan dollars and
launch its new LISC Neighborhood Revitalization Loan Fund, which is expected to
finance at least $100 million in affordable rental housing in communities with
high housing needs, as well as related economic development and community
facilities, like community health centers and childcare centers. The LISC Fund
will offer predevelopment, construction and acquisition loan products that will
help fill the gaps left by the current lending crunch, as well as innovative
guarantees to attract additional investment capital to Low Income Housing Tax
Credit projects.

"We could not be more excited about this award," noted Michael Rubinger, LISC
president and CEO. "It speaks to the Obama Administration's commitment to local,
comprehensive community revitalization and the CDFI Fund's assertive efforts to
efficiently deploy capital in support of high-impact programs."

LISC's new Fund will focus on the significant housing development challenges
posed by the lingering recession, Rubinger explained. In conjunction with LISC's
tax credit affiliate--National Equity Fund, Inc. (NEF)-it will backstop the cash
flow of hard-hit developers with a liquidity guaranty for some NEF investment
funds and provide expiring use Section 8 guarantees to help preserve critical
properties that might be otherwise lost from the affordable housing stock.

"Over the last two years, we have seen what happens when investor confidence
fades and LIHTC capital dries up," noted Joe Hagan, president and CEO of NEF.
"Much-needed projects stall and die. Quality developers find themselves in
financial turmoil. And communities suffer. "

The impact of the CMF dollars will go far beyond individual projects, noted
Rubinger. "Affordable housing is just one piece of LISC's Building Sustainable
Communities strategy," he said. "We are focused on comprehensive revitalization
plans that incorporate everything from quality schools and recreational
facilities to retail development, jobs programs, community safety efforts and
health care initiatives-all of them happening simultaneously in targeted
communities. CMF is helping us transform blighted neighborhoods into good places
to live, work, do business and raise families." Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to this article or
any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              90 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                           September 13, 2016 Tuesday

Social finance a powerful force for communities;
Clann Credo was founded in 1996 by a Presentation nun, Sr Magdalen Fogarty

BYLINE: Paul O'Sullivan

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 651 words


Twenty years ago a radical new concept began to percolate through Ireland's
community and voluntary sector, one that has challenged conventional thinking
ever since. Like all great ideas it was deceptively simple, and worked by
pressing finance into service as an agent of social justice and social
transformation.

In the two decades since social finance has made the transition from theory to
practice and, in the process, enhanced the lives of thousands of people and
communities across Ireland.

Sr Magdalen Fogarty and the Presentation Order were the first to grasp the
potential of social finance in Ireland. With their support, Clann Credo -
community loan finance - was established in 1996. Since then other religious
congregations have joined Clann Credo as social investors.

Following a 2007 government initiative, the Social Finance Foundation was
established, funded by the retail banks. Clann Credo is now the leading provider
of social finance in Ireland.

On Thursday, President Michael D Higgins will deliver the keynote address at our
20th-anniversary conference. Given his long-standing commitment to community
development and social inclusion, the President's presence as we mark two
decades of growth is fitting.

Beyond profit

Social finance demands far more from investments than a simple profit. It
requires investments that deliver a genuine social and community benefit, along
with a financial return. In other words, it requires both a financial and a
social dividend.

In short, social finance has the potential to fundamentally reshape the standard
model of economic development and the wider role of finance.

Over the past two decades Clann Credo has invested more than EUR 82 million in
some 800 local initiatives, covering all aspects of community life all over the
country,

With 20 years of experience at the coalface, its regionally-based staff offer
invaluable experience for any community group with ambition for progress and
development. Community volunteers can tap into a network of similar groups
nationwide and avail of critical advice and support.

Such groups often experience severe difficulty seeking finance from conventional
sources, and are frequently faced with demands for personal guarantees. In
contrast, Clann Credo does not require personal guarantees on its low-interest
loans.

The organisation has also pioneered innovative new concepts, such as social
impact investment, where preventative social services are financed by private
investors, with financial return conditional on successful, measurable social
outcomes.

Addressing deficits

Social finance plays a critical role in our community development, addressing
major deficits in existing services or social infrastructure. It helps local
leaders grow and develop projects across a range of sectors - local facilities,
transport, recycling, tourism, catering, caring, the arts and in the wider green
economy.

Clann Credo has supported projects that deliver key services (childcare, elder
care) or that fill obvious gaps in social infrastructure, such as community
halls, sports centres and other centres of local life.

A key focus of its work is in supporting and nurturing community and voluntary
activity. In every one of these often marginalised communities we find local
heroes whose only goal is to improve the lives of those around them.

Community and voluntary groups, sports clubs and charities face many challenges,
but Clann Credo ensures that accessing community loan finance is not one of
them. It can now provide community loan finance to any community development
group in the country.

Later this week will see the national launch of its Community Impact Loan
Scheme, a specialist EUR 50 million fund targeted at assisting the creation of
local jobs, services and facilities. Clann Credo is building from the ground up,
step by patient step. Paul O'Sullivan is chief executive of Clann Credo

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              91 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                             October 7, 2011 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

In your community

BYLINE:

SECTION: LOCAL & BUSINESS; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 678 words


JUpitER

Council to finalize loan guarantee

The town council plans to meet at 3 p.m. today with representatives of New
Zealand-based Endeavour Strategic Investments to finalize a $300,000 loan
guarantee to the firm. The council agreed Tuesday to guarantee the loan on the
condition that the firm open an office in Jupiter. The $300,000 comes from a $3
million fund approved by the town in 2006 to attract biotech businesses to north
county. The town has used about $2.5 million for direct loans, education grants
and loan guarantees to businesses that have moved to Jupiter and Palm Beach
County. If ESI does not pay its bank loan, Jupiter must repay the money.

-- Bill DiPaolo

LAKE PARK

Capital improvements update

The town commission voted 3-2 Wednesday night to approve an ordinance amending
and updating the capital improvements element of the town's comprehensive plan.
Mayor James DuBois, Vice Mayor Kendall Rumsey and Commissioner Tim Stevens voted
for the measure, while Commissioners Jeanine Longtin and Steve Hockman were
opposed. The commission also set Nov. 18 as the date for the town's annual
volunteer dinner and discussed two proposed budgets for the 2012 Fourth of July
fireworks festival.

-- Jodie Wagner

PALM BEACH GARDENS

Parking garage to host free movies

Free outdoor movies are scheduled on the third level of the Legacy Place parking
garage starting Oct. 15. "Cinema Under the Stars" will feature monthly shows at
7 p.m. on a 20-foot screen. The next movies are scheduled for Nov. 19 and Dec.
17. Those attending should bring lawn chairs and blankets. The Legacy Place
parking garage is at 11290 Legacy Ave.

-- Bill DiPaolo

west palm beach

Sons of man hit by bus file suit

The adult sons of a 69-year-old Jupiter man who was killed when he was run over
by a school bus in October 2009 are suing the Palm Beach County School Board and
the bus driver, claiming they were negligent. The sons of Jerry Licklider are
seeking an unspecified amount in damages in the lawsuit filed Wednesday in Palm
Beach County Circuit Court. Licklider was at the corner of Tequesta Drive and
Seabrook Road when he walked into the path of a bus driven by Dorothy Kiekenapp,
police said. Kiekenapp now works as a bus monitor, according to a school
district spokesman.

-- Jane Musgrave

boynton beach

Man charged in home invasion

A 22-year-old Boynton Beach man is accused of breaking into a home and beating
up the resident after demanding money. Rodney Joubert was arrested Wednesday on
two counts of robbery home invasion with a weapon. According to a probable cause
affidavit, a witness told police that Joubert attacked Innocent Telo, 42, at a
home on Southwest First Street. The witness said Joubert demanded money and
Telo's wallet.

-- Alexandra Seltzer

lake worth

Learn how to save with coupons

Using coupons to save money on food will be the subject of a consumer workshop
set for Saturday morning. The free workshop, hosted by the Lake Worth Public
Library, is scheduled for 9 a.m. in the meeting room of the City Hall Annex at
414 Lake Ave. The library plans to host coupon workshops the second Saturday of
each month and plans a coupon exchange. Other topics to be covered include
money-saving recipes, proper storage of leftovers and other ways to stretch a
family food budget. For more information, call (561) 533-7354.

-- Willie Howard

Play Scrabble at city hall Saturday

Scrabble players of all skill levels are invited to a Scrabble fest Saturday.
Hosted by the Lake Worth Public Library, the free event is scheduled for 12:30
to 4:30 p.m. in the meeting room of City Hall Annex, east of the library at 414
Lake Ave. An expert will explain the rules and help beginners. The library plans
to hold Scrabble games on the second Saturday of each month. For additional
information, call (561) 533-7354.

-- Willie Howard

GREENACRES

Woman accused of assault

A 22-year-old Greenacres woman was arrested early Thursday after she allegedly
tried to strangle her boyfriend while he was sleeping, police say. Stephanie
DeJesus and Joseph Mendoza told police that they had argued.

-- Alexandra Seltzer

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Community briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              92 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 30, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 270  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact  Kenneth Kuchno
Director
Phone: 202.690.4673

Purpose

The Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program (Broadband Program)
furnishes loans and loan guarantees to provide funds for the costs of
construction, improvement, or acquisition of facilities and equipment needed to
provide service at the broadband lending speed in eligible rural areas.

The goal of the Broadband Program is to ensure that rural consumers enjoy the
same quality and range of services that are available in urban and suburban
communities. This program aims to lend to entities capable of repaying its loans
and that plan to offer service at a level that keeps pace with technology
upgrades while meeting the demands of customers in rural America.
Eligibility  Eligible entities may be either a nonprofit or for-profit
organization, and must take one of the following forms:

Corporation
    Limited liability company (LLC)
    Cooperative or mutual organization
    Indian tribe or tribal organization
    State or local government, including any agency, subdivision or
instrumentality thereof

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding  Available funds: $735,000,000
Application
process  Application guidance and required forms are available on the program
website.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Technology, Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              93 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 27, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 270  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact  Kenneth Kuchno
Director
Phone: 202.690.4673

Purpose

The Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program (Broadband Program)
furnishes loans and loan guarantees to provide funds for the costs of
construction, improvement, or acquisition of facilities and equipment needed to
provide service at the broadband lending speed in eligible rural areas.

The goal of the Broadband Program is to ensure that rural consumers enjoy the
same quality and range of services that are available in urban and suburban
communities. This program aims to lend to entities capable of repaying its loans
and that plan to offer service at a level that keeps pace with technology
upgrades while meeting the demands of customers in rural America.
Eligibility  Eligible entities may be either a nonprofit or for-profit
organization, and must take one of the following forms:

Corporation
    Limited liability company (LLC)
    Cooperative or mutual organization
    Indian tribe or tribal organization
    State or local government, including any agency, subdivision or
instrumentality thereof

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding  Available funds: $735,000,000
Application
process  Application guidance and required forms are available on the program
website.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Technology, Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 25, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 270  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact  Kenneth Kuchno
Director
Phone: 202.690.4673

Purpose

The Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program (Broadband Program)
furnishes loans and loan guarantees to provide funds for the costs of
construction, improvement, or acquisition of facilities and equipment needed to
provide service at the broadband lending speed in eligible rural areas.

The goal of the Broadband Program is to ensure that rural consumers enjoy the
same quality and range of services that are available in urban and suburban
communities. This program aims to lend to entities capable of repaying its loans
and that plan to offer service at a level that keeps pace with technology
upgrades while meeting the demands of customers in rural America.
Eligibility  Eligible entities may be either a nonprofit or for-profit
organization, and must take one of the following forms:

Corporation
    Limited liability company (LLC)
    Cooperative or mutual organization
    Indian tribe or tribal organization
    State or local government, including any agency, subdivision or
instrumentality thereof

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding  Available funds: $735,000,000
Application
process  Application guidance and required forms are available on the program
website.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Technology, Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 23, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 270  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact  Kenneth Kuchno
Director
Phone: 202.690.4673

Purpose

The Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program (Broadband Program)
furnishes loans and loan guarantees to provide funds for the costs of
construction, improvement, or acquisition of facilities and equipment needed to
provide service at the broadband lending speed in eligible rural areas.

The goal of the Broadband Program is to ensure that rural consumers enjoy the
same quality and range of services that are available in urban and suburban
communities. This program aims to lend to entities capable of repaying its loans
and that plan to offer service at a level that keeps pace with technology
upgrades while meeting the demands of customers in rural America.
Eligibility  Eligible entities may be either a nonprofit or for-profit
organization, and must take one of the following forms:

Corporation
    Limited liability company (LLC)
    Cooperative or mutual organization
    Indian tribe or tribal organization
    State or local government, including any agency, subdivision or
instrumentality thereof

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding  Available funds: $735,000,000
Application
process  Application guidance and required forms are available on the program
website.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Technology, Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 4, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 270  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact  Kenneth Kuchno
Director
Phone: 202.690.4673

Purpose

The Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program (Broadband Program)
furnishes loans and loan guarantees to provide funds for the costs of
construction, improvement, or acquisition of facilities and equipment needed to
provide service at the broadband lending speed in eligible rural areas.

The goal of the Broadband Program is to ensure that rural consumers enjoy the
same quality and range of services that are available in urban and suburban
communities. This program aims to lend to entities capable of repaying its loans
and that plan to offer service at a level that keeps pace with technology
upgrades while meeting the demands of customers in rural America.
Eligibility  Eligible entities may be either a nonprofit or for-profit
organization, and must take one of the following forms:

Corporation
    Limited liability company (LLC)
    Cooperative or mutual organization
    Indian tribe or tribal organization
    State or local government, including any agency, subdivision or
instrumentality thereof

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding  Available funds: $735,000,000
Application
process  Application guidance and required forms are available on the program
website.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Technology, Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              97 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 7, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 270 words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact  Kenneth Kuchno
Director
Phone: 202.690.4673

Purpose

The Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program (Broadband Program)
furnishes loans and loan guarantees to provide funds for the costs of
construction, improvement, or acquisition of facilities and equipment needed to
provide service at the broadband lending speed in eligible rural areas.

The goal of the Broadband Program is to ensure that rural consumers enjoy the
same quality and range of services that are available in urban and suburban
communities. This program aims to lend to entities capable of repaying its loans
and that plan to offer service at a level that keeps pace with technology
upgrades while meeting the demands of customers in rural America.
Eligibility  Eligible entities may be either a nonprofit or for-profit
organization, and must take one of the following forms:

Corporation
    Limited liability company (LLC)
    Cooperative or mutual organization
    Indian tribe or tribal organization
    State or local government, including any agency, subdivision or
instrumentality thereof

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding  Available funds: $735,000,000
Application
process  Application guidance and required forms are available on the program
website.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Technology, Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                              May 24, 2013 Friday

Des Plaines banquet hall owner objected to tent near his home

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 706 words


"I kill my competition. That's my job."

That was Tom Diamond, the owner of Fountain Blue banquet facility in Des
Plaines, six years ago defending his opposition to Concorde Banquets in Kildeer
putting up a permanent outdoor tent for weddings and parties near his home.

Ironically, now it's Diamond seeking, and receiving, approval for an outdoor
tent against the wishes of neighbors. The Des Plaines council voted 5-3 this
week to allow the 6,000-square-foot tent, just west of the 120,000-square-foot
Fountain Blue banquet hall at 2300 Mannheim Road, to operate for another 18
months.

The approval is contingent upon Diamond fulfilling 20 conditions, including
erecting a 12-foot sound retention wall on two sides of the tent within 120
days.

Neighbors have complained 12 times to police about excessive noise from the
tent, initially put up in 2010. The facility has been cited five times for
disturbing the peace. Bill and Sandra Dillon, whose Pine Street property sits
behind Fountain Blue, called Diamond out on his earlier comments in Kildeer as
hypocritical and self-serving.

Diamond at the time cited noise and the effect on residential property values as
reasons the Kildeer tent was "unfair to residents," according meeting minutes.

"He was fully aware of the impact it could have on neighbors," Bill Dillon said
at the Des Plaines meeting this week. "Why should Tom Diamond be given a
conditional use permit to operate a tent 380 feet from Des Plaines residents,
when he objected to a tent 865 feet from his home for the very same reasons that
the Des Plaines residents are objecting to his request?"

-- Madhu Krishnamurthy,

mkrishnamurthy@ dailyherald.com

"Micro" economics: A longtime Schaumburg resident, still relatively new to
having to pay a municipal property tax, felt his hackles rise when his April
water bill included an announcement that the village was making forgivable loans
of up to $10,000 to small business owners.

How could the village justify a property tax when it apparently has money to
give away without guarantee of repayment, he wondered.

But Community Planner Marisa Warneke explained that the new microenterprise loan
program is funded through a federal Community Development Block Grant, not by
village taxpayers.

Having received the money as a grant, the village could also award it as a
grant. Instead, the village chose a program offering forgivable loans, allowing
for the recapture of some if not most of the money, Warneke said.

From start to finish, the intention of the federal money is economic
development. And businesses who accept a loan must guarantee the creation of at
least one full-time job.

The loans for business startups or expansions can be used for advertising,
leasing or purchase of property, or acquisition of inventory, equipment or
software.

For more, contact Warneke at (847) 923-3851 or mwarneke@ci.schaumburg.il.us

-- Eric Peterson, epeterson@dailyherald.com

From paint to parties?: The Bartlett village board heard a proposal Tuesday for
a new banquet hall that would in an old Benjamin Moore store.

Nico Scardino said he would like to open Labella Banquets at 810 S. Route 59 in
the Bartlett Commons Shopping Center.

Like other banquet halls, the facility will be used for family parities, dinner
rehearsals, baptisms or business meetings, he said. But there will be no kitchen
and all food for the events must be catered by outside restaurants.

"If you go to a normal banquet hall you're stuck with their food," he said.
"This is going be a facility that they're just renting the space, and it would
allow them to, with any restaurant they want to, cater in."

Scardino is proposing a 144-seat facility that could be divided into two rooms
and open from 8 a.m. to midnight, Monday through Thursday, and 8 a.m. to 2 a.m.,
Friday through Saturday. He would also like to obtain a permit for live
entertainment so patrons can have bands or DJs at their events.

Trustee T.L. Arends said she had some concerns about how close the facility is
to residential areas if live music is allowed.

"That's a good point, because one of the neighbors has already contacted us,
wanting to know what's going on," said community development director Jim
Plonczynski.

-- Jessica Cilella, jcilella@dailyherald.com

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              99 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 1, 2014 Saturday

Utah: Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 270  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Kenneth Kuchno
Director
Phone: 202.690.4673
Purpose

The Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program (Broadband Program)
furnishes loans and loan guarantees to provide funds for the costs of
construction, improvement, or acquisition of facilities and equipment needed to
provide service at the broadband lending speed in eligible rural areas.

The goal of the Broadband Program is to ensure that rural consumers enjoy the
same quality and range of services that are available in urban and suburban
communities. This program aims to lend to entities capable of repaying its loans
and that plan to offer service at a level that keeps pace with technology
upgrades while meeting the demands of customers in rural America.
Eligibility

Eligible entities may be either a nonprofit or for-profit organization, and must
take one of the following forms:

Corporation
    Limited liability company (LLC)
    Cooperative or mutual organization
    Indian tribe or tribal organization
    State or local government, including any agency, subdivision or
instrumentality thereof

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Available funds: $735,000,000
Application
process

Application guidance and required forms are available on the program website.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Technology, Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              100 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 25, 2014 Tuesday

Utah: Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 270  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Kenneth Kuchno
Director
Phone: 202.690.4673
Purpose

The Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program (Broadband Program)
furnishes loans and loan guarantees to provide funds for the costs of
construction, improvement, or acquisition of facilities and equipment needed to
provide service at the broadband lending speed in eligible rural areas.

The goal of the Broadband Program is to ensure that rural consumers enjoy the
same quality and range of services that are available in urban and suburban
communities. This program aims to lend to entities capable of repaying its loans
and that plan to offer service at a level that keeps pace with technology
upgrades while meeting the demands of customers in rural America.
Eligibility

Eligible entities may be either a nonprofit or for-profit organization, and must
take one of the following forms:

Corporation
    Limited liability company (LLC)
    Cooperative or mutual organization
    Indian tribe or tribal organization
    State or local government, including any agency, subdivision or
instrumentality thereof

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Available funds: $735,000,000
Application
process

Application guidance and required forms are available on the program website.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Technology, Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              101 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 3, 2014 Friday

Utah: Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 270  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Kenneth Kuchno
Director
Phone: 202.690.4673
Purpose

The Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program (Broadband Program)
furnishes loans and loan guarantees to provide funds for the costs of
construction, improvement, or acquisition of facilities and equipment needed to
provide service at the broadband lending speed in eligible rural areas.

The goal of the Broadband Program is to ensure that rural consumers enjoy the
same quality and range of services that are available in urban and suburban
communities. This program aims to lend to entities capable of repaying its loans
and that plan to offer service at a level that keeps pace with technology
upgrades while meeting the demands of customers in rural America.
Eligibility

Eligible entities may be either a nonprofit or for-profit organization, and must
take one of the following forms:

Corporation
    Limited liability company (LLC)
    Cooperative or mutual organization
    Indian tribe or tribal organization
    State or local government, including any agency, subdivision or
instrumentality thereof

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Available funds: $735,000,000
Application
process

Application guidance and required forms are available on the program website.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Technology, Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              102 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 3, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 270  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Kenneth Kuchno
Director
Phone: 202.690.4673
Purpose

The Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program (Broadband Program)
furnishes loans and loan guarantees to provide funds for the costs of
construction, improvement, or acquisition of facilities and equipment needed to
provide service at the broadband lending speed in eligible rural areas.

The goal of the Broadband Program is to ensure that rural consumers enjoy the
same quality and range of services that are available in urban and suburban
communities. This program aims to lend to entities capable of repaying its loans
and that plan to offer service at a level that keeps pace with technology
upgrades while meeting the demands of customers in rural America.
Eligibility

Eligible entities may be either a nonprofit or for-profit organization, and must
take one of the following forms:

Corporation
    Limited liability company (LLC)
    Cooperative or mutual organization
    Indian tribe or tribal organization
    State or local government, including any agency, subdivision or
instrumentality thereof

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Available funds: $735,000,000
Application
process

Application guidance and required forms are available on the program website.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Technology, Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              103 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 24, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 270  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Kenneth Kuchno
Director
Phone: 202.690.4673
Purpose

The Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program (Broadband Program)
furnishes loans and loan guarantees to provide funds for the costs of
construction, improvement, or acquisition of facilities and equipment needed to
provide service at the broadband lending speed in eligible rural areas.

The goal of the Broadband Program is to ensure that rural consumers enjoy the
same quality and range of services that are available in urban and suburban
communities. This program aims to lend to entities capable of repaying its loans
and that plan to offer service at a level that keeps pace with technology
upgrades while meeting the demands of customers in rural America.
Eligibility

Eligible entities may be either a nonprofit or for-profit organization, and must
take one of the following forms:

Corporation
    Limited liability company (LLC)
    Cooperative or mutual organization
    Indian tribe or tribal organization
    State or local government, including any agency, subdivision or
instrumentality thereof

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Available funds: $735,000,000
Application
process

Application guidance and required forms are available on the program website.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Technology, Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              104 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 14, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 270  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Kenneth Kuchno
Director
Phone: 202.690.4673
Purpose

The Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program (Broadband Program)
furnishes loans and loan guarantees to provide funds for the costs of
construction, improvement, or acquisition of facilities and equipment needed to
provide service at the broadband lending speed in eligible rural areas.

The goal of the Broadband Program is to ensure that rural consumers enjoy the
same quality and range of services that are available in urban and suburban
communities. This program aims to lend to entities capable of repaying its loans
and that plan to offer service at a level that keeps pace with technology
upgrades while meeting the demands of customers in rural America.
Eligibility

Eligible entities may be either a nonprofit or for-profit organization, and must
take one of the following forms:

Corporation
    Limited liability company (LLC)
    Cooperative or mutual organization
    Indian tribe or tribal organization
    State or local government, including any agency, subdivision or
instrumentality thereof

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Available funds: $735,000,000
Application
process

Application guidance and required forms are available on the program website.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Technology, Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              105 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 12, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 270  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Kenneth Kuchno
Director
Phone: 202.690.4673
Purpose

The Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program (Broadband Program)
furnishes loans and loan guarantees to provide funds for the costs of
construction, improvement, or acquisition of facilities and equipment needed to
provide service at the broadband lending speed in eligible rural areas.

The goal of the Broadband Program is to ensure that rural consumers enjoy the
same quality and range of services that are available in urban and suburban
communities. This program aims to lend to entities capable of repaying its loans
and that plan to offer service at a level that keeps pace with technology
upgrades while meeting the demands of customers in rural America.
Eligibility

Eligible entities may be either a nonprofit or for-profit organization, and must
take one of the following forms:

Corporation
    Limited liability company (LLC)
    Cooperative or mutual organization
    Indian tribe or tribal organization
    State or local government, including any agency, subdivision or
instrumentality thereof

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Available funds: $735,000,000
Application
process

Application guidance and required forms are available on the program website.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Technology, Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              106 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 10, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 270  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Kenneth Kuchno
Director
Phone: 202.690.4673
Purpose

The Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program (Broadband Program)
furnishes loans and loan guarantees to provide funds for the costs of
construction, improvement, or acquisition of facilities and equipment needed to
provide service at the broadband lending speed in eligible rural areas.

The goal of the Broadband Program is to ensure that rural consumers enjoy the
same quality and range of services that are available in urban and suburban
communities. This program aims to lend to entities capable of repaying its loans
and that plan to offer service at a level that keeps pace with technology
upgrades while meeting the demands of customers in rural America.
Eligibility

Eligible entities may be either a nonprofit or for-profit organization, and must
take one of the following forms:

Corporation
    Limited liability company (LLC)
    Cooperative or mutual organization
    Indian tribe or tribal organization
    State or local government, including any agency, subdivision or
instrumentality thereof

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Available funds: $735,000,000
Application
process

Application guidance and required forms are available on the program website.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Technology, Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              107 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 7, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 270  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Kenneth Kuchno
Director
Phone: 202.690.4673
Purpose

The Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program (Broadband Program)
furnishes loans and loan guarantees to provide funds for the costs of
construction, improvement, or acquisition of facilities and equipment needed to
provide service at the broadband lending speed in eligible rural areas.

The goal of the Broadband Program is to ensure that rural consumers enjoy the
same quality and range of services that are available in urban and suburban
communities. This program aims to lend to entities capable of repaying its loans
and that plan to offer service at a level that keeps pace with technology
upgrades while meeting the demands of customers in rural America.
Eligibility

Eligible entities may be either a nonprofit or for-profit organization, and must
take one of the following forms:

Corporation
    Limited liability company (LLC)
    Cooperative or mutual organization
    Indian tribe or tribal organization
    State or local government, including any agency, subdivision or
instrumentality thereof

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Available funds: $735,000,000
Application
process

Application guidance and required forms are available on the program website.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Technology, Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              108 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 5, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 270  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Kenneth Kuchno
Director
Phone: 202.690.4673
Purpose

The Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program (Broadband Program)
furnishes loans and loan guarantees to provide funds for the costs of
construction, improvement, or acquisition of facilities and equipment needed to
provide service at the broadband lending speed in eligible rural areas.

The goal of the Broadband Program is to ensure that rural consumers enjoy the
same quality and range of services that are available in urban and suburban
communities. This program aims to lend to entities capable of repaying its loans
and that plan to offer service at a level that keeps pace with technology
upgrades while meeting the demands of customers in rural America.
Eligibility

Eligible entities may be either a nonprofit or for-profit organization, and must
take one of the following forms:

Corporation
    Limited liability company (LLC)
    Cooperative or mutual organization
    Indian tribe or tribal organization
    State or local government, including any agency, subdivision or
instrumentality thereof

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Available funds: $735,000,000
Application
process

Application guidance and required forms are available on the program website.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Technology, Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              109 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 3, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 270  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Kenneth Kuchno
Director
Phone: 202.690.4673
Purpose

The Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program (Broadband Program)
furnishes loans and loan guarantees to provide funds for the costs of
construction, improvement, or acquisition of facilities and equipment needed to
provide service at the broadband lending speed in eligible rural areas.

The goal of the Broadband Program is to ensure that rural consumers enjoy the
same quality and range of services that are available in urban and suburban
communities. This program aims to lend to entities capable of repaying its loans
and that plan to offer service at a level that keeps pace with technology
upgrades while meeting the demands of customers in rural America.
Eligibility

Eligible entities may be either a nonprofit or for-profit organization, and must
take one of the following forms:

Corporation
    Limited liability company (LLC)
    Cooperative or mutual organization
    Indian tribe or tribal organization
    State or local government, including any agency, subdivision or
instrumentality thereof

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Available funds: $735,000,000
Application
process

Application guidance and required forms are available on the program website.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Technology, Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              110 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 31, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 270  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Kenneth Kuchno
Director
Phone: 202.690.4673
Purpose

The Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program (Broadband Program)
furnishes loans and loan guarantees to provide funds for the costs of
construction, improvement, or acquisition of facilities and equipment needed to
provide service at the broadband lending speed in eligible rural areas.

The goal of the Broadband Program is to ensure that rural consumers enjoy the
same quality and range of services that are available in urban and suburban
communities. This program aims to lend to entities capable of repaying its loans
and that plan to offer service at a level that keeps pace with technology
upgrades while meeting the demands of customers in rural America.
Eligibility

Eligible entities may be either a nonprofit or for-profit organization, and must
take one of the following forms:

Corporation
    Limited liability company (LLC)
    Cooperative or mutual organization
    Indian tribe or tribal organization
    State or local government, including any agency, subdivision or
instrumentality thereof

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Available funds: $735,000,000
Application
process

Application guidance and required forms are available on the program website.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Technology, Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              111 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 30, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 270  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Kenneth Kuchno
Director
Phone: 202.690.4673
Purpose

The Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program (Broadband Program)
furnishes loans and loan guarantees to provide funds for the costs of
construction, improvement, or acquisition of facilities and equipment needed to
provide service at the broadband lending speed in eligible rural areas.

The goal of the Broadband Program is to ensure that rural consumers enjoy the
same quality and range of services that are available in urban and suburban
communities. This program aims to lend to entities capable of repaying its loans
and that plan to offer service at a level that keeps pace with technology
upgrades while meeting the demands of customers in rural America.
Eligibility

Eligible entities may be either a nonprofit or for-profit organization, and must
take one of the following forms:

Corporation
    Limited liability company (LLC)
    Cooperative or mutual organization
    Indian tribe or tribal organization
    State or local government, including any agency, subdivision or
instrumentality thereof

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Available funds: $735,000,000
Application
process

Application guidance and required forms are available on the program website.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Technology, Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              112 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 29, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 270  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Kenneth Kuchno
Director
Phone: 202.690.4673
Purpose

The Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program (Broadband Program)
furnishes loans and loan guarantees to provide funds for the costs of
construction, improvement, or acquisition of facilities and equipment needed to
provide service at the broadband lending speed in eligible rural areas.

The goal of the Broadband Program is to ensure that rural consumers enjoy the
same quality and range of services that are available in urban and suburban
communities. This program aims to lend to entities capable of repaying its loans
and that plan to offer service at a level that keeps pace with technology
upgrades while meeting the demands of customers in rural America.
Eligibility

Eligible entities may be either a nonprofit or for-profit organization, and must
take one of the following forms:

Corporation
    Limited liability company (LLC)
    Cooperative or mutual organization
    Indian tribe or tribal organization
    State or local government, including any agency, subdivision or
instrumentality thereof

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Available funds: $735,000,000
Application
process

Application guidance and required forms are available on the program website.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Technology, Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              113 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 28, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 270  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Kenneth Kuchno
Director
Phone: 202.690.4673
Purpose

The Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program (Broadband Program)
furnishes loans and loan guarantees to provide funds for the costs of
construction, improvement, or acquisition of facilities and equipment needed to
provide service at the broadband lending speed in eligible rural areas.

The goal of the Broadband Program is to ensure that rural consumers enjoy the
same quality and range of services that are available in urban and suburban
communities. This program aims to lend to entities capable of repaying its loans
and that plan to offer service at a level that keeps pace with technology
upgrades while meeting the demands of customers in rural America.
Eligibility

Eligible entities may be either a nonprofit or for-profit organization, and must
take one of the following forms:

Corporation
    Limited liability company (LLC)
    Cooperative or mutual organization
    Indian tribe or tribal organization
    State or local government, including any agency, subdivision or
instrumentality thereof

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Available funds: $735,000,000
Application
process

Application guidance and required forms are available on the program website.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Technology, Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              114 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 27, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 270  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Kenneth Kuchno
Director
Phone: 202.690.4673
Purpose

The Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program (Broadband Program)
furnishes loans and loan guarantees to provide funds for the costs of
construction, improvement, or acquisition of facilities and equipment needed to
provide service at the broadband lending speed in eligible rural areas.

The goal of the Broadband Program is to ensure that rural consumers enjoy the
same quality and range of services that are available in urban and suburban
communities. This program aims to lend to entities capable of repaying its loans
and that plan to offer service at a level that keeps pace with technology
upgrades while meeting the demands of customers in rural America.
Eligibility

Eligible entities may be either a nonprofit or for-profit organization, and must
take one of the following forms:

Corporation
    Limited liability company (LLC)
    Cooperative or mutual organization
    Indian tribe or tribal organization
    State or local government, including any agency, subdivision or
instrumentality thereof

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Available funds: $735,000,000
Application
process

Application guidance and required forms are available on the program website.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Technology, Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              115 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 26, 2013 Monday

Utah: Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 270  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Kenneth Kuchno
Director
Phone: 202.690.4673
Purpose

The Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program (Broadband Program)
furnishes loans and loan guarantees to provide funds for the costs of
construction, improvement, or acquisition of facilities and equipment needed to
provide service at the broadband lending speed in eligible rural areas.

The goal of the Broadband Program is to ensure that rural consumers enjoy the
same quality and range of services that are available in urban and suburban
communities. This program aims to lend to entities capable of repaying its loans
and that plan to offer service at a level that keeps pace with technology
upgrades while meeting the demands of customers in rural America.
Eligibility

Eligible entities may be either a nonprofit or for-profit organization, and must
take one of the following forms:

Corporation
    Limited liability company (LLC)
    Cooperative or mutual organization
    Indian tribe or tribal organization
    State or local government, including any agency, subdivision or
instrumentality thereof

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Available funds: $735,000,000
Application
process

Application guidance and required forms are available on the program website.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Technology, Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              116 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 24, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 270  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Kenneth Kuchno
Director
Phone: 202.690.4673
Purpose

The Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program (Broadband Program)
furnishes loans and loan guarantees to provide funds for the costs of
construction, improvement, or acquisition of facilities and equipment needed to
provide service at the broadband lending speed in eligible rural areas.

The goal of the Broadband Program is to ensure that rural consumers enjoy the
same quality and range of services that are available in urban and suburban
communities. This program aims to lend to entities capable of repaying its loans
and that plan to offer service at a level that keeps pace with technology
upgrades while meeting the demands of customers in rural America.
Eligibility

Eligible entities may be either a nonprofit or for-profit organization, and must
take one of the following forms:

Corporation
    Limited liability company (LLC)
    Cooperative or mutual organization
    Indian tribe or tribal organization
    State or local government, including any agency, subdivision or
instrumentality thereof

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Available funds: $735,000,000
Application
process

Application guidance and required forms are available on the program website.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Technology, Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              117 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 23, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 270  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Kenneth Kuchno
Director
Phone: 202.690.4673
Purpose

The Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program (Broadband Program)
furnishes loans and loan guarantees to provide funds for the costs of
construction, improvement, or acquisition of facilities and equipment needed to
provide service at the broadband lending speed in eligible rural areas.

The goal of the Broadband Program is to ensure that rural consumers enjoy the
same quality and range of services that are available in urban and suburban
communities. This program aims to lend to entities capable of repaying its loans
and that plan to offer service at a level that keeps pace with technology
upgrades while meeting the demands of customers in rural America.
Eligibility

Eligible entities may be either a nonprofit or for-profit organization, and must
take one of the following forms:

Corporation
    Limited liability company (LLC)
    Cooperative or mutual organization
    Indian tribe or tribal organization
    State or local government, including any agency, subdivision or
instrumentality thereof

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Available funds: $735,000,000
Application
process

Application guidance and required forms are available on the program website.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Technology, Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              118 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 22, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 270  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Kenneth Kuchno
Director
Phone: 202.690.4673
Purpose

The Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program (Broadband Program)
furnishes loans and loan guarantees to provide funds for the costs of
construction, improvement, or acquisition of facilities and equipment needed to
provide service at the broadband lending speed in eligible rural areas.

The goal of the Broadband Program is to ensure that rural consumers enjoy the
same quality and range of services that are available in urban and suburban
communities. This program aims to lend to entities capable of repaying its loans
and that plan to offer service at a level that keeps pace with technology
upgrades while meeting the demands of customers in rural America.
Eligibility

Eligible entities may be either a nonprofit or for-profit organization, and must
take one of the following forms:

Corporation
    Limited liability company (LLC)
    Cooperative or mutual organization
    Indian tribe or tribal organization
    State or local government, including any agency, subdivision or
instrumentality thereof

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Available funds: $735,000,000
Application
process

Application guidance and required forms are available on the program website.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Technology, Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              119 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 21, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 270  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Kenneth Kuchno
Director
Phone: 202.690.4673
Purpose

The Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program (Broadband Program)
furnishes loans and loan guarantees to provide funds for the costs of
construction, improvement, or acquisition of facilities and equipment needed to
provide service at the broadband lending speed in eligible rural areas.

The goal of the Broadband Program is to ensure that rural consumers enjoy the
same quality and range of services that are available in urban and suburban
communities. This program aims to lend to entities capable of repaying its loans
and that plan to offer service at a level that keeps pace with technology
upgrades while meeting the demands of customers in rural America.
Eligibility

Eligible entities may be either a nonprofit or for-profit organization, and must
take one of the following forms:

Corporation
    Limited liability company (LLC)
    Cooperative or mutual organization
    Indian tribe or tribal organization
    State or local government, including any agency, subdivision or
instrumentality thereof

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Available funds: $735,000,000
Application
process

Application guidance and required forms are available on the program website.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Technology, Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              120 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 16, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 270  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Kenneth Kuchno
Director
Phone: 202.690.4673
Purpose

The Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program (Broadband Program)
furnishes loans and loan guarantees to provide funds for the costs of
construction, improvement, or acquisition of facilities and equipment needed to
provide service at the broadband lending speed in eligible rural areas.

The goal of the Broadband Program is to ensure that rural consumers enjoy the
same quality and range of services that are available in urban and suburban
communities. This program aims to lend to entities capable of repaying its loans
and that plan to offer service at a level that keeps pace with technology
upgrades while meeting the demands of customers in rural America.
Eligibility

Eligible entities may be either a nonprofit or for-profit organization, and must
take one of the following forms:

Corporation
    Limited liability company (LLC)
    Cooperative or mutual organization
    Indian tribe or tribal organization
    State or local government, including any agency, subdivision or
instrumentality thereof

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Available funds: $735,000,000
Application
process

Application guidance and required forms are available on the program website.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Technology, Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              121 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 14, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 270  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Kenneth Kuchno
Director
Phone: 202.690.4673
Purpose

The Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program (Broadband Program)
furnishes loans and loan guarantees to provide funds for the costs of
construction, improvement, or acquisition of facilities and equipment needed to
provide service at the broadband lending speed in eligible rural areas.

The goal of the Broadband Program is to ensure that rural consumers enjoy the
same quality and range of services that are available in urban and suburban
communities. This program aims to lend to entities capable of repaying its loans
and that plan to offer service at a level that keeps pace with technology
upgrades while meeting the demands of customers in rural America.
Eligibility

Eligible entities may be either a nonprofit or for-profit organization, and must
take one of the following forms:

Corporation
    Limited liability company (LLC)
    Cooperative or mutual organization
    Indian tribe or tribal organization
    State or local government, including any agency, subdivision or
instrumentality thereof

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Available funds: $735,000,000
Application
process

Application guidance and required forms are available on the program website.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Technology, Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              122 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 13, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 270  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Kenneth Kuchno
Director
Phone: 202.690.4673
Purpose

The Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program (Broadband Program)
furnishes loans and loan guarantees to provide funds for the costs of
construction, improvement, or acquisition of facilities and equipment needed to
provide service at the broadband lending speed in eligible rural areas.

The goal of the Broadband Program is to ensure that rural consumers enjoy the
same quality and range of services that are available in urban and suburban
communities. This program aims to lend to entities capable of repaying its loans
and that plan to offer service at a level that keeps pace with technology
upgrades while meeting the demands of customers in rural America.
Eligibility

Eligible entities may be either a nonprofit or for-profit organization, and must
take one of the following forms:

Corporation
    Limited liability company (LLC)
    Cooperative or mutual organization
    Indian tribe or tribal organization
    State or local government, including any agency, subdivision or
instrumentality thereof

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Available funds: $735,000,000
Application
process

Application guidance and required forms are available on the program website.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Technology, Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              123 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 6, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 270  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Kenneth Kuchno
Director
Phone: 202.690.4673
Purpose

The Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program (Broadband Program)
furnishes loans and loan guarantees to provide funds for the costs of
construction, improvement, or acquisition of facilities and equipment needed to
provide service at the broadband lending speed in eligible rural areas.

The goal of the Broadband Program is to ensure that rural consumers enjoy the
same quality and range of services that are available in urban and suburban
communities. This program aims to lend to entities capable of repaying its loans
and that plan to offer service at a level that keeps pace with technology
upgrades while meeting the demands of customers in rural America.
Eligibility

Eligible entities may be either a nonprofit or for-profit organization, and must
take one of the following forms:

Corporation
    Limited liability company (LLC)
    Cooperative or mutual organization
    Indian tribe or tribal organization
    State or local government, including any agency, subdivision or
instrumentality thereof

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Available funds: $735,000,000
Application
process

Application guidance and required forms are available on the program website.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Technology, Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              124 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 5, 2013 Monday

Utah: Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 270  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Kenneth Kuchno
Director
Phone: 202.690.4673
Purpose

The Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program (Broadband Program)
furnishes loans and loan guarantees to provide funds for the costs of
construction, improvement, or acquisition of facilities and equipment needed to
provide service at the broadband lending speed in eligible rural areas.

The goal of the Broadband Program is to ensure that rural consumers enjoy the
same quality and range of services that are available in urban and suburban
communities. This program aims to lend to entities capable of repaying its loans
and that plan to offer service at a level that keeps pace with technology
upgrades while meeting the demands of customers in rural America.
Eligibility

Eligible entities may be either a nonprofit or for-profit organization, and must
take one of the following forms:

Corporation
    Limited liability company (LLC)
    Cooperative or mutual organization
    Indian tribe or tribal organization
    State or local government, including any agency, subdivision or
instrumentality thereof

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Available funds: $735,000,000
Application
process

Application guidance and required forms are available on the program website.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Technology, Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              125 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 3, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 270  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Kenneth Kuchno
Director
Phone: 202.690.4673
Purpose

The Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program (Broadband Program)
furnishes loans and loan guarantees to provide funds for the costs of
construction, improvement, or acquisition of facilities and equipment needed to
provide service at the broadband lending speed in eligible rural areas.

The goal of the Broadband Program is to ensure that rural consumers enjoy the
same quality and range of services that are available in urban and suburban
communities. This program aims to lend to entities capable of repaying its loans
and that plan to offer service at a level that keeps pace with technology
upgrades while meeting the demands of customers in rural America.
Eligibility

Eligible entities may be either a nonprofit or for-profit organization, and must
take one of the following forms:

Corporation
    Limited liability company (LLC)
    Cooperative or mutual organization
    Indian tribe or tribal organization
    State or local government, including any agency, subdivision or
instrumentality thereof

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Available funds: $735,000,000
Application
process

Application guidance and required forms are available on the program website.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Technology, Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              126 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 1, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 270  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Kenneth Kuchno
Director
Phone: 202.690.4673
Purpose

The Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program (Broadband Program)
furnishes loans and loan guarantees to provide funds for the costs of
construction, improvement, or acquisition of facilities and equipment needed to
provide service at the broadband lending speed in eligible rural areas.

The goal of the Broadband Program is to ensure that rural consumers enjoy the
same quality and range of services that are available in urban and suburban
communities. This program aims to lend to entities capable of repaying its loans
and that plan to offer service at a level that keeps pace with technology
upgrades while meeting the demands of customers in rural America.
Eligibility

Eligible entities may be either a nonprofit or for-profit organization, and must
take one of the following forms:

Corporation
    Limited liability company (LLC)
    Cooperative or mutual organization
    Indian tribe or tribal organization
    State or local government, including any agency, subdivision or
instrumentality thereof

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Available funds: $735,000,000
Application
process

Application guidance and required forms are available on the program website.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Technology, Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              127 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             June 16, 2011 Thursday

Tech Ticker: Nortel, Calisolar, HP and Toshiba

BYLINE: Mercury News wire services

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY; News; Business; High-Tech; Science and Tech

LENGTH: 365 words


Nortel postpones patent auction

Nortel Networks, the bankrupt Canadian maker of telecommunications equipment, is
postponing the auction of its patent portfolio by one week, until June 27,
citing "the significant level of interest" in the sale. Google ( GOOG ) has said
it plans to bid $900 million in cash for the collection of 6,000 patents and
patent applications. Google says it wants the patents to defend itself against
patent lawsuits from other companies. Other possible bidders include Apple (
AAPL ), BlackBerry maker Research In Motion and telecom equipment maker LM
Ericsson. Ontario-based Nortel has been selling its operations piece by piece
since it filed for bankruptcy protection in Canada and the U.S. in January 2009.

-- Associated Press

Calisolar wins federal loan guarantee

Sunnyvale-based Calisolar was awarded a $275 million conditional loan guarantee
by the Energy Department to build a factory that produces silicon for solar
cells at half the cost of existing production facilities. The plant will be able
to produce 16,000 metric tons of silicon a year, the agency said Thursday in a
statement. Calisolar will build it in three phases, each with production
capacity of 5,333 tons, at a former General Motors facility in Ontario, Ohio.
Calisolar's low-cost manufacturing process "offers significant competitive
advantages that will help the U.S. to out-innovate and out-compete our global
competitors," Energy Secretary Steven Chu said in the statement. The company
also makes solar cells.

-- Bloomberg News

Toshiba, HP team up

Toshiba, the world's second-largest maker of flash-memory chips, allied with
Palo Alto-based Hewlett-Packard ( HPQ ) to develop cloud-computing technologies
for "smart-community" businesses. The companies plan to jointly develop
technologies that can share data on social infrastructure including water
supply, transportation, telecommunications, medical and public-service systems,
contributing to energy conservation, Toshiba said in a statement Wednesday. The
Tokyo-based company forecast sales in its smart-community business, including
grid and building facilities, will triple to $11 billion in the year ending
March 2016.

-- Bloomberg News

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              128 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                             October 6, 2014 Monday

USDA awards $91m loan guarantee to Cool Planet's Louisiana biofuel plant

SECTION: BIOMASS; New Projects

LENGTH: 300 words



HIGHLIGHT: The US Department of Agriculture (USDA) has awarded a $91m loan
guarantee to help finance Cool Planet Energy Systems' advanced biofuel facility
in Rapides Parish, Louisiana.


The loan guarantee will help Cool Planet construct the plant at the Port of
Alexandria in early 2016.

Upon completion, the facility will generate renewable fuels by converting wood
chips into high octane gasoline and aromatic blendstocks.

The facility will also produce a co-product, dubbed CoolTerra, which will allow
agricultural producers to retain water and nutrients in soil in order to
increase crop yields.

Cool Planet will contribute $50m in the plant, which also has investors
including Google Ventures, BP, Conoco Philips, GE, Exelon and NRG Energy.

The company broke ground on the facility earlier in 2014 and site preparation as
well as detailed engineering design work are currently underway.

Cool Planet CEO Howard Janzen said: "We expect to work closely with the USDA as
we bring this commercial facility online.

"The umbrella of a supportive and consistent federal government policy is
important to the initial commercialization of our technology. We expect this
commercial plant to be the first of hundreds of plants that our company will
build across the United States."

USDA Secretary Tom Vilsack said: "This partnership is the latest example of the
Obama Administration's continuing support for innovative, home-grown energy
sources.

"USDA's support for renewable energy projects like this helps create jobs in
rural areas, promotes U.S. energy independence, and leads to further expansion
of the growing and increasingly significant bioeconomy."

USDA has recently issued a conditional commitment on a $105m loan guarantee to
Fulcrum Sierra Biofuels to construct a biorefinery in Nevada to generate
renewable jet fuel from municipal solid waste.

Image: Cool Planet plans to start construction on the advanced biofuel facility
in early 2016. Photo: Courtesy of John Kasawa/FreeDigitalPhotos.net.

LOAD-DATE: October 07, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              129 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Alaska Journal of Commerce

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                               May 4, 2008 Sunday

Alaska financial institutions receive SBA recognition

BYLINE: Carly Horton, Alaska Journal of Commerce, Anchorage

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 594 words


May 4--Local financial lenders are stepping up to the plate to encourage growth
and development of small businesses in Alaska.

With help from the U.S. Small Business Administration's Alaska District Office,
two lenders -- Alaska Growth Capital and Alaska Pacific Bank -- have been named
Alaska SBA Lender of the Year and Community-Based Lender of the Year,
respectively.

"In the case of both of these lenders, it shows they're doing even more deals
than national-based institutions," said Sam Dickey, deputy district director for
the Alaska SBA office.

Alaska Growth Capital, a wholly owned subsidiary of Arctic Slope Regional Corp.,
provides government guarantee loans to regional air carriers, water
transportation companies, restaurants and assisted care facilities, to name just
a few. "You name it, we do it," said senior loan officer John Delano.

The company is based in Anchorage, has 11 employees, and serves customers
statewide.

Delano said many banks don't take advantage of the government guarantee program,
"but because they carry a 75 (percent) to 90 percent guarantee there's less risk
to us. What we do is take the guarantees and sell them in a secondary market,
but we continue to service the loan part of the contract for the customer."

Alaska Growth Capital has been the top SBA lender in the state for the second
consecutive year for providing needed capital to Alaskan small businesses.
Delano credits the company's ability to approve loans in-house with getting more
business loans approved on time.

The government guarantee program "is very successful nationwide," Delano said.
"And the program is absolutely good for Alaska. Volumes are down nationwide, but
we're still in pretty good shape up here. The BP/ConocoPhillips (gas line)
announcement has got everyone excited. Alaskans are anxious to do something with
a business they already have or start up a new one."

Alaska Growth Capital received recognition based on loan volume of any lender
(bank or non-bank) headquartered anywhere in the U.S., Dickey said. Last year
the firm approved 37 SBA loans.

Alaska Pacific Bank, formerly Alaska Federal Savings and Loan, is headquartered
in Juneau, with about 70 employees serving the small business market in
Southeast Alaska.

"The beauty of the SBA is that it allows us to do more types of loans than we'd
normally be able to do," said Leslie Dahl, senior vice president and chief
lending officer. "We're considered a community bank; that's important to us."

Dahl said the bank works in partnership with the SBA and the Juneau Small
Business Development Center. She credits both entities for creating outreach
programs to educate consumers. "These are tough economic times, and the SBA
wants business owners to know what's available to them."

This is the first year the bank has received recognition as the community-based
lender of the year. Dickey said the recognition was based on the number of SBA
guarantee loans for any lender (bank or non-bank) headquartered in Alaska.
"We're really honored," Dahl said. "It just helps our community."

For information, visit www.sba.gov/localresources/district/ak/index.html.

To see more of the Alaska Journal of Commerce, or to subscribe to the newspaper,
go to http://www.alaskajournal.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Alaska Journal of
Commerce, Anchorage Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080504-JA-Alaska-financial-institutions-receive-SBA-recognition-0504

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JA


                   Copyright 2008 Alaska Journal of Commerce


                              130 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Baby Steps for Child-Care Facility Lending

                             June 21, 2002, Friday

BY LAURA K. THOMPSON



When an application for a loan to improve a child-care facility came across
Kirsten Grahovac's desk at ShoreBank in Cleveland, she remembered her own
trouble finding affordable care and thought it would help to look into other
banks' child-care lending programs.

She found few examples.

"I realized that the financing out there from conventional banks was not meeting
the needs of the child-care industry, so I decided to come up with a new
financial model," said Ms. Grahovac, an assistant vice president and the
child-care lending specialist at the Cleveland office of Chicago's Shorebank
Corp.

Ms. Grahovac designed a traditional loan linked to the deposit account of a
large corporate or nonprofit investor that sets aside money to support
child-care loans. A nonprofit arm of Shorebank helps out with a discount
working-capital loan, plus technical assistance and training.

In the last 18 months ShoreBank has lent $702,000 to six child-care clients in
the lower-income areas of Cleveland and $1.5 million to a developer specializing
in child-care facilities. The $1.3 billion-asset parent company, a community
development specialist, wants to expand the program to its other markets,
Detroit and Chicago.

The Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996
changed federal child-care policy to streamline federal funding sources, give
states more flexibility in designing child-care subsidy programs for working
parents, and makes more federal resources available. The result has been a surge
in federal funds used by states for child care -- from $2.1 billion in 1997 to
$7.4 billion in 2000 -- and more facilities providing it to low-income families.

This year Congress is expected to extend the block grants for child care. But it
is widely agreed that there is a still a shortage of providers -- about 1.6
million of them for roughly 14 million children under 5, according to Wilson
Marketing Group, a Los Angeles research firm.

Sherry Workman, the executive director of the National Association of Child Care
Professionals in Austin, Tex., said: "Here in Austin, we don't have enough, and
I think in many other places the supply hasn't really caught up with the
demand."

But most traditional banks have avoided lending to these facilities. They "are
hesitant to go into the child-care arena and be responsible for the risk," Ms.
Workman said.

Shorebank and other community development lenders are trying to pick up the
slack, particularly in low-income neighborhoods, and prove to traditional banks
that loans to child-care facilities are good investments.

A survey of 50 community development financial institutions found that loans to
child-care facilities in underserved communities rose 191% between 1999 and
2001, to $17.9 million. In 2001 loans were spread among 176 facilities, a nearly
threefold increase from 1999, according to the Social Investment Forum and Co-op
for America.

One major initiative to boost child-care lending comes from the National
Community Capital Association, Philadelphia, and its partnership with Providian
Financial Corp.

About a year ago, San Francisco-based Providian gave the trade group $11.7
million to help develop and expand child-care lending in underserved
neighborhoods. Mark Pinsky, its chief executive officer, said National Community
Capital has given about $7.5 million to a dozen of its members to be used as
capital in a child-care loan fund, or to be given directly to child-care
providers to help them reduce their debt.

Mr. Pinsky said that National Community wants to expand the program and is now
searching for other big banks to provide an additional $13 million. Partner
banks would get Community Reinvestment Act credit, he said.

"We wanted to make sure it is effective in benefiting and increasing the supply
of child-care before we moved forward," Mr. Pinsky said. "And I think it's
working so far."

There are two reasons for the surge in demand. Welfare reform was designed to
get people back to work quickly, but Karen Heying, the president of Child Care
Aware in Washington, said that though many parents have been able to find jobs,
they struggle to find adequate and affordable child care.

Population growth is another factor. From 1994 to 2000, the number of children
under 5 declined steadily each year, but it picked up in 2001 and is expected to
rise about 3% by 2007, according to the U.S. Census Bureau.

Mr. Pinsky said that many community development institutions got interested in
the child-care shortage because they were looking for another lending niche. It
is his hope that in five years or so big banks will realize that child-care
lending is safe and start doing it more, much like they did in the late 1990s
after community development banks showed that mortgage lending in low-income
communities was sound.

"We view the community development financial institutions as the tugboats of
lending trying to bring the big boats into port," Mr. Pinsky said, "and this
time the port we are working in is child care."

Some larger banks have gotten indirectly involved through he Non-Profit Finance
Fund. A year and a half ago the New York fund started the Child Care Expansion
Consortium, which provides loan guarantees to care providers in the city. Clara
Miller, the fund's president, said the nonprofit group pulls money from larger
banking companies, like J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. and Citigroup Inc.

In the year and a half the program has been around the consortium has provided
$1 million in loan guarantees to allow facilities to expand, creating slots for
261 more children in New York.

The Calvert Foundation in Bethesda, Md., lends to community development
institutions with money from investors who buy "community investment notes" at a
below-market rate from the foundation.

Calvert executive director Shari Berenbach said that many investors in these
notes, which are similar to certificates of deposit, are traditional banks and
that the money is steered to community development banks, credit unions, and
loan funds. About $5 million has been earmarked for loans to child-care
facilities.

"From a banker's perspective," Ms. Berenbach said, "collaborating with a loan
fund gives them an attractive return and takes a lot of the risk out, because
the nonprofits are not just involved in the financing, but also provide a whole
range of technical support. And I think some banks are starting to recognize
that you can lend to child care and it is a sound and profitable business."

Copyright c 2002 Thomson Media. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 1104 words

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo, Grahovac, Pinsky

                      Copyright 2002 American Banker, Inc.


                              131 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            August 28, 2014 Thursday

U.S. Treasury Department guarantees $325 million in new bonds

LENGTH: 314  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The U.S. Treasury Department guaranteed $325 million in new bonds to help
support economic development opportunities in low-income and underserved
communities in the country.

Provided through the Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFI) Bond
Guarantee Program, the funding is designed to help CDFIs fill a financing gap in
underserved areas by providing long-term, fixed rate capital. The CDFI Bond
Guarantee Program was established by the Small Business Jobs Act, which directed
Treasury to, among other things, guarantee the full amount of bonds issued to
support CDFIs that make investments for eligible community and economic
development purposes.

Those purposes include financing for small businesses, rural infrastructure, day
care centers, rental housing, healthcare facilities, senior living and long-term
care facilities, charter schools, and commercial real estate in low-income or
underserved rural areas, among others.

Mary J. Miller, Under Secretary for Domestic Finance at the U.S. Treasury
Department, said, "The CDFI Bond Guarantee Program expands Obama Administration
efforts to meet the economic and community development needs of underserved
urban and rural areas. These borrowers have a national footprint in community
development financing and a solid history of delivering innovative financial
products that spur job growth, provide small business loans, and finance quality
affordable housing, and community facilities. This new tool - the first of its
kind by the CDFI Fund - will help these organizations make even more critical
investments in communities across the country."

The CDFI Bond Guarantee Program will sunset September 30, 2014, unless it is
reauthorized by Congress. The President's Fiscal Year 2015 budget proposes to
extend the program. Treasury will announce additional borrowers selected to
participate in the program in coming weeks.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              132 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Crossville Chronicle (Tennessee)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 25, 2011 Tuesday

City approves $300,000 loan for BekZon

BYLINE: Heather Mullinix, Crossville Chronicle, Tenn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 883 words


Oct. 25--CROSSVILLE -- The Crossville City Council approved a $300,000 loan to
air purification manufacturer BekZon Monday afternoon, but council members
wanted sufficient guarantees the city would see those funds paid back in a year.

With the approval of the loan, a job fair has been scheduled for Friday at Roane
State Community College's Crossville campus on Cook Rd. The fair, sponsored by
the Crossville Career Center and Roane State, will be held from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m.
with positions for production, office support and management. The company
proposes hiring an initial workforce of 48 people, expanding to a conservative
estimate of 68 within a year and as many as 500 within five years.

Crossville Mayor J.H. Graham said, "We're taking a risk. Yes, it's a tough
decision."

Graham pointed to other difficult decisions that involved risk for the city,
such as lowering Meadow Park Lake to check for leaks in the 72-year-old dam.

"This is risky business we're in and it's going to get riskier," he said. "We
need something to keep businesses here and grow what we have and bring in new
jobs when we have the chance."

The loan will come from the city's economic development revolving loan to be
paid back in one year. According to information provided by BekZon, the funds
will be used for inventory needed to start production as soon as possible at the
Cumberland Business Incubator site. The company has asked the city, county and
Roane State Community College to rent the facility for its use while it sets up
permanent facilities in Cumberland County and transfers its manufacturing
operations to the United States.

Mike Spieles, a local distributor for BekZon's air purifiers, told the city last
week, "They need the Incubator to fulfill their immediate orders."

The fund has been used in previous economic development projects, originating in
1984 with the negotiations to bring Crossville Ceramics to Crossville.

"That was some money well spent," Councilman George Marlow said.

As part of the loan agreement, the city would have a UCC-1 financing statement
giving it interest in the personal property of the company. According to
Spieles, BekZon would make it's obligation to the city primary and subordinate
obligations to shareholders. In addition, the city wants Alf Mauritzon,
president and chief technical officer for BekZon, to sign and date the personal
financial statements submitted to the city by himself and his wife. The city
would also like an amount equal to the loan deposited in a local, United States
bank and for the loan to be paid by invoice with the city verifying purchases.
The city would also require a life insurance policy equal to the amount of the
loan, or allow Mauritzon to assign an existing policy to the city, provided it
met the loan amount.

Councilman Danny Wyatt said he would be more comfortable if Mauritzon would
personally guarantee the loan with a certificate of deposit of half the loan
amount.

Crossville City Attorney Kenneth Chadwell said such a guarantee had not been
offered by the company.

Graham said the company was purchasing $769,000 in inventory and would have to
meet payroll for the 48 immediate hires until revenue started to be generated.
He also noted the company was seeking funding from a Community Development Block
Grant loan program and the Tennessee Valley Authority, each of which required
some matching funds.

"Cash is the life blood of a company," Graham said. "And it's going to be very
important for the next six months to a year. Everything he's got, he's willing
to put up.

"It's an $8 to $10 million deal, but he needs to get started.

Council members asked Chadwell his opinion on the security of the loan and the
ability of the city to collect should the need arise.

"You're weighing the value and the importance of the possibility of these jobs
versus the security you have seeing this money paid back," Chadwell said. "They
have certainly put forth some items that give me some comfort."

Chadwell outlined some of the provisions of the agreement, including funding the
loan on a reimbursement basis with verification of purchases; Mauritzson and his
wife providing signed and dated financial statements; completing an asset
purchase agreement; verify citizenship of Mauritzson; and require a life
insurance policy for Mauritzon equal to the loan amount.

Graham moved to approve the loan, as well as the city paying half the cost of
renting the Cumberland Business Incubator at a cost of $20,000 over the next
year. Councilman Earl Dean supported the motion which was approved with a 4-1
vote. Voting against was Danny Wyatt.

Graham pointed to a study from the University of Tennessee that showed the
possible economic impact of the jobs that could come from the BekZon project.
When in full production, the company anticipates a yearly payroll of $4 million.
Graham said that could provide an additional $137,500 in sales tax just for the
city of Crossville. The school system would see that same amount in new revenue.

"These 48 to 69 jobs will spend their money in Crossville, as well, and there
will be other businesses that will benefit," Graham said.

___ (c)2011 the Crossville Chronicle (Crossville, Tenn.) Visit the Crossville
Chronicle (Crossville, Tenn.) at crossville-chronicle.com/ Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111025-XV-City-approves-300,000-loan-for-BekZon-1025-20111025

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XV


                      Copyright 2011 Crossville Chronicle


                              133 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 16, 2014 Monday

Utah: Section 108 Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 362  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Environmental Protection Agency, The State of Utah has issued the following news
release:

Sponsor  U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

For questions on a specific application, contact your local HUD office or the
staff underwriter in HUD headquarters who is reviewing the application.

For more information on the CDBG Section 108 loan guarantee program, your local
HUD field office will be able to assist you. When applying for a Section 108
loan, the field office is the first to become involved in reviewing the
application.
Purpose

Section 108 is the loan guarantee provision of the Community Development Block
Grant (CDBG) program. Section 108 provides communities with a source of
financing for economic development, housing rehabilitation, public facilities,
and large-scale physical development projects.

This program allows local governments to transform a small portion of their CDBG
funds into federally guaranteed loans large enough to pursue physical and
economic revitalization projects that can renew entire neighborhoods.

Local governments borrowing funds guaranteed by Section 108 must pledge their
current and future CDBG allocations to cover the loan amount as security for the
loan.
Eligibility

Eligible applicants include the following public entities:

Metropolitan cities and urban counties (i.e. CDBG entitlement recipients)
    Non-entitlement communities that are assisted in the submission of
applications by States that administer the CDBG program; and
    Non-entitlement communities eligible to receive CDBG funds under the
HUD-Administered Small Cities CDBG program (Hawaii). The public entity may be
the borrower or it may designate a public agency as the borrower.

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified. See program website for loan details.
Application
process

Interested applicants should contact the local HUD office in advance for help in
preparing an application. See the application process page on the program
website.
Tagged as  Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://yosemite.epa.gov/

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              134 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 10, 1981, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

ECONOMIC-AID REQUESTS AFFECTED BY FREEZE ON GOVERNMENT FUNDS

BYLINE: Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 5, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 847 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, March 9


Following are the Economic Development Administration grant and loan
applications from New York, New Jersey and Connecticut that have been frozen by
the Federal Government:

New York State

New York City Grants
Caring Community, $600,000 to rehabilitate the old Food and Maritime High
School, 208 W. 13th St., as a cook-training school. Harlem Commonwealth Council,
$400,000 to develop commercial site. Harlem Interfaith Council, $875,000 to
rehabilitate building. Vita and Phillips buildings, $75,000 for rehabilitation.
Brooklyn Army Terminal, $4.5 million for acquisition by city for industrial
site.  Fordham Plaza, $2.7 million to convert former post office to business
use. Harlem Community Council, $500,000 to construct jobs processing center.
Transit Authority, $300,000 to weatherize building in Bronx.  New York Community
Trust, $593,000 to weatherize several buildings.  New York City, $600,000 to
weatherize several buildings. New York City Cultural Affairs Dept., $315,000 to
weatherize several sites.  New York City, $700,000 to rehabilitate 55th St.

Dance Studio. Astoria Film Studios, $2.5 million to expand.

New York City Loans and Loan Guarantees
Carnivale Bag, Brooklyn, $950,000 working capital loan to expand handbag
production. Elgin Theater Foundation, $540,000 loan guarantee for construction.
MDO Development Corp., Brooklyn, $1.5 million loan guarantee to construct
restaurant.

Other New York City
Uptown Chamber of Commerce, $98,000 in technical assistance to study promotion
of tourism in Harlem. Brooklyn Economic Development Corporation, $1 million for
revolving loan.

Other New York State
Babylon, L.I., $600,000 grant for industrial park development.  Johnsburg, $1.2
million grant for industrial park access road.  Suffolk County, $550,000 grant
for construction of fishing pier in Southampton, L.I. East Rochester, $600,000
grant to improve industrial park. Syracuse, $720,000 grant to rehabilitate
building.  Jamestown, $1.8 million grant to develop airport industrial park.
Utica, $227,000 grant to construct connector. Rochester, $1.5 million grant to
develop civic center site. Port Chester, $421,000 grant to construct training
center. Amsterdam, $439,000 grant to develop industrial park. Frankfort,
$380,000 grant to construct sewer system. Peekskill, $820,000 grant to improve
port utilities. Southampton, L.I., $445,000 grant to rehabilitate Town Hall.
Rochester, $418,000 grant for weatherization of buildings. Utica, $551,000 grant
to improve inndustrial park roads. Natcon Chemical, Yaphank, L.I., $750,000
loan. New Lehigh Corp., Farmingdale, L.I., $1 million loan.  Commercial Envelope
Mfg., Deer Park, L.I.,

$1 million loan. Natcom Chemical, Yaphank, L.I., $1.4 million loan. Mica
Products, Wingdale, one loan for $600,000 and one for $1 million. Niacet Corp.,
Niagara Falls, $1 million loan and $900,000 loan guarantee. Saw Mill River
Industries, Yonkers, $925,000 loan.  Savin Corporation, Union, $5.4 million loan
guarantee. Flightways of Long Island, Farmingdale, a

$753,000 loan guarantee.

New Jersey
Community Parents, Newark, $1.9 million grant to develop industrial park.  Perth
Amboy, $3.2 million grant to improve water system.  New Jersey Economic
Development Administration, $2 million grant to develop industrial park in
Newark.  Resurges Industries, Raritan, $850,000 grant to construct manufacturing
and training facility.  Speedwell Development, $1 million grant to construct
parking garage in Moorestown.  Newark, $300,000 to rehabilitate Symphony Hall.
Chronar Corp., Trenton, one loan for $600,000 and one for $400,000.  Chronar
Corp., Trenton, $720,000 loan guarantee.  ATP Processors, Paterson, $935,000
loan.  Beattie Manufacturing, Keansburg, $2.7 million loan guarantee.  Hampton
Township, $24,900 technical assistance for industrial park feasibility study.

Connecticut
State Economic Development Department, $1 million grant for rehabilitation of
railroad track.  State Economic Development Department, $1 million loan to
establish revolving loan fund.  New Haven, $1 million grant for rehabilitation
of theater.  Waterbury, $780,000 grant for sewer outfall construction.
Bridgeport Rolling Mills, $1 million loan.  Bridgeport Rolling Mills, $270,000
loan guarantee.  Remington Products, Bridgeport, $5.4 million loan guarantee.
General E-C Inc., Hartford, $765,000 loan guarantee.  Hartford, $600,000 loan to
establish revolving loan fund.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: Photo of Astoria film studio

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              135 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                                February 3, 2009

Stimulus to Loosen SBA Loan Market.

BYLINE: Emily Flitter

SECTION: Pg. 1 Vol. 174 No. 22 ISSN: 0002-7561

LENGTH: 862 words



HIGHLIGHT: Community Banking


WASHINGTON - The massive stimulus package moving through Congress aims to unclog
the market for Small Business Administration loans by providing financing to the
broker-dealers that buy and securitize them.

The version the House passed last week also would increase the government
guarantee on certain types of SBA loans to 95%, from 75%.

The version pending in the Senate would temporarily remove the guarantee fees
the SBA charges lenders, making the loans more profitable because a portion of
the yield would no longer go back to the agency. It would also increase the loan
limit on 7(a) SBA loans to $3 million from $2 million.

Both billswould authorize an SBA-run financing facility that would lend to
broker-dealers at 25 basis points above the federal funds rate. The lending
program's goal would be to give broker-dealers a source of cheap funding with
which to buy newly made SBA loans from originators.

The facility may do its job, but observers say it would be more effective if the
government would agree to make changes to an upcoming lending program designed
by the Federal Reserve Board. Together, the two programs could get the market
for securitized SBA loans moving again.

Part of the logjam in the secondary market for SBA loans has been caused by an
inventory of undesirable pools of SBA loans-pools with low yields and high
prices-that their creators, the broker-dealers, have not been able to sell. Many
broker dealers borrowed money to buy the loans that went into these bad pools,
and are now focused on maintaining their inventories and riding out the credit
market freeze rather than buying more attractively priced new loans.

The broker-dealer lending facility in the stimulus "would allow the dealers at
least temporarily to have an attractive financing source so they could take
their inventory and move it over to that line," said Scott Taylor, a vice
president based in Memphis forShay Financial Services Inc. of Miami. "The hope
is that by clearing our lines up, the market would be able to seek its own
level."

The legislation mandates the facility "be used for the purpose of financing the
inventory of the government guaranteed portion" of SBA loans. Most observers
said they did not interpret the language to forbid using the facility to
refinance existing pools.

Mike Haught, the director of the SBA trading desk at Vining Sparks IBG LP, said
that since SBA loans are backed by the full faith and credit of the government,
"it's been inconceivable that we'd have any trouble finding financing for this
stuff." Nevertheless, his firm and others have encountered such trouble, gumming
up the works.

"The problem's not so much the size of our inventories, it's the uncertainty on
the financing side of it," he said. "These problems wouldn't even been an issue
with us if there weren't some shakiness on the part of financing."

SBA lenders and broker-dealers would have more freedom to work out the prices on
new loans being sold into the secondary market, rather than continuing in an
environment in which broker-dealers' only bids on new SBA loans are defensively
low. "If that happens, then you've kind of restored a flow in the market," Mr.
Taylor said.

Chris Reilly, the president of CIT Group Inc.'s small-business lending unit,
supports whatis happening in Congress but said policymakers also need to adjust
the Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility, the Fed program set to begin
this month.

Talf will lend money to investors against collateral made up of approved
asset-backed securities, including those backed by pools of SBA loans. But it
will only cover those pools created after Jan. 1.

The program is designed to unfreeze the credit markets by allowing participants
to use securities they already have as tools to buy and trade new securities.
But its date restriction has meant that broker-dealers who trade SBA loans
cannot unload their older loan poolsonto Talf. Neither can investors.

Critics claim that means the market could remain frozen.

Broker-dealers and SBA lenders are pressing the Fed to change the terms of the
Talf program so that older pools can be accepted as well.

Trade groups have lobbied the agency, and the SBA itself has requested that the
terms be revised.

"I have to say I'm a little skeptical," Ms. Reilly said. "To think that people
are going to double and triple their inventory levels without an endbuyer, I
just don't know if that's going to happen."

Mr. Taylor said he has complained to "anybody and everybody" about the Talf
terms. Ms. Reilly said, "The problem has been communicated loud and clear, and
if they really want Talf to have an impact they're going to have to address this
issue."

The Fed has said it is weighing changes to Talf, but declined to comment for
this story.

A spokesman for the SBA said that the agency would not discuss the legislation
until it had moved farther along."So far, we have a bill passed by the House,
and we have a Senate bill that's got through the Appropriations Committee but
hasn't been voted on by the Senate," he said. "These bills are still moving
targets as to their SBA elements, and for now, we just prefer to wait and see
what the conference bill looks like."

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 6131610

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Fulltext

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AMERBAFT

                        Copyright 2009 Gale Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
                             Business and Industry
                          Copyright 2009 Thomson Media


                              136 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Oroville Mercury Register (California)

                              July 26, 2010 Monday
                              Correction Appended

Gymnastics center loans decision Wednesday

BYLINE: By MARY WESTON-Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 509 words


OROVILLE   The Feather River Recreation and Park District board will consider a
resolution approving loans to buy the Oroville Gymnastics and Sports Academy
during its Wednesday* meeting.

Changes to the district master plan are also scheduled for consideration.

The park district has offered to buy the gymnastics center at 1875 Feather River
Boulevard for $3.5 million.

A 10-year loan of $3.15 million from Butte Community Bank and a city loan of
$350,000 would finance the purchase, according to the two resolutions.

The city loan would go toward the second deed of trust against the property,
which is about $380,000. The park district would put up another $30,000 to pay
off the second.

Payments on the $3.15 million would be about $38,000 a month, according to
information from the city.

The city's loan payment would add another $3,713 a month, bringing the payment
to $41,713 a month.

Nine existing full-time employees including Marcia Carter will be employed after
the purchase, as well as about 23 part-timers, some working only 10 hours a
week.

However, the district will manage the facility and handle the money.

Rick Farley, business assistance coordinator for the city, said the U.S.
Department of Agriculture and Rural Development approved an 80 percent guarantee
for the larger loan last Friday.

The loan guarantee came through the Business and Industry section of the USDA.

Farley said approval from the state for the city loan should come by early next
week.

In other business, the board will consider changes to the master plan update
that have been proposed by Sheryl Manies, the park district's administrative
assistant.

Manies served as interim manager before the new manager was hired.

Manies went through chapters one to three of the draft master plan to correct
discrepancies, according to her report.

Some changes might require more detailed explanation such as the section in
Chapter 3 on the Supplemental Benefits Fund, according to the report.

Phase one of the plan began in 2005 and was completed in 2006 to inventory
existing facilities.

Phase two began in 2008 and was finished in 2009 combining input from public
workshops around the district.

The board held a public hearing last year on the master plan. However, the
district has not formally adopted the plan, as Board Member Vene Thompson
suggested at a meeting, that the board should wait until the new general manager
John Buck III took over in January 2010.

Another item will look at purchasing security cameras or some kind of security
system in district parks.

The parks have been the target of vandalism and graffiti.

The meeting is open to the public.

Staff writer Mary Weston can be reached at 533-3135 or mweston@orovillemr.com

Public meeting
- Feather River Recreation and Park District
- 3:30 p.m. Wednesday
- Municipal Auditorium, 1200 Myers St.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: July 27, 2010 Tuesday



CORRECTION: The Feather River Recreation and Park District board of directors
meeting is at 3:30 p.m. today in the Municipal Auditorium, 1200 Myers St. An
incorrect date was printed in Tuesday's newspaper.

It is the policy of the Mercury-Register to correct errors of fact or omission
reported in news, sports or features sections. Call 533-3131 for more
information.

GRAPHIC: Sixteen-year-old Gabrielle Kambur rotates on the vault as gymnasts
compete in the NorCal Women¹s State Gymnastics Championships at the Oroville
Gymnastics and Sports Academy on March 20. The Feather River Recreation and Park
District board of directors will consider a resolution approving loans to buy
the Oroville Gymnastics and Sports Academy Wednesday. (Jason Halley/Staff file
photo)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Oroville Mercury Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              137 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                             March 23, 2007 Friday

Town leaves sour taste in developer's mouth

BYLINE: By ROGER H. AYLWORTH - Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 1109 words


PARADISE -- A developer in the midst of constructing a $3.2 million commercial
project in Paradise said this is the last time he'll build anything in the town,
and a Town Councilor agrees with his complaint.

In 2005, Pat Corrigan of Monterey sought permission from the Town Council to
expand a mini-storage facility he owns on Clark Road, north of Pearson Road.

Corrigan couldn't have run into much more opposition if he had proposed putting
in a nuclear waste dump.

While the zoning then allowed for mini-storage facilities in commercial zones,
the council and the community wanted to bring such projects to a halt.

Paradise officials said the development might win approval if the project
included a restaurant and a coin-operated laundry.

Corrigan added the two elements to his proposal and entered into a "development
agreement" that promised the restaurant would be cleared by the town for
occupancy before he could rent any of the expanded mini-storage facilities.

Corrigan agreed to put up a $100,000 guarantee that would be forfeited to the
town if he failed to complete the project.

Two weeks ago, during the regular March 13 Town Council meeting, Corrigan asked
for a shift in timing on the development agreement. He said problems in finding
an operator for the restaurant had delayed its construction.

"You have to have an operator before you know what you are going to design on
the interior of a restaurant. I wish I had an operator two years ago, but I
didn't," explained the developer.

He predicted the restaurant would not be ready to occupy before mid-July;
however, the mini-storage expansion would be finished by mid-April, and he asked
to be able to rent that space then.

"If I can't open them, they are going to be sitting there vacant, with no rental
income, which is going to be a financial hardship to me," he explained.

He pointed out he'd already spent about $1 million on the total project, and he
also has a $3.2 million "construction loan" on which he is paying 9.5 percent
interest.

He said if he could open the mini-storage expansion, he could convert the
construction loan to a "permanent loan" that would have an interest rate of
about 5.5 percent.

He also offered to triple his completion guarantee from $100,000 to $300,000,
which the town could take "if the restaurant isn't completed in a timely
manner."

While the existing guarantee has no time-certain deadline on when the project
would be completed, Corrigan also proposed a Dec. 31, 2007, deadline to have the
project finished and the facilities in full operation or the town gets the
$300,000.

At that meeting, only four of the five councilors were present; Vice Mayor Scott
Lotter was out of town. That left Mayor Steve "Woody" Culleton and councilors
Frankie Rutledge, Robin Huffman and Alan White.

It quickly became clear Huffman and White were inclined to work out an amended
deal with Corrigan, and Culleton and Rutledge were not.

Culleton questioned Corrigan's commitment to completing the restaurant, charging
the building's shell had been constructed but nothing happened for months.

"The mini-storage would not have been allowed if this development agreement had
not been entered into. That's how the community felt," said the mayor.

He said the town should hold Corrigan to the existing agreement and said the
pressure created by the builder's loan interest is "by-god motivation" to do
what he promised.

Rutledge also objected to the proposed adjustment to the pact.

"I'm not sure why we have developer agreements if we don't hold developers to
them," she said.

Huffman urged the board to consider making a new deal with Corrigan, perhaps
with interim deadlines that would cost the developer part of his guarantee if
things didn't happen on schedule.

A 2-2 vote on the proposal would have killed Corrigan's request. However, a
decision was tabled until Tuesday's meeting on a motion by White that was
seconded by Rutledge.

Rutledge said she voted for the delay because she wanted to give Lotter a chance
to weigh in.

In an interview from Monterey, Corrigan said he came away from the meeting
feeling his honesty was challenged. "They want to make it as miserable for me as
possible. They are not business-friendly at all."

Also in a telephone interview, Rutledge said, "I feel strongly it is not a
spoiled-brat thing that I'm trying to punish Mr. Corrigan."

She said she had no serious doubt that Corrigan will finish the total project.

However, during the council meeting, Rutledge said, "I'm not a betting woman,
but I'd be willing to bet if we approve this we won't get the restaurant to at
least November, and I think if we don't approve this, the restaurant will be
done probably by June or July."

Culleton and Rutledge charged Corrigan with deliberately dragging his feet on
the restaurant and laundry, claiming all work had stopped on those for months.

In her phone interview, Rutledge said she has been watching the project since
she learned in November that Corrigan was going to ask for a change in the
agreement.

Corrigan told the E-R work has continued inside the buildings and if the critics
didn't see any work, it's because, "they didn't get out of their cars and see
what is going on."

He also claims what he is seeking is a no-loss situation for Paradise.

Councilor White agrees with Corrigan on that point. "If we look at it, based on
its merits, what's the down side? To my mind there isn't one. There is no reason
to be stubborn about it. There is no reason to be pig-headed about it."

Corrigan said, regardless of what the council does next week, the town has
already lost one thing: "The one thing they won't get is I will never put
anything else in that town."

White said he understands Corrigan's complaint.

"I tell you right now, if I was to do a development project, I wouldn't do it in
Paradise," said White.

"I wouldn't do it in Chico. I wouldn't do it in the unincorporated area either.
I'd do it in Oroville. It's easy to get things done in Oroville."

Rutledge said nothing the council has done should discourage developers.

"I would like to send the message," she said, "if you enter into a developer
agreement, then do what you say you are going to do."

Lotter told the E-R he hasn't made a decision about Corrigan's request, and
won't make one until he has heard the full presentation.

However, he did say he has had a consistent track record on this project.

"I haven't been supportive of the project in the past. I don't know anything has
changed to make me feel differently about the project at this point."

The meeting will begin at 6 p.m. Tuesday at Town Hall, 5555 Skyway.

Staff writer Roger H. Aylworth can be reached at 896-7762 or
raylworth@chicoer.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Developer Pat Corrigan stands in front of his commercial project in
Paradise on Friday afternoon.(Jason Halley/Enterprise-Record) All Chico E-R
photos are available here .
Developer Pat Corrigan stands inside the building that's slated to become a
restaurant. (Jason Halley/Enterprise-Record) All Chico E-R photos are available
here .

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              138 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                     Simcoe

                           January 19, 2011 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Tennis club deadline in a week

BYLINE: Janis Ramsay, STAFF

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 347  words


BARRIE - In a final plea to council, Ray Demiray has asked Barrie councillors to
pick a spot for an indoor tennis club.

Demiray, with the Barrie Community Tennis Club, said the pressure is on.

The club has a week left to apply for a $400,000 grant from the government to
create indoor facilities here. It is seeking a loan guarantee for $200,000 from
the city, which would put the city on the hook for the debt if the tennis club
defaults.

"We received the grant 18 months ago, and we are asking council for a $200,000
loan guarantee. It's not a loan," said Demiray.

There are two potential sites for the proposal, one in a municipally owned
building at 79 Bell Farm Road that was once an indoor tennis club, and another
at Lennox Park in the south end.

The city purchased the Bell Farm Road property from Ultimate Fitness for $1.35
million.

They've earmarked the property for use by the Barrie Police Service.

Any facility at Lenox Park would see three tennis courts under a bubble dome
with a trailer housing washrooms.

Demiray said the club can get bank funding for $200,000, but needs a guarantor
to ensure it's paid off.

"From the city's perspective, we need the Bell Farm Road site, so Lennox Park is
the only opportunity," said Ward 10 Coun. Alex Nuttall. He then asked why the
Bell Farm Road indoor courts closed in the first place.

"There were three courts there and I don't think they made any money," said
Demiray.

Ward 5 Coun. Peter Silveira asked about potential hidden costs, like any
associated with washroom facilities.

Staff said that a permanent building with water, sewer and electrical facilities
could cost about $813,000 to install.

"We want a no-frills tennis club," Demiray said. "We're not looking for a
permanent facility. A trailer would be the clubhouse, and we've set aside
$50,000 for water and sewer costs."

Demiray was confident the community would be in support of an indoor court. He
said fundraising could begin if council approved a facility.

The deadline to get a project started in time to collect the federal and
provincial grant is next Monday.

jramsay@simcoe.com

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              139 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 17, 2012 Tuesday

EDITORIAL: Settlement reached, lesson learned in beef plant fiasco

BYLINE: Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 461 words


April 17--Mississippi has settled its lawsuit against the Facility Group --the
Georgia firm whose flawed construction led to closure of the Mississippi Beef
Processors in Yalobusha County three months after it opened in 2004 --for $3.965
million.

Lost with the closure were 400 jobs and $55 million in state-backed loans,
grants and loan guarantees.

Attorney General Jim Hood announced the settlement on Monday.

The amount is the maximum under terms of Facility Group's errors and omissions
insurance policy, which already had been tapped to pay defense lawyers and
expert witnesses in earlier court action.

Windsor Quality Foods bought the plant in 2007 and employs 300 people, providing
a partial return on investment.

The beef plant, as the venture is generally known, was envisioned as a thriving
market outlet for Mississippi farmers, even though some in the agri-business
community expressed reservations about the venture from the start.

Six people eventually were imprisoned in the case, including three Georgians
from the Facility Group --Robert L. Moultrie, Nixon E. Cawood and Charles K.
Moorehead.

Their company finished the project after Richard Hall, a Tennessee businessman
who originally led the effort, ran into trouble. Hall received a $5 million
state grant in addition to loan guarantees, and he was sentenced to eight years
in prison after admitting he personally kept $751,000 in public and corporate
funds.

Others convicted in the case include a contractor and refrigeration salesman.

An analysis made for the American Federation of Teachers of Mississippi's
economic incentives policies broke down the stimulus package:

--$35 million loan for the project with a 100 percent state guarantee

--$550,000 Rural Development Grant for a utility line to the project

--$6.5 million in consulting and plant construction management fees

--$5 million Land, Water, Timber Commission grant

--$250,000 grant to city of Oakland

--$6.5 million line of credit

--$14 million legislative loan guarantee

--$2.5 million Yalobusha County grant

The plant effort was sustained despite warnings from Mississippi State
University agricultural economists that market conditions "do not support
building a new beef slaughter facility in Mississippi."

The settlement Hood announced is as much as Mississippi is likely to get, and
given the circumstances, it is the best deal available. The money will go into
the state's general fund.

The larger public policy lesson, as many have said since the failure, is more
stringent due diligence when proposals are made to invest large sums of
taxpayer-backed funds.

___ (c)2012 the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) Visit the
Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) at www.nems360.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120417-TP-EDITORIAL-Settlement-reached-lesson-learned-in-beef-plant-fiasco-041
7-20120417

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TP


               Copyright 2012 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal


                              140 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 1, 2015 Wednesday

FORM 8-K: COMMUNITY HEALTH SYSTEMS INC FILES Current report

LENGTH: 1057  words

DATELINE: Washington


COMMUNITY HEALTH SYSTEMS INC, Delaware, has filed FORM 8-K (Current report) with
Securities and Exchange Commission on April 01, 2015

State or other Jurisdiction of Incorporation: Delaware

Item 1.01  Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

On March 31, 2015, CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc. ("CHS"), a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Community Health Systems, Inc., and certain of CHS' subsidiaries
(the "Originators") amended their existing accounts receivable securitization
program (the "Receivables Facility") with a group of conduit lenders and
liquidity banks (the "Lenders"), Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank,
as a managing agent and as the administrative agent (the "Administrative
Agent"), The Bank of Nova Scotia, as a managing agent, and The Bank of
Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., as a managing agent.

In connection with the amendment of the Receivables Facility, CHS and certain of
CHS' subsidiaries entered into a Fourth Omnibus Amendment of the Receivables
Facility in which the Receivables Sale Agreement, Receivables Purchase and
Contribution Agreement and Receivables Loan Agreement were amended to extend the
facility scheduled termination date and amend certain other provisions thereof.

Pursuant to the Receivables Sale Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2012 (as
amended through March 31, 2015, the "Sale Agreement"), among the Originators,
CHSPSC, LLC (as successor-by-conversion to Community Health Systems Professional
Services Corporation), as the collection agent (the "Collection Agent"), and
CHS, the Originators agreed to sell all existing and future health care accounts
receivable, other than self-pay, originated by the Originators during the term
of the Receivables Facility (collectively, the "Receivables") and other related
assets to CHS in exchange for cash and subordinated notes. The Originators and
CHS intend for the transactions contemplated by the Sale Agreement to be true
sales to CHS by the respective Originators.

Pursuant to the Receivables Purchase and Contribution Agreement, dated as of
March 21, 2012 (as amended through March 31, 2015, the "Purchase Agreement"),
among CHS, the Collection Agent and CHS Receivables Funding, LLC, a
bankruptcy-remote, special purpose limited liability company and a wholly-owned
subsidiary of CHS ("CHS Receivables"), CHS agreed to sell or contribute
Receivables and other related assets to CHS Receivables in exchange for cash
and/or equity. CHS and CHS Receivables intend for the transactions contemplated
by the Purchase Agreement to be true sales or absolute contributions to CHS
Receivables by CHS.

Pursuant to the Receivables Loan Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2012 (as
amended through March 31, 2015, the "Loan Agreement"), among CHS Receivables,
the Administrative Agent, the Lenders party thereto, the financial institutions
party thereto as managing agents for the conduit lenders, and the Collection
Agent, CHS Receivables agreed to grant security interests in its Receivables and
other related assets to the Administrative Agent in exchange for borrowings from
the Lenders of up to $700 million outstanding from time to time based on the
availability of eligible Receivables and other customary factors. Borrowings
will be funded by either (i) the issuance of asset backed commercial paper by
the conduit lenders or (ii) drawing under the committed liquidity facility
provided by the liquidity banks. The lenders under the Loan Agreement are
entitled to receive interest for each day that their loans are outstanding. In
addition, CHS Receivables will pay upfront fees to the managing agents and the
Administrative Agent for their services and ongoing usage fees to the committed
lenders and conduits lenders for their participation in the facility. Unless
earlier terminated or subsequently extended pursuant to the terms of the Loan
Agreement, the Receivables Facility will expire on March 21, 2017. The Loan
Agreement contains customary termination events that could cause an early
termination date, including, among other things, the failure to make timely
payments or deposits under the Loan Agreement, breach of covenants, the failure
to make timely payments under other indebtedness, certain changes of control and
the failure to meet certain leverage ratios and Receivables ratios.

CHS has agreed to guarantee the performance of the Collection Agent under the
Sale Agreement, the Purchase Agreement and the Loan Agreement. CHS has not
agreed to guarantee the collection of any of the Receivables and CHS is not
responsible for any guaranteed obligations to the extent that the failure to
perform such guaranteed obligations by the Collection Agent results from any
Receivable being uncollectible on account of the insolvency or bankruptcy of the
related obligor under such Receivable.

The foregoing summary of the Sale Agreement, the Purchase Agreement and the Loan
Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be
complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of
the Fourth Omnibus Amendment, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and
incorporated into this report by reference.

Item 2.03  Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant

The information set forth in Item 1.01 above is incorporated herein by
reference.


Item 9.01  Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d) Exhibits

The following items are included as Exhibits to this Form 8-K and incorporated
herein by reference:

Exhibit
No.


Description

10.1      Fourth Omnibus Amendment, dated March 31, 2015, to the Receivables
Sale Agreement among CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc., the originators party
thereto and CHSPSC, LLC, as Collection Agent, to the Receivables Purchase and
Contribution Agreement among CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc., CHS Receivables
Funding, LLC and CHSPSC, LLC, as Collection Agent, and to the Receivables Loan
Agreement among CHS Receivables Funding, LLC, the lenders party thereto, the
managing agents party thereto, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as
Administrative Agent, and CHSPSC, LLC, as Collection Agent, all dated as of
March 21, 2012.

For more information please visit: http://www.sec.gov

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              141 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            July 10, 2002 Wednesday

New law supports senior housing

BYLINE: STAFF REPORT

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 428 words


Legislation to make it easier for nonprofit, public and community organizations
to obtain financing assistance from the state to build assisted living and
nursing care residences for seniors and people with disabilities was signed into
law by Gov. Gray Davis on Friday.

"This is a big boost for nonprofits who are moving to develop long-term care and
nursing residences to address the needs of a growing elderly population," said
Assemblywoman Wilma Chan, who authored the bill.

"Affordable long-term care facilities are especially important to middle-income
and low-income seniors and people with disabilities, since most Californians do
not have long-term care insurance, and those that do will still have to pay
substantial out-of-pocket costs for care."

Many assisted-living and nursing-care residences are operated by nonprofits. In
Oakland, Salem Lutheran Homes and Mercy Retirement & Care Center are examples of
such senior residences.

Assembly Bill 2917 will make it easier for nonprofit organizations to utilize
Cal Mortgage loan guarantees to build facilities, including long-term care
health facilities for the elderly and disabled.

Current state law does not allow the use of long-term land leases as collateral
for Cal Mortgage loans, even though the federal agency HUD does. In practice,
this means that in a case where a city, county, nonprofit or religious
organization is willing to lease land, typically for 50-99 years, to a nonprofit
organization to develop a long-term care facility, the land lease cannot be used
as collateral. This precludes many nonprofit, community and religious
organizations from even applying for a Cal Mortgage guarantee.

Most public, nonprofit and religious organizations are unwilling to sell their
surplus property, but in recent years have increasingly worked in partnership
with nonprofit groups by signing long-term leases for the development of various
types of community service programs.

Under AB 2917, long-term leases that are in effect for the entire term of the
loan (typically 25 years) plus an additional 20 years can count as collateral.

"This bill removes a barrier and promotes public-nonprofit-community
partnerships to provide long-term care for California's rapidly increasing
senior population. Loan applicants still will have to meet the rigorous fiscal
criteria created by the state," Chan explained.

The bill was supported by the California Assisted Living Facilities Association,
Elder Care Alliance and the California Association of Homes and Services for the
Aging.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: news

                       Copyright 2002 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              142 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Times of Zambia (Ndola)

                               February 12, 2015

Parley Committee Hears Why Banks Don't Lend to Local Contractors

LENGTH: 272 words


THE banking sector has reservations about giving loan facilities to some local
contractors due to uncertainties in their capacity to handle road projects,
Finance Bank managing director Barkat Ali has said.

Mr Ali said despite the fact that the employer was Government and such a payment
was assured, failure to perform on a contract might result in guarantee being
recalled and loan facility not being paid.

He said this when he appeared before the Parliamentary Committee on Community,
Transport, Works and Supply chaired by Moomba MP Vitalis Mooya to give a
presentation of the local participation of the construction industry in Zambia.

"The bank acknowledges that the employer is Government as such payment is
assured as long as the contractor successfully performs on the contract, failure
to perform on a contract results in guarantees being recalled by employer and
facility not being settled," Mr Ali said.

The Bank had given 90 per cent of the facility to road construction while the
balance was to other construction projects.

He said the contract awarded call for a performance bond or an advance payment
guarantee in favour of the employer.

Inadequate collateral was also a challenge for local contractors to secure
credit facilities as well as late receipt of applications for credit facilities.

Finance Bank was exploring the possibility of bringing on board insurance
companies to share the risk.

The bank was also working on enhancing awareness to contractors on timely
submission of applications.

He reiterated the bank's commitment to continuing this partnership to support
Government initiative to empower local contractors.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              143 of 998 DOCUMENTS

             Copyright 2017 Thomson Financial, All Rights Reserved
                            Reuters Knowledge Direct

                                 March 27, 2017

                      Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp.

                               1999 K St NW Fl 4
                           WASHINGTON,  DC 20006-1118
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: Main Phone: 1-202-8727700
FAX: 1-202-8727713
URL: Home Page: http://www.farmermac.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
TICKER: AGM, AGM.A
CUSIP: 313148306, 313148108, 313148207
IRS No.: 521578738
CIK: 0000845877
ISIN: US3131483063US3131481083
SEDOL: 23633812518783
Reuters Instrument Code: AGM, AGMa
Display RIC: AGM.N, AGMa.N

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: 1987
PLACE OF INCORPORATION: District of Columbia
LEGAL STATUS: Equity Issue
OPERATING STATUS: Active
EMPLOYEES: 81

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *



OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS
NAME            CURRENT TITLE (DATE)      OFFICER      DIRECTOR     AGE   SEX
                                          SINCE        SINCE
Lowell Junkins  Independent Chairman of   2002         1996         71    M
                the Board (2010)
Timothy Buzby   President, Chief          2003                      46    M
                Executive Officer (2013)
Dr. Myles Watts Independent Vice Chairman 2012         2010         64    M
Ph.D.           of the Board (2012)
Mr. Robert      Chief Financial Officer,  2013                      49    M
Lynch           Executive Vice President,
                Treasurer (2015)
Stephen Mullery Senior Vice President,    2012                      48    M
                General Counsel,
                Secretary (2012)
John Covington  Senior Vice President -   2015                      59    M
                Agricultural Finance
                (2015)
Thomas Hill     Director (2012)                        2012         65    M
Douglas Wilhelm Director (2012)                        2012         64    M
Dennis Brack    Independent Director                   2001         62    M
                (2001)
Gov. Chester    Independent Director                   2012         49    M
Culver          (2012)
Richard         Independent Director                   2010         70    M
Davidson        (2010)

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation (Farmer Mac), incorporated in 1987,
provides a secondary market for a range of loans made to borrowers in rural
America. The Company operates through four segments: Farm & Ranch, the United
States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Guarantees, Rural Utilities and
Institutional Credit. The Company sells its guarantees of securities under the
AgVantage brand name.

   Farm & Ranch

   The Company purchases eligible mortgage loans secured by first liens on
agricultural real estate and rural housing under the Farm & Ranch line of
business. Farmer Mac guarantees securities representing interests in pools of
mortgage loans eligible for the Farm & Ranch line of business (Farm & Ranch
Guaranteed Securities). Farmer Mac also purchases, subject to the terms of the
applicable long-term standby purchase commitments (LTSPC) agreement, eligible
Farm & Ranch mortgage loans.

   Farmer Mac includes its part-time farm loans and rural housing loans in the
Farm & Ranch line of business. In Farm & Ranch Guaranteed Securities
transactions, Farmer Mac guarantees securities representing interests in
eligible Farm & Ranch loans or participation interests in the loans held by a
trust or other entity. Farmer Mac has approximately 790 approved lenders
eligible to participate in Farmer Mac's Farm & Ranch line of business, ranging
from single-office to multi-branch institutions, spanning community banks,
mortgage companies, commercial banks and insurance companies.

   USDA Guarantees

   Farmer Mac II LLC, a subsidiary of Farmer Mac, purchases the portions of
certain agricultural, rural development, business and industry, and community
facilities loans guaranteed by the USDA. Farmer Mac refers to the
USDA-guaranteed portions of loans as USDA Securities. Farmer Mac II LLC also
purchases USDA Securities in exchange for issuing securities to third-parties
backed by the USDA Securities, which are also guaranteed by Farmer Mac (Farmer
Mac Guaranteed USDA Securities).

   Rural Utilities

   Under the Rural Utilities line of business, Farmer Mac purchases, and
guarantees securities backed by, rural electric and telephone loans made by
lenders organized as cooperatives to borrowers. Farmer Mac's Rural Utilities
line of business includes purchases of eligible rural utilities loans and
guarantees of securities backed by the loans.

   Institutional Credit

   Under the Institutional Credit line of business, Farmer Mac provides advances
against eligible loans by guaranteeing and purchasing general obligations of
institutions approved by Farmer Mac, which obligations are also secured by a
pool of guaranteed securities or the types of loans eligible for an over one of
Farmer Mac's other lines of business. AgVantage is the name used to designate
Farmer Mac's guarantees of securities related to the general obligations of
lenders that are secured by pools of eligible loans and that consist of the
Institutional Credit line of business.

   The Company competes with FCS, Federal Home Loan Banks, Fannie Mae and
Freddie Mac.

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
522294 - Secondary Market Financing
PRIMARY SIC:
6111 - Federal & Fed.-Sponsored Credit
SECONDARY SIC:
6159 - Misc Business Credit Institutions
COMPETITORS:

     ·    Annaly Capital Management, Inc.
     ·    AGNC Investment Corp
     ·    Green Dot Corporation
     ·    Hatteras Financial Corp.
     ·    International Card Establishment, Inc.


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2016

MOST RECENT EXCHANGE RATE:  1.0
CHART OF ACCOUNTS:  Industry
ACCOUNTING STANDARD:  U.S. GAAP
LATEST AVAILABLE ANNUAL:  20170327

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Cash & Equivalents                     265,229       1,210,084       1,363,387
Cash and Short Term                    265,229       1,210,084       1,363,387
Investments
Receivables - Other                    161,653         152,889         146,336
Total Receivables, Net                 161,653         152,889         146,336
Prepaid Expenses                        86,322          47,780          55,413
LT Investments - Other              11,681,346      10,827,567       9,857,099
Long Term Investments               11,681,346      10,827,567       9,857,099
Note Receivable - Long Term            (5,415)         (4,480)         (5,864)
Defered Income Tax - Long Term          12,291          42,916          33,391
Asset
Other Long Term Assets, Total           12,291          42,916          33,391
Other Assets                         3,404,594       3,263,598       2,838,059
Other Assets, Total                  3,404,594       3,263,598       2,838,059
Total Assets                        15,606,020      15,540,354      14,287,821



LIABILITIES ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Payable/Accrued                          9,415          29,089          81,252
Accrued Expenses                        49,700          47,621          48,355
Current Port. of LT                  8,440,123       9,111,461       7,353,953
Debt/Capital Leases
Long Term Debt                       6,365,681       5,680,572       5,895,400
Total Long Term Debt                 6,365,681       5,680,572       5,895,400
Total Debt                          14,805,804      14,792,033      13,249,353
Minority Interest                          222             203         236,028
Other Liabilities                       97,454         117,891         127,032
Other Liabilities, Total                97,454         117,891         127,032
Total Liabilities                   14,962,595      14,986,837      13,742,020



EQUITY ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Redeemable Preferred Stock             204,759         204,759         204,759
Redeemable Preferred Stock,            204,759         204,759         204,759
Total
Common Stock                            10,539          10,687          10,937
Common Stock, Total                     10,539          10,687          10,937
Additional Paid-In Capital             118,655         117,862         113,559
Retained Earnings (Accumulated         275,714         231,228         201,013
Deficit)
Other Comprehensive Income              33,758        (11,019)          15,533
Other Equity, Total                     33,758        (11,019)          15,533
Total Equity                           643,425         553,517         545,801
Total Liabilities &                 15,606,020      15,540,354      14,287,821
Shareholders' Equity
Shares Outs - Common Stock               9,007           9,156           9,406
Primary Issue
Total Common Shares                     10,539          10,687          10,937
Outstanding
Total Preferred Shares                   8,400           8,400           8,400
Outstanding



SUPPLEMENTAL ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Shares Outstanding - Common                  1               1               1
Issue 2
Shares Outstanding - Common                  1               1               1
Issue 3
Shares Outstanding - Preferred               2               2               2
Issue 1
Shares Outstanding - Preferred               3               3               3
Issue 2
Shares Outstanding - Preferred               3               3               3
Issue 3



FOOTNOTE
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Full-Time Employees                         81              71              71
Number of Common Shareholders            1,944           1,979           2,026
Non-Curr Derivative Liab.               58,152          77,199          84,844
Hedging, Suppl



RATIOS
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Net Debt Incl. Pref.Stock &         14,745,556      13,786,911      12,326,753
Min.Interest('000 USD)
Tangible Book Value, Common            438,666         348,758         341,042
Equity('000 USD)
Tangible Book Value per Share,              42              33              31
Common Eq (USD)



FOOTNOTE DEBT ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Total Long Term Debt,                    5,223           4,967           5,471
Supplemental
Long Term Debt Maturing within           1,733           1,201           1,570
1 Year
Long Term Debt Maturing in               1,284           1,539           1,219
Year 2
Long Term Debt Maturing in                 495             520             682
Year 3
Long Term Debt Maturing in                 602             530             873
Year 4
Long Term Debt Maturing in 2-3           1,779           2,060           1,901
Years
Long Term Debt Maturing in 4-5             602             530             873
Years
Long Term Debt Matur. in Year            1,109           1,177           1,127
6 & Beyond
Total Operating Leases,                     11              13              14
Supplemental
Operating Lease Payments Due                 1               1               1
in Year 1
Operating Lease Payments Due                 1               1               1
in Year 2
Operating Lease Payments Due                 1               1               1
in Year 3
Operating Lease Payments Due                 1               1               1
in Year 4
Operating Lease Payments Due                 1               1               1
in Year 5
Operating Lease Pymts. Due in                3               3               3
2-3 Years
Operating Lease Pymts. Due in                3               3               3
4-5 Years
Oper. Lse. Pymts. Due in Year                4               6               7
6 & Beyond

* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Net Sales                              311,900         264,823         241,067
Revenue                                311,900         264,823         241,067
Total Revenue                          311,900         264,823         241,067
Cost of Revenue                        171,626         139,016         170,720
Cost of Revenue, Total                 171,626         139,016         170,720
Gross Profit                           140,274         125,807          70,347
Selling/General/Administrative          17,611          15,615          14,688
Expense
Labor & Related Expense                 22,772          22,047          19,009
Selling/General/Admin.                  40,383          37,662          33,697
Expenses, Total
Other Operating Expense                  1,002             208         (3,166)
Other, Net                            (16,691)        (16,382)        (16,408)
Other Operating Expenses,             (15,689)        (16,174)        (19,574)
Total
Total Operating Expense                196,320         160,504         184,843
Operating Income                       115,580         104,319          56,224
Investment Income -                      3,762           3,760          16,745
Non-Operating
Interest/Invest Income -                 3,762           3,760          16,745
Non-Operating
Interest                                 3,762           3,760          16,745
Inc.(Exp.),Net-Non-Op., Total
Gain (Loss) on Sale of Assets               15             (1)             137
Net Income Before Taxes                119,357         108,078          73,106
Provision for Income Taxes              42,057          34,239           2,824
Net Income After Taxes                  77,300          73,839          70,282
Minority Interest                           34         (5,139)        (22,192)
Net Income Before Extra. Items          77,334          68,700          48,090
Preferred Dividends                   (13,182)        (13,182)         (9,839)
Income Available to Com Excl            64,152          47,371          38,251
ExtraOrd
Basic Weighted Average Shares           10,477          10,949          10,920
Basic EPS Excluding                          6               4               4
Extraordinary Items
Diluted Weighted Average                10,745          11,309          11,367
Shares
Diluted EPS Excluding ExtraOrd               6               4               3
Items
DPS - Common Stock Primary                   1               1               1
Issue



EXTRAORDINARY ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Net Income                              77,334          68,700          48,090
Income Available to Com Incl            64,152          47,371          38,251
ExtraOrd



NORMALIZED ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Total Special Items                       (15)               1           (137)
Normalized Income Before Taxes         119,342         108,079          72,969
Effect of Special Items on                 (5)               0             (5)
Income Taxes
Inc Tax Ex Impact of Sp Items           42,052          34,239           2,819
Normalized Income After Taxes           77,290          73,840          70,150
Normalized Inc. Avail to Com.           64,142          47,372          38,119
Basic Normalized EPS                         6               4               3
Diluted Normalized EPS                       6               4               3



RATIOS
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Gross Margin                                45              48              29
Operating Margin                            37              39              23
Pretax Margin                               38              41              30
Effective Tax Rate                          35              32               4
Net Profit Margin                           21              18              16
Normalized EBIT('000 USD)              115,580         104,319          56,224



FOOTNOTE TAX ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Current Tax - Domestic                  37,954          30,247           9,803
Current Tax - Total                     37,954          30,247           9,803
Deferred Tax - Domestic                  4,103           3,992         (6,979)
Deferred Tax - Total                     4,103           3,992         (6,979)
Income Tax - Total                      42,057          34,239           2,824



FOOTNOTE PENSION ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Defined Contribution Expense -           1,300           1,200           1,200
Domestic
Total Pension Expense                    1,300           1,200           1,200



SUPPLEMENTAL ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Basic EPS Including                          6               4               4
Extraordinary Items
Diluted Net Income                          64              47              38
Diluted EPS Including ExtraOrd               6               4               3
Items
Dividends per Share - Com                    1               1               1
Stock Issue 2
Gross Dividends - Common Stock              11               7               6



FOOTNOTE
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Stock-Based Compensation,                3,343           3,269           2,859
Supplemental
Interest Expense, Supplemental         171,626         139,016         170,720
Interest Expense (Financial            171,626         139,016         170,720
Oper), Suppl
Rental Expense, Supplemental             1,300           1,300           1,300
Labor & Related Expense Suppl.          22,772          22,047          19,009
Minority Interest,                          34         (5,139)        (22,192)
Supplemental

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Net Income/Starting Line                77,300          73,839          70,282
Deferred Taxes                           4,103           3,992         (6,979)
Unusual Items                              (6)             (8)             101
Other Non-Cash Items                    95,143         105,531         135,453
Non-Cash Items                          95,137         105,523         135,554
Other Assets                            34,956           1,901        (34,849)
Accrued Expenses                         2,079           (734)         (5,417)
Other Liabilities                      (4,987)           (166)         (3,539)
Changes in Working Capital              32,048           1,001        (43,805)
Cash from Operating Activities         208,588         184,355         155,052
Sale/Maturity of Investment          4,758,730       3,188,031       3,765,145
Purchase of Investments            (5,352,434)     (4,438,563)     (3,850,734)
Other Investing Cash Flow                  295             (1)           1,927
Other Investing Cash Flow            (593,409)     (1,250,533)        (83,662)
Items, Total
Cash from Investing Activities       (593,409)     (1,250,533)        (83,662)
Other Financing Cash Flow                1,481         (5,019)        (27,966)
Financing Cash Flow Items                1,481         (5,019)        (27,966)
Total Cash Dividends Paid             (24,067)        (20,182)        (13,996)
Sale/Issuance of Common                    553           1,689             244
Common Stock, Net                      (8,733)         (8,631)             244
Issuance (Retirement) of               (8,733)       (252,631)         146,670
Stock, Net
Long Term Debt Issued              101,555,483     101,505,327      41,933,717
Long Term Debt Reduction         (102,084,198)   (100,314,620)    (41,495,741)
Long Term Debt, Net                  (528,715)       1,190,707         437,976
Issuance (Retirement) of Debt,       (528,715)       1,190,707         437,976
Net
Cash from Financing Activities       (560,034)         912,875         542,684
Net Change in Cash                   (944,855)       (153,303)         614,074
Net Cash - Beginning Balance         1,210,084       1,363,387         749,313
Net Cash - Ending Balance              265,229       1,210,084       1,363,387
Cash Interest Paid                     110,609         108,254         171,644
Cash Taxes Paid                         29,500          31,000          12,750

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY SPECIFIC:


Balance Sheet
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,606,020
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                       15,606,020
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         15,573,190
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         438,666
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        438,666
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        348,758
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         265,229
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                         265,229
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                         14,962,590
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                       14,962,590
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                       6,365,681
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                      6,365,681
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        161,653
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            161,653
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            643,425
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          643,425
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                      14,805,800
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          14,805,800
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                        24,067
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       184,521
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          83,685
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           184,521
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                        19,413
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        25
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     96
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .02
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .02
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     1,017,105,000
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         1,425,585,000
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       954,321,000
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             1.98
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 2.26
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   1.98
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                         4,103,947.00
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                             4,022,923.00
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                               3,850,617.00
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                         11,349.46
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             30,751.31
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                               48,538.70
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  40.79
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      40.79
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                       1,026.27
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           41.20
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               41.20
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             12.58
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    16.97
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 14.78
Payout ratio - most recent quarter                                        10.76
Payout ratio - trailing 12 month                                          16.97
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               83.03
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                   89.24
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     83.03
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         94.87
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             94.87
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             95.83
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            95.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                      2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                          2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                       2,672.37
year ago
Current EBITDA/EV                                                           .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                   .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                   .75
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                         .42
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                     .42
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  15.12
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             76.99
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              54.66
EPS Change % - year over year                                             42.53
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                43.03
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                   8.35
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   36.15
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          42.72
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            8.13
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -2.33
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -3.70
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          69.41
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       55.62
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  35.42
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      35.42
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            36.01
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     11.87
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         20.25
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           2.15
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            17.78
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          17.78
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               2.24
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                2.57
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                2.68
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         11.39
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -12.74
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                       171,626
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                            44,528
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                        171,626
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                           77,300
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         28,789
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                          77,300
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                           77,290
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         119,357
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        44,582
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         119,357
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          119,342
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               115,580
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    29,666
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           104,319
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   29,666
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    115,580
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                        171,626
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        44,528
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         171,626
Net Income available to common - most recent                             64,152
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                             25,465
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                             64,152
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                        64,142
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            311,900
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 81,241
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            264,823
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  311,900
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 25.82
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        35.24
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     31.68
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            35.42
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              35.24
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          42,057
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              15,793
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                42,057
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                         77,334
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                         77,334
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 5,981
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                             77,290
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .56
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                               .50
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .73
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                                .50
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                                .50
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 16.55
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             16.29
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            24.48
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              13.73
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              16.29
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      1.27
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             1.15
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 1.68
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   1.15
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           25,167
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          25,167
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           10,756
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            6,123
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            2,422
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           4,326
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 6,118
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            5,970
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                          17,173
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                            14,517
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          7,108
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                           30,986
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            7,810
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         4,934
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                             17,172
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           604,037
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          604,037
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            29,027
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         30,411
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  7,582
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             29,027
Historical Relative P/E                                                   95.98
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.30
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              9.36
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                            7.77
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.55
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          46.55
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            4.63
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                    9.59
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     5.34
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             9.44
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    9.44
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .97
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            3.25
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.25
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.92
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.84
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.33
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.92
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .93
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .93
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .94
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .94
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             36.66
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    37.06
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          37.06
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 44.97
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 47.51
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             42.72
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        45.19
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          44.97
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        29.18
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          24.78
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          27.88
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                 35.44
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             27.88
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   24.78
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             37.06
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             39.39
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         36.77
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    36.52
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      37.06
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                38.27
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                40.81
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            39.34
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       54.88
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         38.27
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            12.95
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           13.45
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             12.95
Float                                                                      9.78
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        600,262
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             11.31
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            10.75
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          10.74
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         10.72
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            10.69
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              10.55
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         10.95
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            10.48
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.48
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.52
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            92.68



Cash Flow
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,606,020
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                       15,606,020
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         15,573,190
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         438,666
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        438,666
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        348,758
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         265,229
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                         265,229
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                         14,962,590
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                       14,962,590
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                       6,365,681
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                      6,365,681
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        161,653
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            161,653
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            643,425
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          643,425
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                      14,805,800
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          14,805,800
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                        24,067
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       184,521
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          83,685
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           184,521
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                        19,413
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        25
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     96
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .02
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .02
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     1,017,105,000
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         1,425,585,000
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       954,321,000
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             1.98
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 2.26
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   1.98
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                         4,103,947.00
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                             4,022,923.00
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                               3,850,617.00
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                         11,349.46
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             30,751.31
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                               48,538.70
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  40.79
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      40.79
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                       1,026.27
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           41.20
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               41.20
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             12.58
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    16.97
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 14.78
Payout ratio - most recent quarter                                        10.76
Payout ratio - trailing 12 month                                          16.97
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               83.03
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                   89.24
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     83.03
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         94.87
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             94.87
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             95.83
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            95.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                      2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                          2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                       2,672.37
year ago
Current EBITDA/EV                                                           .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                   .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                   .75
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                         .42
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                     .42
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  15.12
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             76.99
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              54.66
EPS Change % - year over year                                             42.53
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                43.03
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                   8.35
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   36.15
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          42.72
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            8.13
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -2.33
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -3.70
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          69.41
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       55.62
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  35.42
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      35.42
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            36.01
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     11.87
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         20.25
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           2.15
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            17.78
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          17.78
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               2.24
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                2.57
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                2.68
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         11.39
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -12.74
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                       171,626
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                            44,528
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                        171,626
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                           77,300
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         28,789
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                          77,300
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                           77,290
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         119,357
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        44,582
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         119,357
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          119,342
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               115,580
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    29,666
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           104,319
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   29,666
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    115,580
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                        171,626
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        44,528
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         171,626
Net Income available to common - most recent                             64,152
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                             25,465
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                             64,152
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                        64,142
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            311,900
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 81,241
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            264,823
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  311,900
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 25.82
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        35.24
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     31.68
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            35.42
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              35.24
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          42,057
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              15,793
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                42,057
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                         77,334
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                         77,334
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 5,981
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                             77,290
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .56
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                               .50
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .73
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                                .50
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                                .50
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 16.55
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             16.29
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            24.48
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              13.73
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              16.29
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      1.27
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             1.15
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 1.68
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   1.15
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           25,167
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          25,167
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           10,756
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            6,123
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            2,422
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           4,326
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 6,118
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            5,970
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                          17,173
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                            14,517
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          7,108
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                           30,986
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            7,810
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         4,934
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                             17,172
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           604,037
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          604,037
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            29,027
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         30,411
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  7,582
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             29,027
Historical Relative P/E                                                   95.98
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.30
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              9.36
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                            7.77
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.55
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          46.55
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            4.63
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                    9.59
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     5.34
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             9.44
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    9.44
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .97
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            3.25
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.25
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.92
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.84
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.33
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.92
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .93
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .93
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .94
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .94
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             36.66
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    37.06
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          37.06
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 44.97
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 47.51
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             42.72
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        45.19
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          44.97
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        29.18
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          24.78
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          27.88
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                 35.44
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             27.88
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   24.78
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             37.06
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             39.39
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         36.77
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    36.52
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      37.06
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                38.27
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                40.81
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            39.34
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       54.88
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         38.27
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            12.95
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           13.45
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             12.95
Float                                                                      9.78
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        600,262
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             11.31
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            10.75
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          10.74
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         10.72
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            10.69
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              10.55
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         10.95
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            10.48
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.48
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.52
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            92.68



Descriptive
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,606,020
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                       15,606,020
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         15,573,190
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         438,666
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        438,666
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        348,758
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         265,229
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                         265,229
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                         14,962,590
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                       14,962,590
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                       6,365,681
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                      6,365,681
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        161,653
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            161,653
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            643,425
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          643,425
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                      14,805,800
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          14,805,800
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                        24,067
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       184,521
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          83,685
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           184,521
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                        19,413
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        25
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     96
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .02
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .02
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     1,017,105,000
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         1,425,585,000
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       954,321,000
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             1.98
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 2.26
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   1.98
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                         4,103,947.00
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                             4,022,923.00
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                               3,850,617.00
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                         11,349.46
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             30,751.31
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                               48,538.70
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  40.79
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      40.79
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                       1,026.27
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           41.20
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               41.20
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             12.58
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    16.97
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 14.78
Payout ratio - most recent quarter                                        10.76
Payout ratio - trailing 12 month                                          16.97
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               83.03
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                   89.24
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     83.03
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         94.87
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             94.87
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             95.83
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            95.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                      2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                          2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                       2,672.37
year ago
Current EBITDA/EV                                                           .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                   .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                   .75
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                         .42
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                     .42
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  15.12
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             76.99
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              54.66
EPS Change % - year over year                                             42.53
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                43.03
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                   8.35
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   36.15
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          42.72
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            8.13
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -2.33
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -3.70
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          69.41
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       55.62
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  35.42
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      35.42
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            36.01
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     11.87
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         20.25
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           2.15
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            17.78
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          17.78
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               2.24
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                2.57
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                2.68
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         11.39
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -12.74
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                       171,626
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                            44,528
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                        171,626
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                           77,300
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         28,789
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                          77,300
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                           77,290
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         119,357
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        44,582
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         119,357
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          119,342
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               115,580
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    29,666
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           104,319
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   29,666
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    115,580
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                        171,626
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        44,528
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         171,626
Net Income available to common - most recent                             64,152
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                             25,465
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                             64,152
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                        64,142
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            311,900
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 81,241
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            264,823
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  311,900
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 25.82
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        35.24
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     31.68
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            35.42
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              35.24
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          42,057
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              15,793
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                42,057
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                         77,334
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                         77,334
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 5,981
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                             77,290
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .56
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                               .50
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .73
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                                .50
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                                .50
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 16.55
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             16.29
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            24.48
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              13.73
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              16.29
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      1.27
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             1.15
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 1.68
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   1.15
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           25,167
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          25,167
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           10,756
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            6,123
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            2,422
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           4,326
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 6,118
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            5,970
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                          17,173
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                            14,517
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          7,108
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                           30,986
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            7,810
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         4,934
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                             17,172
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           604,037
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          604,037
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            29,027
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         30,411
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  7,582
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             29,027
Historical Relative P/E                                                   95.98
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.30
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              9.36
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                            7.77
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.55
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          46.55
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            4.63
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                    9.59
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     5.34
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             9.44
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    9.44
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .97
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            3.25
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.25
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.92
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.84
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.33
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.92
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .93
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .93
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .94
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .94
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             36.66
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    37.06
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          37.06
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 44.97
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 47.51
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             42.72
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        45.19
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          44.97
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        29.18
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          24.78
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          27.88
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                 35.44
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             27.88
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   24.78
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             37.06
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             39.39
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         36.77
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    36.52
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      37.06
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                38.27
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                40.81
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            39.34
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       54.88
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         38.27
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            12.95
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           13.45
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             12.95
Float                                                                      9.78
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        600,262
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             11.31
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            10.75
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          10.74
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         10.72
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            10.69
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              10.55
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         10.95
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            10.48
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.48
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.52
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            92.68



Efficiency Ratios
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,606,020
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                       15,606,020
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         15,573,190
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         438,666
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        438,666
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        348,758
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         265,229
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                         265,229
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                         14,962,590
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                       14,962,590
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                       6,365,681
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                      6,365,681
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        161,653
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            161,653
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            643,425
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          643,425
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                      14,805,800
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          14,805,800
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                        24,067
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       184,521
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          83,685
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           184,521
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                        19,413
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        25
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     96
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .02
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .02
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     1,017,105,000
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         1,425,585,000
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       954,321,000
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             1.98
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 2.26
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   1.98
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                         4,103,947.00
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                             4,022,923.00
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                               3,850,617.00
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                         11,349.46
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             30,751.31
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                               48,538.70
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  40.79
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      40.79
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                       1,026.27
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           41.20
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               41.20
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             12.58
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    16.97
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 14.78
Payout ratio - most recent quarter                                        10.76
Payout ratio - trailing 12 month                                          16.97
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               83.03
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                   89.24
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     83.03
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         94.87
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             94.87
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             95.83
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            95.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                      2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                          2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                       2,672.37
year ago
Current EBITDA/EV                                                           .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                   .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                   .75
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                         .42
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                     .42
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  15.12
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             76.99
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              54.66
EPS Change % - year over year                                             42.53
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                43.03
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                   8.35
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   36.15
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          42.72
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            8.13
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -2.33
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -3.70
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          69.41
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       55.62
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  35.42
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      35.42
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            36.01
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     11.87
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         20.25
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           2.15
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            17.78
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          17.78
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               2.24
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                2.57
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                2.68
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         11.39
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -12.74
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                       171,626
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                            44,528
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                        171,626
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                           77,300
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         28,789
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                          77,300
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                           77,290
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         119,357
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        44,582
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         119,357
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          119,342
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               115,580
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    29,666
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           104,319
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   29,666
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    115,580
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                        171,626
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        44,528
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         171,626
Net Income available to common - most recent                             64,152
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                             25,465
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                             64,152
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                        64,142
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            311,900
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 81,241
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            264,823
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  311,900
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 25.82
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        35.24
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     31.68
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            35.42
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              35.24
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          42,057
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              15,793
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                42,057
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                         77,334
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                         77,334
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 5,981
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                             77,290
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .56
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                               .50
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .73
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                                .50
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                                .50
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 16.55
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             16.29
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            24.48
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              13.73
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              16.29
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      1.27
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             1.15
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 1.68
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   1.15
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           25,167
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          25,167
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           10,756
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            6,123
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            2,422
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           4,326
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 6,118
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            5,970
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                          17,173
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                            14,517
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          7,108
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                           30,986
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            7,810
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         4,934
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                             17,172
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           604,037
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          604,037
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            29,027
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         30,411
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  7,582
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             29,027
Historical Relative P/E                                                   95.98
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.30
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              9.36
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                            7.77
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.55
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          46.55
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            4.63
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                    9.59
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     5.34
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             9.44
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    9.44
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .97
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            3.25
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.25
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.92
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.84
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.33
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.92
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .93
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .93
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .94
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .94
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             36.66
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    37.06
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          37.06
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 44.97
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 47.51
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             42.72
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        45.19
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          44.97
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        29.18
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          24.78
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          27.88
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                 35.44
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             27.88
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   24.78
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             37.06
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             39.39
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         36.77
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    36.52
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      37.06
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                38.27
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                40.81
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            39.34
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       54.88
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         38.27
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            12.95
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           13.45
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             12.95
Float                                                                      9.78
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        600,262
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             11.31
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            10.75
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          10.74
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         10.72
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            10.69
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              10.55
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         10.95
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            10.48
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.48
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.52
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            92.68



Financial Strength
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,606,020
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                       15,606,020
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         15,573,190
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         438,666
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        438,666
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        348,758
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         265,229
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                         265,229
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                         14,962,590
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                       14,962,590
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                       6,365,681
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                      6,365,681
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        161,653
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            161,653
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            643,425
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          643,425
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                      14,805,800
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          14,805,800
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                        24,067
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       184,521
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          83,685
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           184,521
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                        19,413
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        25
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     96
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .02
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .02
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     1,017,105,000
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         1,425,585,000
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       954,321,000
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             1.98
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 2.26
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   1.98
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                         4,103,947.00
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                             4,022,923.00
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                               3,850,617.00
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                         11,349.46
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             30,751.31
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                               48,538.70
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  40.79
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      40.79
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                       1,026.27
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           41.20
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               41.20
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             12.58
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    16.97
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 14.78
Payout ratio - most recent quarter                                        10.76
Payout ratio - trailing 12 month                                          16.97
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               83.03
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                   89.24
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     83.03
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         94.87
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             94.87
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             95.83
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            95.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                      2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                          2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                       2,672.37
year ago
Current EBITDA/EV                                                           .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                   .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                   .75
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                         .42
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                     .42
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  15.12
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             76.99
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              54.66
EPS Change % - year over year                                             42.53
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                43.03
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                   8.35
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   36.15
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          42.72
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            8.13
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -2.33
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -3.70
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          69.41
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       55.62
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  35.42
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      35.42
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            36.01
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     11.87
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         20.25
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           2.15
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            17.78
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          17.78
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               2.24
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                2.57
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                2.68
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         11.39
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -12.74
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                       171,626
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                            44,528
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                        171,626
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                           77,300
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         28,789
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                          77,300
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                           77,290
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         119,357
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        44,582
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         119,357
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          119,342
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               115,580
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    29,666
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           104,319
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   29,666
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    115,580
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                        171,626
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        44,528
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         171,626
Net Income available to common - most recent                             64,152
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                             25,465
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                             64,152
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                        64,142
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            311,900
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 81,241
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            264,823
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  311,900
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 25.82
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        35.24
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     31.68
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            35.42
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              35.24
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          42,057
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              15,793
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                42,057
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                         77,334
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                         77,334
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 5,981
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                             77,290
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .56
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                               .50
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .73
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                                .50
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                                .50
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 16.55
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             16.29
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            24.48
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              13.73
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              16.29
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      1.27
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             1.15
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 1.68
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   1.15
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           25,167
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          25,167
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           10,756
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            6,123
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            2,422
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           4,326
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 6,118
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            5,970
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                          17,173
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                            14,517
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          7,108
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                           30,986
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            7,810
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         4,934
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                             17,172
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           604,037
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          604,037
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            29,027
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         30,411
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  7,582
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             29,027
Historical Relative P/E                                                   95.98
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.30
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              9.36
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                            7.77
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.55
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          46.55
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            4.63
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                    9.59
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     5.34
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             9.44
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    9.44
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .97
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            3.25
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.25
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.92
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.84
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.33
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.92
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .93
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .93
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .94
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .94
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             36.66
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    37.06
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          37.06
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 44.97
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 47.51
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             42.72
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        45.19
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          44.97
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        29.18
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          24.78
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          27.88
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                 35.44
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             27.88
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   24.78
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             37.06
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             39.39
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         36.77
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    36.52
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      37.06
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                38.27
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                40.81
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            39.34
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       54.88
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         38.27
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            12.95
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           13.45
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             12.95
Float                                                                      9.78
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        600,262
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             11.31
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            10.75
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          10.74
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         10.72
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            10.69
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              10.55
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         10.95
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            10.48
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.48
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.52
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            92.68



Growth Rates
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,606,020
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                       15,606,020
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         15,573,190
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         438,666
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        438,666
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        348,758
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         265,229
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                         265,229
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                         14,962,590
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                       14,962,590
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                       6,365,681
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                      6,365,681
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        161,653
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            161,653
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            643,425
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          643,425
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                      14,805,800
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          14,805,800
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                        24,067
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       184,521
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          83,685
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           184,521
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                        19,413
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        25
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     96
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .02
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .02
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     1,017,105,000
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         1,425,585,000
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       954,321,000
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             1.98
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 2.26
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   1.98
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                         4,103,947.00
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                             4,022,923.00
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                               3,850,617.00
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                         11,349.46
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             30,751.31
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                               48,538.70
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  40.79
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      40.79
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                       1,026.27
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           41.20
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               41.20
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             12.58
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    16.97
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 14.78
Payout ratio - most recent quarter                                        10.76
Payout ratio - trailing 12 month                                          16.97
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               83.03
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                   89.24
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     83.03
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         94.87
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             94.87
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             95.83
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            95.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                      2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                          2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                       2,672.37
year ago
Current EBITDA/EV                                                           .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                   .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                   .75
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                         .42
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                     .42
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  15.12
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             76.99
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              54.66
EPS Change % - year over year                                             42.53
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                43.03
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                   8.35
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   36.15
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          42.72
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            8.13
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -2.33
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -3.70
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          69.41
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       55.62
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  35.42
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      35.42
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            36.01
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     11.87
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         20.25
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           2.15
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            17.78
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          17.78
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               2.24
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                2.57
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                2.68
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         11.39
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -12.74
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                       171,626
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                            44,528
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                        171,626
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                           77,300
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         28,789
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                          77,300
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                           77,290
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         119,357
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        44,582
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         119,357
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          119,342
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               115,580
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    29,666
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           104,319
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   29,666
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    115,580
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                        171,626
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        44,528
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         171,626
Net Income available to common - most recent                             64,152
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                             25,465
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                             64,152
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                        64,142
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            311,900
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 81,241
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            264,823
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  311,900
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 25.82
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        35.24
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     31.68
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            35.42
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              35.24
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          42,057
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              15,793
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                42,057
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                         77,334
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                         77,334
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 5,981
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                             77,290
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .56
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                               .50
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .73
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                                .50
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                                .50
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 16.55
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             16.29
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            24.48
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              13.73
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              16.29
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      1.27
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             1.15
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 1.68
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   1.15
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           25,167
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          25,167
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           10,756
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            6,123
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            2,422
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           4,326
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 6,118
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            5,970
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                          17,173
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                            14,517
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          7,108
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                           30,986
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            7,810
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         4,934
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                             17,172
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           604,037
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          604,037
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            29,027
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         30,411
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  7,582
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             29,027
Historical Relative P/E                                                   95.98
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.30
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              9.36
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                            7.77
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.55
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          46.55
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            4.63
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                    9.59
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     5.34
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             9.44
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    9.44
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .97
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            3.25
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.25
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.92
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.84
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.33
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.92
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .93
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .93
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .94
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .94
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             36.66
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    37.06
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          37.06
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 44.97
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 47.51
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             42.72
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        45.19
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          44.97
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        29.18
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          24.78
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          27.88
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                 35.44
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             27.88
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   24.78
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             37.06
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             39.39
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         36.77
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    36.52
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      37.06
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                38.27
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                40.81
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            39.34
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       54.88
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         38.27
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            12.95
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           13.45
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             12.95
Float                                                                      9.78
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        600,262
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             11.31
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            10.75
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          10.74
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         10.72
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            10.69
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              10.55
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         10.95
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            10.48
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.48
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.52
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            92.68



Income Statement
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,606,020
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                       15,606,020
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         15,573,190
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         438,666
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        438,666
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        348,758
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         265,229
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                         265,229
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                         14,962,590
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                       14,962,590
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                       6,365,681
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                      6,365,681
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        161,653
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            161,653
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            643,425
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          643,425
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                      14,805,800
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          14,805,800
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                        24,067
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       184,521
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          83,685
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           184,521
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                        19,413
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        25
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     96
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .02
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .02
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     1,017,105,000
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         1,425,585,000
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       954,321,000
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             1.98
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 2.26
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   1.98
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                         4,103,947.00
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                             4,022,923.00
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                               3,850,617.00
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                         11,349.46
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             30,751.31
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                               48,538.70
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  40.79
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      40.79
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                       1,026.27
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           41.20
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               41.20
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             12.58
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    16.97
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 14.78
Payout ratio - most recent quarter                                        10.76
Payout ratio - trailing 12 month                                          16.97
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               83.03
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                   89.24
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     83.03
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         94.87
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             94.87
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             95.83
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            95.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                      2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                          2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                       2,672.37
year ago
Current EBITDA/EV                                                           .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                   .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                   .75
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                         .42
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                     .42
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  15.12
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             76.99
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              54.66
EPS Change % - year over year                                             42.53
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                43.03
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                   8.35
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   36.15
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          42.72
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            8.13
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -2.33
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -3.70
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          69.41
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       55.62
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  35.42
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      35.42
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            36.01
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     11.87
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         20.25
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           2.15
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            17.78
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          17.78
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               2.24
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                2.57
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                2.68
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         11.39
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -12.74
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                       171,626
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                            44,528
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                        171,626
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                           77,300
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         28,789
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                          77,300
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                           77,290
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         119,357
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        44,582
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         119,357
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          119,342
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               115,580
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    29,666
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           104,319
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   29,666
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    115,580
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                        171,626
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        44,528
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         171,626
Net Income available to common - most recent                             64,152
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                             25,465
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                             64,152
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                        64,142
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            311,900
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 81,241
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            264,823
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  311,900
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 25.82
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        35.24
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     31.68
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            35.42
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              35.24
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          42,057
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              15,793
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                42,057
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                         77,334
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                         77,334
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 5,981
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                             77,290
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .56
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                               .50
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .73
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                                .50
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                                .50
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 16.55
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             16.29
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            24.48
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              13.73
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              16.29
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      1.27
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             1.15
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 1.68
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   1.15
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           25,167
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          25,167
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           10,756
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            6,123
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            2,422
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           4,326
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 6,118
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            5,970
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                          17,173
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                            14,517
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          7,108
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                           30,986
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            7,810
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         4,934
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                             17,172
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           604,037
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          604,037
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            29,027
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         30,411
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  7,582
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             29,027
Historical Relative P/E                                                   95.98
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.30
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              9.36
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                            7.77
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.55
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          46.55
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            4.63
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                    9.59
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     5.34
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             9.44
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    9.44
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .97
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            3.25
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.25
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.92
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.84
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.33
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.92
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .93
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .93
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .94
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .94
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             36.66
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    37.06
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          37.06
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 44.97
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 47.51
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             42.72
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        45.19
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          44.97
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        29.18
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          24.78
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          27.88
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                 35.44
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             27.88
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   24.78
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             37.06
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             39.39
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         36.77
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    36.52
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      37.06
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                38.27
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                40.81
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            39.34
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       54.88
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         38.27
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            12.95
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           13.45
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             12.95
Float                                                                      9.78
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        600,262
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             11.31
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            10.75
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          10.74
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         10.72
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            10.69
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              10.55
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         10.95
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            10.48
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.48
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.52
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            92.68



Management Effectiveness
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,606,020
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                       15,606,020
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         15,573,190
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         438,666
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        438,666
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        348,758
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         265,229
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                         265,229
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                         14,962,590
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                       14,962,590
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                       6,365,681
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                      6,365,681
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        161,653
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            161,653
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            643,425
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          643,425
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                      14,805,800
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          14,805,800
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                        24,067
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       184,521
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          83,685
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           184,521
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                        19,413
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        25
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     96
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .02
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .02
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     1,017,105,000
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         1,425,585,000
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       954,321,000
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             1.98
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 2.26
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   1.98
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                         4,103,947.00
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                             4,022,923.00
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                               3,850,617.00
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                         11,349.46
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             30,751.31
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                               48,538.70
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  40.79
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      40.79
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                       1,026.27
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           41.20
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               41.20
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             12.58
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    16.97
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 14.78
Payout ratio - most recent quarter                                        10.76
Payout ratio - trailing 12 month                                          16.97
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               83.03
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                   89.24
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     83.03
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         94.87
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             94.87
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             95.83
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            95.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                      2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                          2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                       2,672.37
year ago
Current EBITDA/EV                                                           .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                   .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                   .75
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                         .42
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                     .42
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  15.12
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             76.99
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              54.66
EPS Change % - year over year                                             42.53
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                43.03
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                   8.35
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   36.15
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          42.72
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            8.13
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -2.33
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -3.70
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          69.41
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       55.62
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  35.42
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      35.42
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            36.01
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     11.87
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         20.25
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           2.15
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            17.78
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          17.78
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               2.24
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                2.57
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                2.68
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         11.39
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -12.74
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                       171,626
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                            44,528
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                        171,626
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                           77,300
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         28,789
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                          77,300
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                           77,290
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         119,357
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        44,582
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         119,357
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          119,342
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               115,580
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    29,666
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           104,319
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   29,666
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    115,580
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                        171,626
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        44,528
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         171,626
Net Income available to common - most recent                             64,152
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                             25,465
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                             64,152
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                        64,142
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            311,900
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 81,241
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            264,823
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  311,900
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 25.82
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        35.24
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     31.68
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            35.42
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              35.24
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          42,057
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              15,793
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                42,057
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                         77,334
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                         77,334
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 5,981
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                             77,290
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .56
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                               .50
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .73
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                                .50
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                                .50
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 16.55
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             16.29
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            24.48
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              13.73
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              16.29
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      1.27
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             1.15
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 1.68
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   1.15
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           25,167
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          25,167
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           10,756
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            6,123
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            2,422
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           4,326
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 6,118
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            5,970
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                          17,173
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                            14,517
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          7,108
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                           30,986
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            7,810
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         4,934
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                             17,172
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           604,037
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          604,037
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            29,027
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         30,411
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  7,582
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             29,027
Historical Relative P/E                                                   95.98
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.30
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              9.36
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                            7.77
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.55
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          46.55
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            4.63
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                    9.59
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     5.34
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             9.44
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    9.44
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .97
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            3.25
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.25
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.92
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.84
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.33
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.92
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .93
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .93
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .94
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .94
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             36.66
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    37.06
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          37.06
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 44.97
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 47.51
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             42.72
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        45.19
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          44.97
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        29.18
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          24.78
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          27.88
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                 35.44
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             27.88
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   24.78
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             37.06
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             39.39
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         36.77
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    36.52
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      37.06
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                38.27
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                40.81
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            39.34
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       54.88
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         38.27
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            12.95
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           13.45
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             12.95
Float                                                                      9.78
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        600,262
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             11.31
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            10.75
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          10.74
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         10.72
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            10.69
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              10.55
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         10.95
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            10.48
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.48
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.52
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            92.68



Per Share Ratios
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,606,020
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                       15,606,020
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         15,573,190
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         438,666
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        438,666
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        348,758
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         265,229
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                         265,229
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                         14,962,590
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                       14,962,590
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                       6,365,681
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                      6,365,681
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        161,653
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            161,653
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            643,425
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          643,425
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                      14,805,800
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          14,805,800
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                        24,067
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       184,521
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          83,685
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           184,521
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                        19,413
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        25
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     96
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .02
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .02
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     1,017,105,000
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         1,425,585,000
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       954,321,000
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             1.98
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 2.26
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   1.98
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                         4,103,947.00
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                             4,022,923.00
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                               3,850,617.00
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                         11,349.46
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             30,751.31
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                               48,538.70
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  40.79
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      40.79
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                       1,026.27
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           41.20
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               41.20
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             12.58
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    16.97
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 14.78
Payout ratio - most recent quarter                                        10.76
Payout ratio - trailing 12 month                                          16.97
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               83.03
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                   89.24
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     83.03
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         94.87
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             94.87
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             95.83
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            95.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                      2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                          2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                       2,672.37
year ago
Current EBITDA/EV                                                           .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                   .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                   .75
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                         .42
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                     .42
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  15.12
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             76.99
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              54.66
EPS Change % - year over year                                             42.53
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                43.03
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                   8.35
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   36.15
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          42.72
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            8.13
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -2.33
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -3.70
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          69.41
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       55.62
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  35.42
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      35.42
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            36.01
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     11.87
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         20.25
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           2.15
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            17.78
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          17.78
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               2.24
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                2.57
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                2.68
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         11.39
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -12.74
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                       171,626
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                            44,528
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                        171,626
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                           77,300
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         28,789
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                          77,300
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                           77,290
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         119,357
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        44,582
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         119,357
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          119,342
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               115,580
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    29,666
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           104,319
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   29,666
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    115,580
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                        171,626
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        44,528
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         171,626
Net Income available to common - most recent                             64,152
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                             25,465
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                             64,152
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                        64,142
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            311,900
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 81,241
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            264,823
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  311,900
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 25.82
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        35.24
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     31.68
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            35.42
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              35.24
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          42,057
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              15,793
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                42,057
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                         77,334
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                         77,334
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 5,981
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                             77,290
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .56
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                               .50
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .73
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                                .50
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                                .50
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 16.55
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             16.29
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            24.48
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              13.73
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              16.29
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      1.27
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             1.15
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 1.68
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   1.15
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           25,167
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          25,167
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           10,756
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            6,123
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            2,422
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           4,326
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 6,118
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            5,970
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                          17,173
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                            14,517
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          7,108
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                           30,986
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            7,810
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         4,934
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                             17,172
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           604,037
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          604,037
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            29,027
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         30,411
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  7,582
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             29,027
Historical Relative P/E                                                   95.98
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.30
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              9.36
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                            7.77
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.55
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          46.55
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            4.63
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                    9.59
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     5.34
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             9.44
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    9.44
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .97
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            3.25
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.25
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.92
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.84
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.33
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.92
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .93
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .93
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .94
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .94
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             36.66
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    37.06
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          37.06
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 44.97
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 47.51
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             42.72
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        45.19
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          44.97
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        29.18
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          24.78
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          27.88
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                 35.44
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             27.88
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   24.78
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             37.06
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             39.39
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         36.77
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    36.52
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      37.06
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                38.27
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                40.81
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            39.34
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       54.88
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         38.27
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            12.95
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           13.45
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             12.95
Float                                                                      9.78
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        600,262
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             11.31
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            10.75
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          10.74
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         10.72
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            10.69
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              10.55
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         10.95
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            10.48
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.48
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.52
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            92.68



Price Related
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,606,020
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                       15,606,020
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         15,573,190
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         438,666
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        438,666
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        348,758
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         265,229
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                         265,229
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                         14,962,590
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                       14,962,590
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                       6,365,681
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                      6,365,681
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        161,653
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            161,653
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            643,425
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          643,425
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                      14,805,800
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          14,805,800
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                        24,067
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       184,521
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          83,685
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           184,521
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                        19,413
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        25
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     96
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .02
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .02
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     1,017,105,000
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         1,425,585,000
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       954,321,000
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             1.98
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 2.26
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   1.98
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                         4,103,947.00
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                             4,022,923.00
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                               3,850,617.00
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                         11,349.46
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             30,751.31
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                               48,538.70
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  40.79
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      40.79
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                       1,026.27
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           41.20
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               41.20
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             12.58
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    16.97
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 14.78
Payout ratio - most recent quarter                                        10.76
Payout ratio - trailing 12 month                                          16.97
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               83.03
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                   89.24
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     83.03
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         94.87
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             94.87
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             95.83
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            95.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                      2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                          2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                       2,672.37
year ago
Current EBITDA/EV                                                           .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                   .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                   .75
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                         .42
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                     .42
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  15.12
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             76.99
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              54.66
EPS Change % - year over year                                             42.53
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                43.03
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                   8.35
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   36.15
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          42.72
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            8.13
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -2.33
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -3.70
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          69.41
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       55.62
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  35.42
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      35.42
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            36.01
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     11.87
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         20.25
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           2.15
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            17.78
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          17.78
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               2.24
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                2.57
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                2.68
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         11.39
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -12.74
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                       171,626
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                            44,528
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                        171,626
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                           77,300
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         28,789
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                          77,300
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                           77,290
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         119,357
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        44,582
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         119,357
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          119,342
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               115,580
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    29,666
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           104,319
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   29,666
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    115,580
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                        171,626
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        44,528
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         171,626
Net Income available to common - most recent                             64,152
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                             25,465
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                             64,152
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                        64,142
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            311,900
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 81,241
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            264,823
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  311,900
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 25.82
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        35.24
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     31.68
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            35.42
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              35.24
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          42,057
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              15,793
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                42,057
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                         77,334
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                         77,334
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 5,981
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                             77,290
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .56
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                               .50
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .73
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                                .50
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                                .50
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 16.55
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             16.29
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            24.48
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              13.73
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              16.29
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      1.27
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             1.15
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 1.68
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   1.15
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           25,167
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          25,167
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           10,756
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            6,123
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            2,422
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           4,326
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 6,118
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            5,970
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                          17,173
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                            14,517
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          7,108
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                           30,986
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            7,810
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         4,934
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                             17,172
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           604,037
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          604,037
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            29,027
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         30,411
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  7,582
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             29,027
Historical Relative P/E                                                   95.98
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.30
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              9.36
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                            7.77
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.55
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          46.55
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            4.63
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                    9.59
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     5.34
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             9.44
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    9.44
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .97
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            3.25
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.25
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.92
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.84
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.33
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.92
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .93
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .93
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .94
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .94
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             36.66
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    37.06
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          37.06
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 44.97
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 47.51
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             42.72
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        45.19
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          44.97
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        29.18
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          24.78
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          27.88
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                 35.44
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             27.88
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   24.78
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             37.06
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             39.39
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         36.77
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    36.52
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      37.06
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                38.27
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                40.81
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            39.34
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       54.88
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         38.27
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            12.95
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           13.45
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             12.95
Float                                                                      9.78
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        600,262
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             11.31
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            10.75
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          10.74
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         10.72
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            10.69
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              10.55
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         10.95
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            10.48
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.48
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.52
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            92.68



Profitability Ratios
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,606,020
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                       15,606,020
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         15,573,190
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         438,666
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        438,666
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        348,758
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         265,229
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                         265,229
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                         14,962,590
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                       14,962,590
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                       6,365,681
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                      6,365,681
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        161,653
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            161,653
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            643,425
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          643,425
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                      14,805,800
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          14,805,800
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                        24,067
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       184,521
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          83,685
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           184,521
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                        19,413
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        25
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     96
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .02
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .02
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     1,017,105,000
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         1,425,585,000
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       954,321,000
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             1.98
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 2.26
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   1.98
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                         4,103,947.00
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                             4,022,923.00
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                               3,850,617.00
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                         11,349.46
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             30,751.31
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                               48,538.70
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  40.79
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      40.79
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                       1,026.27
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           41.20
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               41.20
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             12.58
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    16.97
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 14.78
Payout ratio - most recent quarter                                        10.76
Payout ratio - trailing 12 month                                          16.97
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               83.03
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                   89.24
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     83.03
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         94.87
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             94.87
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             95.83
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            95.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                      2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                          2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                       2,672.37
year ago
Current EBITDA/EV                                                           .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                   .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                   .75
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                         .42
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                     .42
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  15.12
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             76.99
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              54.66
EPS Change % - year over year                                             42.53
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                43.03
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                   8.35
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   36.15
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          42.72
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            8.13
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -2.33
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -3.70
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          69.41
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       55.62
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  35.42
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      35.42
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            36.01
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     11.87
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         20.25
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           2.15
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            17.78
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          17.78
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               2.24
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                2.57
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                2.68
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         11.39
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -12.74
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                       171,626
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                            44,528
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                        171,626
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                           77,300
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         28,789
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                          77,300
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                           77,290
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         119,357
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        44,582
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         119,357
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          119,342
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               115,580
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    29,666
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           104,319
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   29,666
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    115,580
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                        171,626
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        44,528
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         171,626
Net Income available to common - most recent                             64,152
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                             25,465
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                             64,152
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                        64,142
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            311,900
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 81,241
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            264,823
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  311,900
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 25.82
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        35.24
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     31.68
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            35.42
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              35.24
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          42,057
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              15,793
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                42,057
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                         77,334
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                         77,334
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 5,981
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                             77,290
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .56
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                               .50
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .73
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                                .50
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                                .50
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 16.55
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             16.29
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            24.48
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              13.73
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              16.29
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      1.27
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             1.15
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 1.68
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   1.15
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           25,167
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          25,167
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           10,756
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            6,123
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            2,422
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           4,326
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 6,118
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            5,970
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                          17,173
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                            14,517
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          7,108
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                           30,986
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            7,810
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         4,934
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                             17,172
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           604,037
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          604,037
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            29,027
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         30,411
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  7,582
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             29,027
Historical Relative P/E                                                   95.98
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.30
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              9.36
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                            7.77
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.55
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          46.55
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            4.63
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                    9.59
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     5.34
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             9.44
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    9.44
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .97
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            3.25
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.25
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.92
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.84
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.33
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.92
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .93
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .93
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .94
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .94
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             36.66
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    37.06
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          37.06
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 44.97
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 47.51
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             42.72
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        45.19
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          44.97
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        29.18
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          24.78
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          27.88
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                 35.44
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             27.88
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   24.78
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             37.06
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             39.39
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         36.77
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    36.52
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      37.06
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                38.27
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                40.81
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            39.34
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       54.88
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         38.27
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            12.95
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           13.45
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             12.95
Float                                                                      9.78
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        600,262
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             11.31
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            10.75
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          10.74
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         10.72
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            10.69
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              10.55
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         10.95
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            10.48
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.48
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.52
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            92.68



Share Related Items
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,606,020
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                       15,606,020
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         15,573,190
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         438,666
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        438,666
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        348,758
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         265,229
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                         265,229
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                         14,962,590
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                       14,962,590
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                       6,365,681
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                      6,365,681
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        161,653
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            161,653
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            643,425
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          643,425
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                      14,805,800
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          14,805,800
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                        24,067
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       184,521
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          83,685
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           184,521
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                        19,413
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        25
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     96
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .02
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .02
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     1,017,105,000
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         1,425,585,000
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       954,321,000
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             1.98
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 2.26
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   1.98
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                         4,103,947.00
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                             4,022,923.00
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                               3,850,617.00
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                         11,349.46
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             30,751.31
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                               48,538.70
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  40.79
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      40.79
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                       1,026.27
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           41.20
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               41.20
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             12.58
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    16.97
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 14.78
Payout ratio - most recent quarter                                        10.76
Payout ratio - trailing 12 month                                          16.97
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               83.03
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                   89.24
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     83.03
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         94.87
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             94.87
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             95.83
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            95.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                      2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                          2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                       2,672.37
year ago
Current EBITDA/EV                                                           .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                   .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                   .75
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                         .42
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                     .42
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  15.12
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             76.99
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              54.66
EPS Change % - year over year                                             42.53
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                43.03
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                   8.35
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   36.15
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          42.72
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            8.13
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -2.33
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -3.70
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          69.41
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       55.62
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  35.42
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      35.42
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            36.01
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     11.87
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         20.25
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           2.15
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            17.78
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          17.78
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               2.24
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                2.57
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                2.68
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         11.39
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -12.74
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                       171,626
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                            44,528
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                        171,626
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                           77,300
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         28,789
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                          77,300
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                           77,290
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         119,357
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        44,582
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         119,357
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          119,342
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               115,580
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    29,666
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           104,319
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   29,666
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    115,580
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                        171,626
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        44,528
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         171,626
Net Income available to common - most recent                             64,152
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                             25,465
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                             64,152
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                        64,142
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            311,900
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 81,241
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            264,823
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  311,900
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 25.82
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        35.24
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     31.68
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            35.42
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              35.24
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          42,057
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              15,793
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                42,057
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                         77,334
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                         77,334
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 5,981
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                             77,290
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .56
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                               .50
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .73
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                                .50
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                                .50
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 16.55
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             16.29
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            24.48
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              13.73
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              16.29
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      1.27
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             1.15
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 1.68
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   1.15
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           25,167
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          25,167
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           10,756
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            6,123
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            2,422
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           4,326
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 6,118
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            5,970
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                          17,173
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                            14,517
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          7,108
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                           30,986
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            7,810
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         4,934
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                             17,172
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           604,037
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          604,037
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            29,027
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         30,411
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  7,582
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             29,027
Historical Relative P/E                                                   95.98
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.30
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              9.36
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                            7.77
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.55
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          46.55
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            4.63
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                    9.59
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     5.34
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             9.44
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    9.44
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .97
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            3.25
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.25
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.92
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.84
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.33
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.92
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .93
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .93
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .94
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .94
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             36.66
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    37.06
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          37.06
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 44.97
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 47.51
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             42.72
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        45.19
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          44.97
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        29.18
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          24.78
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          27.88
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                 35.44
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             27.88
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   24.78
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             37.06
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             39.39
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         36.77
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    36.52
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      37.06
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                38.27
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                40.81
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            39.34
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       54.88
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         38.27
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            12.95
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           13.45
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             12.95
Float                                                                      9.78
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        600,262
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             11.31
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            10.75
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          10.74
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         10.72
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            10.69
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              10.55
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         10.95
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            10.48
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.48
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.52
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            92.68

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
SECURITY TYPE: Ordinary Shares Class C
EXCHANGE: New York Stock Exchange
STOCK INDEX: TR Equity United States Index
TOTAL SHARES OUTSTANDING: 10,538,562
NUMBER OF SHAREHOLDERS: 1,944
LISTING TYPE:  Ordinary Shares

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP


COUNTRY AND REGIONAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION


('000 USD)
                                                  12/31/201 12/31/201 12/31/201
                                                  6         5         4
Farm & Ranch                   External Revenue   47,219    90,578    78,934
Farm & Ranch                   Total Revenue      47,219    90,578    78,934
Farm & Ranch                   Income Before Tax  39,261    37,836    35,678
Farm & Ranch                   Pre-Tax Margin (%) 83,147    41,772    45,200
Farm & Ranch                   Income Tax - Total 13,743    13,188    12,486
Farm & Ranch                   Income After Tax   25,518    24,648    23,192
Farm & Ranch                   Net Profit Margin  54,042    27,212    29,382
                               (%)
Farm & Ranch                   Total Assets       3,582,098 3,041,386 2,611,401

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2017


                              144 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                             January 7, 2011 Friday

INEOS Bio JV Receives $75 Million USDA Loan Guarantee for Bioenergy Project

LENGTH: 472  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Jan. 07 -- Today INEOS Bio and its joint venture partner, New Planet
Energy, announced they have received a conditional commitment for a $75 million
loan guarantee from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) 9003 Biorefinery
Assistance Program. Funds will be used for the construction of the world's first
INEOS BioEnergy Center to be situated near Vero Beach, Florida. The BioEnergy
Center will produce eight million gallons (24,000 tonnes) of advanced biofuel
per year together with six megawatts (gross) of renewable power from biomass
including yard, vegetative and wood wastes and municipal solid waste. Financing
from the USDA program is provided to advance the next generation bioenergy
technologies into the commercial sector.

"We are encouraged by the continued confidence and commitment the U.S.
Government has shown in assisting with the commercial development of this new
bioenergy technology," said Peter Williams, CEO of INEOS Bio and Chairman of
INEOS New Planet BioEnergy. "These programs are providing the funds needed to
enable the U.S. to achieve a leading position in the bioenergy sector through
projects such as ours. As well as directly assisting construction of the INEOS
New Planet BioEnergy commercial plant, the loan guarantee also represents an
important step along the road to replication of this exciting new technology
through INEOS Bio's licensing program."

The USDA 9003 program provides guaranteed loans for the development and
construction of commercial-scale biorefineries or for the retrofitting of
existing facilities using eligible technology for the development of advanced
biofuels.

Site preparation and construction are underway at the BioEnergy Center, which
has created 55 new jobs to date. The BioEnergy Center, slated to begin
production in 2012, is anticipated to provide 175 jobs during construction and
50 full-time jobs once the facility is completed.

The heart of the INEOS Bio technology is a patented anaerobic fermentation step,
through which naturally occurring bacteria convert gases derived directly from
biomass into ethanol. Unlike other technologies that rely on one primary source
of feedstock, the INEOS Bio process can produce ethanol and renewable energy
from numerous feedstocks, including construction waste, municipal solid waste
and forestry and agricultural waste, while breaking the link between food crops
and ethanol production. This flexibility allows facilities, like the Florida
BioEnergy Center, to be built anywhere in the world, wherever there is biomass
waste, providing jobs and locally sourced renewable energy for urban and rural
communities. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker.
For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              145 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Idaho Business Review (Boise, ID)

                                December 9, 2008

Feds solicit public opinion on E. Idaho uranium enrichment plant

BYLINE: IBR Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 240  words


The Nuclear Regulatory Commission is holding a public comment meeting in Idaho
Falls Dec. 10 to assess community support for international energy firm Areva's
proposed Eagle Rock Uranium Enrichment Facility at a site near the Idaho
National Laboratory.



The meeting is part of the lengthy application process Areva must go through for
licensing of the facility, news station KPVI reports.



Areva, which announced that it had selected the Idaho Falls area for its new
enrichment plant earlier this year, has already submitted both parts of its loan
guarantee application to the Department of Energy, asking for the federal
government to guarantee $2 billion in loans to finance the Eagle Rock project.



Company officials said last week that the loan guarantee application was a
"critical step" in the project, with the next phase focusing on licensing from
the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, the federal agency that oversees nuclear
permitting and oversight.



Areva said it plans to file its license application with the NRC by the end of
this month, and hopes the commission will complete its review within
two-and-a-half years of the filing.



Ground could be broken on the $2 billion facility as early as 2011, with
operations commencing in 2014. Areva plans to employ 250 full-time workers at
the operational site and 1,000 during construction.



The public comment meeting will be held in Grand Teton Room of the Shilo
Inns-Idaho Falls at 6 p.m.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              146 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                            March 23, 2017 Thursday

Auckland Council set to scrap loans and rates relief for sports clubs

SECTION: SPORT; General

LENGTH: 641 words


Sports clubs are the latest to be affected by Auckland Council"s spending
crackdown, with councillors voting to scrap loans and rates postponements for
cash-strapped organisations.

Currently the council has 18 loans to sports organisations and acted as
guarantor for 10 loans, which all up are worth $52.9 million.

The biggest sport-related loan is for Eden Park, with the council acting as
guarantor for a $40 million loan from ASB Bank to the Eden Park Trust, in
addition to loaning the park $6.5 million, due to the upgrade in time for the
2011 Rugby World Cup.

Auckland Council treasurer John Bishop said the guarantee for the $40 million
loan for the was extended in March last year.

The policy change will not impact on the status of the Eden Park Trust loan, or
any other currently approved loans.

Council also has 83 rates remission agreements worth $320,000 for the 2016/17
financial year, and two rates postponement agreements worth $800,000 in total.

But at a meeting of the environment and community committee this month, the
governing body recommended ditching loans as well as rates postponements and
remissions, believing they did not fit with the council"s investment principles
and may not provide long-term financial sustainability.

Committee chair Penny Hulse said the recommendation is part of a draft sports
facilities investment plan, which will now go out for consultation with a report
due back in June.

"We looked at rates remissions and loans and the conclusion we came to was that
they are inequitable across the region and to be fair, we are better to support
sports organisations and clubs via our grants schemes," she said.

"Rates remissions have been applied differently around the region via the old
councils and some very successful clubs are on this remission process and they
could well afford to pay, some struggling clubs do not have this luxury."

The rates remission and postponement schemes are remnants from legacy councils
before the Super City amalgamation.

Badminton Waitakere took out a loan from ASB with a ratepayers guarantee for
$500,000 in October last year, and executive director Paul Shirley told the
Herald the club were "very happy to get it".

Shirley is worried that without loans clubs like his will be "up the creek
without a paddle".

"If the council won"t loan money as a last resort, what"s going to happen to
these clubs... it"s bloody hard yards.

"If you"re a minor sport in this country you"re not getting inundated with
offers of money."

Eden Park chief executive Guy Ngata told the Herald he did not want to comment
on the council"s recommendation, saying "council make the decisions they make".

He said whether sports organisations would be affected should the recommendation
be enforced would be "up to the sporting organisation really".

"We continue to have a positive relationship with the council," he said.

Councillor Dick Quax, an Olympic silver medalist, voted against the stopping of
rates remissions and postponements.

He told the Herald without the scheme, the Pakuranga Golf Club in his Howick
ward would "go under".

"The problem is the club is zoned residential. If they were to pay full rates,
it would put the club under, it wouldn"t be viable."

He voted in favour of stopping loans and loan guarantees saying his sporting
background did not have any bearing over his decision.

"I have to put that aside and think of the wider community. It becomes
irrelevant if I"m a former athlete myself.

"[Some existing loans] have no chance of ever being repaid. Council has now got
it right in terms of those loans."

"I try to act in the best interests of the wider community."

Earlier this year mayor Phil Goff revealed details about a crackdown on travel,
hospitality and gifts after the council"s promotion agency Ateed reported a 43
per cent jump in travel costs to more than $900,000 over two years.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2017 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              147 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                             July 3, 2010 Saturday

Obama announces $400M loan for Abound Solar's plants in Longmont and Indiana

BYLINE: John Aguilar, Camera Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 768 words


Online


See Abound Solar's Web site at  abound.com.





 Longmont could be adding as many as 300 private-sector jobs over the next few
months as the result of a $400 million federal loan guarantee a solar company in
the city was awarded Saturday.



 President Barack Obama announced the loan to Abound Solar, a Loveland-based
company with a manufacturing facility in Longmont, during his weekly radio
address Saturday.

 The company, which employs 360 people in Colorado and manufactures thin film
solar panels, will nearly double its employee base in the state, Abound Solar
spokesman Mark Chen said.

 He said it's not yet clear exactly how the new jobs will break down between
Abound Solar's Longmont production facility, its headquarters in Loveland and
its research lab in Fort Collins.

 But he said Longmont would most likely be the biggest beneficiary since the
bulk of production is done in the city. The company will be able to add two
production lines to the one it already has in Longmont as a result of the loan
guarantee, Chen said.

 "We'll have our second manufacturing line in place by the second quarter of
next year and we'll be hiring well in advance of that," Chen said Saturday.

 The loan guarantee is part of nearly $2 billion in stimulus funds approved by
the Department of Energy to Abound and Arizona-based Abengoa Solar Inc., Obama
said in the address.

 The loan guarantee to Abound is estimated to create 1,500 permanent jobs in
Colorado and Indiana and eventually result in the production of "millions of
state-of-the-art solar panels each year," the president said. It will also
create 2,000 construction jobs.

 The company plans another manufacturing operation at an empty Chrysler plant in
Tipton, Ind.

 "With a little stimulus, the company can drive down the cost of solar
electricity while producing good-paying jobs in the United States," Chen said.

 He predicted salaries for workers at Abound, which began production in Longmont
last fall, would be about 40 percent higher than the local average salary and
that the company would be hiring engineers, equipment technicians and production
operators.

 U.S. Sen. Michael Bennet, who was in Boulder for a campaign rally Saturday, was
elated at the news. The Democrat said the grant application for the loan
guarantee "was a tremendous piece of work."

 "I think we have the potential to beat all 50 states in terms of creating an
energy-independent future for our kids, creating a cleaner climate and driving
our economy as well," he said. "Washington may not be ready or willing to
compete with China, but Colorado is."

 The White House said the project marks the first time this new manufacturing
technology for Cadmium-Telluride panels will be deployed commercially anywhere
in the world.

 Abound Solar will use proprietary manufacturing technology developed jointly by
Colorado State University, the National Renewable Energy Laboratory and the
National Science Foundation.

 It will produce photovoltaic panels using an innovative process in which thin
films of Cadmium-Telluride are deposited onto the glass panels, according to the
White House. The technology reduces overall product costs.

 U.S. Rep. Betsy Markey, a Fort Collins Democrat who represents Longmont, said
she and other members of Colorado's congressional delegation have been urging
the Department of Energy to approve the application from Abound.

 "Without the loan guarantees, they would not be able to really move forward on
this project," Markey said.

 Federal loan guarantees help companies gain access to capital from a financial
sector that's still reluctant to lend. They remove the risks for lenders.

 Abengoa Solar is expected to get a $1.45 billion loan guarantee to build a
large solar generation plant near Gila Bend, Ariz.

 The Obama administration previously announced 11 other solar projects funded
with the help of $13 billion in loan guarantees from the stimulus bill.

 "This project is yet another example what the Recovery Act has done in
communities across the country in creating the new, clean energy jobs of the
future," Energy Secretary Steven Chu said in a news release. "By supporting new
cutting-edge solar manufacturing technologies, we are advancing a diverse
renewable energy portfolio while helping to position the U.S. at the forefront
of the global green economy."

 The Associated Press contributed to this report.

An employee works on equipment at Abound Solar's Longmont production facility.
President Barack Obama on Saturday announced the federal government will award
the company a $400 million loan, which will create about 300 new jobs in
Longmont.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: An employee works on equipment at Abound Solar's Longmont production
facility. President Barack Obama on Saturday announced the federal government
will award the company a $400 million loan, which will create about 300 new jobs
in Longmont. Walajabad Sampath, an associate professor of mechanical engineering
at Colorado State University, peers through a window in the door of one of his
machines. He invented a machine that gave birth to Abound Solar, which has a
factory in Longmont that employs more than 300 people.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                              148 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Indianapolis Business Journal

                                November 5, 2012

Why rural voters should support Obama

LENGTH: 665 words


Why rural voters should support Obama

POLITICS IS AN

amazing, yet perplexing, profession.

I have often wondered why President Obama trails Mitt Romney by a large margin
in rural areas. In fact, Politico and National Public Radio have the president
trailing Romney by 22 points, 59 to 37 in the percentage of voters that have
indicated a preference. Romney continues to perform well in rural areas and has
increased his lead from a Greenberg Quinlan Rosberg Research and North Star
Opinion Research poll that showed he had only a 54-40 lead.

This voting bloc has always proved difficult for the president. Overwhelmingly
white, mainly conservative and generally churchgoing, rural voters did not
support the president in 2008, when John McCain won their support 53-45,
according to Politico.

I argue that, when rural voters look at the facts, they have reason to support
the reelection of the president.

During the Bush administration, the U.S. Department of Agriculture Office of
Rural Development reported investing $2.5 million in Indiana. Compare that with
a total of $3.5 million invested by the Obama administration in our rural
communities.

The USDA's Community Facilities Program and our Housing Program helped 20,465
Hoosier families purchase a home. Note that this was at a time many homeowners
could not secure loans from their financial institutions.

According to data from the department, more than 100 Indiana communities were
able to build, expand or upgrade their water or wastewater systems; 40
businesses used loan guarantees oriented to rural areas to purchase equipment,
build or expand their operations and hire more employees; and 290 businesses,
farmers or ranchers were able to increase their bottom line through renewable
energy or energy-efficiency upgrades.

Obama has a solid track record of supporting rural areas in our state. What he
needs to do politically is to make the case that he and his policies are
culturally acceptable to white, rural voters. I believe he has, by making sure
communities that never received federal support were able to garner grants
and/or loans during his first term.

Once again, don't listen to the rhetoric. Look at the record. Across our state,
communities received funding for emergency vehicles (Thorntown), water system
improvements (Brown County), wastewater system upgrades (near Martinsville),
medical equipment and facilities (Elwood and Hope), new hospitals (Bedford and
Tell City) and technology upgrades (Putnam County).

The Obama record doesn't just go to bricks and mortar. There have been 2,720
housing loans or loan guarantees totaling $317.9 million to Indiana families.
Those investments in the quality of life for rural Indiana will benefit this and
future generations.

A proven track record of success in funding new programs. Funding for home
ownership. Investments in infrastructure across the state so rural communities
can compete for the jobs of tomorrow. And a commitment to provide additional
funds to extend health care options to rural communities.

In each instance, decisions made that are not political-but are in the best
interest of residents of rural America and, in this case, rural Indiana.

Better off than you were four years ago? You bet, especially if you live in
rural Indiana and your community has benefited from investments made by the
president.

On Election Night, the eyes of the nation will be on Ohio. Instead of wondering
how the president ran in Cleveland, please take the time to see how he did in
Belmont County.

Similarly, don't focus on Lake County in Indiana; let's see how he ran in places
like Sheridan, Thorntown and Greentown. Those will be my bellwether precincts on
Nov. 6 and will help determine how close our election will be in Indiana.

* Winston is president of Winston/Terrell Group, an Indianapolis-based
government affairs, public outreach and community relations firm. He was
chairman of the Indiana Democratic Party from 1999-2001. Send comments on this
column to ibjedit@ibj.com

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 IBJ Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              149 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             August 25, 2013 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

New Jobs! If Only It Were True

BYLINE: By GRETCHEN MORGENSON

SECTION: Section BU; Column 0; Money and Business/Financial Desk; FAIR GAME; Pg.
1

LENGTH: 1098 words


CREATING jobs is an essential goal today, given our high unemployment rate. But
when job programs rely on taxpayer backing, their success or failure should be
clearly disclosed.

For example, the United States Department of Agriculture has called its $1.6
billion business and industry loan program a rousing success. Not surprisingly,
the department often trumpets the number of jobs that are expected to result
from these loans -- figures that it gets from the borrowers themselves. Whether
these jobs are actually created, however, is another story.

The loan guarantee program is overseen by the Rural Development unit of the
Agriculture Department and is part of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act
of 2009. Rural Development provides loan guarantees of as much as 90 percent to
banks or other approved lenders that finance the improvement or development of
businesses in rural and high-unemployment areas.

How many jobs were added or saved through the loans is also a crucial measure of
the program's success or failure.

A current success story on the agency's Web site is that of Carolina AAC, a
company that received $10.4 million in late 2010 to build a concrete
manufacturing plant in Bennettsville, S.C.

''This project will create approximately 197 new jobs in Marlboro County,'' the
Agriculture Department's Web site says. Such a figure would make Carolina AAC
the program's third-largest borrower in terms of jobs created.

But Carolina AAC said in a January 2011 news release that only 36 jobs would be
created at the project. And even that has not come to pass. Currently, 10 people
work at the company, according to Charles Paterno, its managing member.
Troubling for taxpayers is that the government backs 90 percent of the loans and
they are in liquidation.

The manufacturing facility is behind schedule, Mr. Paterno said, because a
contractor in charge of building it died midway through the project. ''We're
three months from producing but we're still on target to create 36 jobs and will
ramp up to 50,'' Mr. Paterno said in an interview. Asked about the 197 job
number, he said he was unfamiliar with it. The figure might reflect indirect job
creation, he said, such as workers at a local sand quarry or crews that would
install the cement once it's manufactured.

Singleteary Food Solutions is another borrower under the program. Its $4.36
million in U.S.D.A.-guaranteed loans was expected to create 220 jobs in Wells,
Minn., population 2,300. Singleteary was expected to be the second-largest job
creator in the program; it also received a Small Business Administration loan
for about $4 million.

But the Wells plant never opened. The Agriculture Department loans are in
default, and the bank that wrote the guaranteed loan and sold it to investors
took back the property in May.

Singleteary Food Solutions, a food processor, employed 30 people at most,
according to a news report in The Faribault County Register.

Stephen B. Singleteary, a lawyer from Chicago, is the president of the company.
In an interview on Friday, he said he was seeking an additional $5 million in
capital so he could restructure the debt and start up production. He said the
facility needed far more renovation than he had anticipated.

''Once we got in, we found the infrastructure would not accommodate our process
and we had to replace most of the basic things,'' Mr. Singleteary said. ''In a
100,000-square-foot facility, it adds up pretty quick.''

He has until November to come up with the money so he can get the property back,
and he remains hopeful. ''When we're fully operational it will exceed 200
jobs,'' he said.

The company that was expected to be the largest job creator under the program
was the Peninsula Plywood Group of Port Angeles, Wash. The roughly $2 million
loan for its lumber mill was guaranteed by the Agriculture Department in January
2010 and expected to create 334 jobs. The facility opened for production later
that year but ran into financial trouble and closed in late 2011. Local news
reports said it employed 130 people at most.

The loan has been liquidated and the Agriculture Department paid a loss claim of
$958,000.

It's not uncommon for small businesses to fail, and capital nowadays is hard to
come by. So some defaults are to be expected.

Asked about the rosy job-creation figures, Lillian Salerno, the administrator in
charge of the program, provided this statement: ''Since 2009, the U.S.D.A.
Business and Industry Loan Guarantee program has supported more than 3,500 small
businesses that have helped bolster the rural economy in communities across the
country. The program's success rate is the highest it has been since 2000, and
it continues to improve. U.S.D.A., through 47 state offices, continuously works
with approved lenders to ensure that each small business has every opportunity
to succeed.''

THE agency also provided five success stories where companies tapping into the
program created more jobs than anticipated. One is Salm Partners, a food
manufacturer in Denmark, Wis. The company received a $16 million loan guarantee
to expand its facility and projected in 2010 that it would save 147 jobs and add
25 new ones. Today, the company employs 300 full-time workers and has paid back
its loan.

Agency documents indicate that others are concerned with its job-creation
numbers. A letter on Jan. 18 from the agency to business program directors of
the Rural Development unit noted that the Office of Management and Budget wanted
agency performance measures to be rigorously evaluated to improve programs'
efficiencies. It is essential that the jobs data reported by the Agriculture
Department ''is accurate, consistent, and verifiable,'' the letter said.

The Agriculture Department's office of the inspector general recently questioned
the accuracy of the agency's job figures. In a March audit, it identified one
borrower that had estimated its loan would create and save 400 jobs. After
visiting the borrower, investigators found that the borrower saved two jobs.
''The agency's success in meeting its established performance goals may be
overstated,'' the report said.

Jim Brickman, a real estate investor in Dallas and a whistle-blower on
problematic S.B.A. loans said, ''The willingness of the U.S.D.A. to tout false
job numbers to Congress and the public is absurd and a case study of why the
public has lost confidence in government.''

The Agriculture Department's program is certainly well-intentioned, and
accentuating its positives is only natural. But with taxpayers backing this $1.6
billion effort, reliable job counts would be preferable.

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/08/25/business/new-jobs-if-only-it-were-true.html

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              150 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           December 6, 2012 Thursday

Pakistan: Microfinance banks allowed loan facility

LENGTH: 465 words

DATELINE: KARACHI


KARACHI, Dec. 6 -- The State Bank of Pakistan, in a major move, has allowed
micro-finance banks (MFBs) to avail financing under the credit guarantee scheme
that would help micro enterprises to boost their business.

The facility was earlier available only to commercial banks and was meant for
servicing small and rural enterprises.

"The State Bank has extended the scope of the Credit Guarantee Scheme (CGS) by
including micro-finance banks as eligible Participating Financial Institutions
(PFIs) to enable micro enterprises to benefit from this scheme," said a circular
issued by the SBP on Tuesday.

The central bank has kept small enterprises in focus for the last many years,
but it seems that results are far from the desired level. Micro-finance banks
and micro enterprises were also the target of last many governments but growth
in this sector was not enough to have a significant share in economy.

The State Bank said now MFBs would be able to extend loans from above Rs150,000
upto Rs500,000 to micro enterprises for a tenor not exceeding five years.

Earlier, the facility under the CGS was not limited to the small enterprises
located in rural areas. The scheme provides separate definitions of small
enterprises and rural enterprises.

Small enterprises located in urban areas were also eligible for financing
provided they fall within the target market given in the scheme.

Also, banks could extend additional loans to a borrower other than guaranteed
loans under their normal business operations "The micro-finance banks would find
great comfort in taking credit risks as they now enjoy risk coverage of 40pc on
their loans to micro enterprises," said the SBP circular.

A banker explained that the risk in loans given under the guarantee scheme to
small enterprise will be covered by the central bank up to 40 per cent which
means in case of default, 40pc loss would be borne by the SBP.

It further said that micro finance banks, which have already obtained prior
approval of SBP for undertaking 'micro enterprise' lending can apply for
allocation of credit exposure limits under the credit guarantee scheme, the
circular added.

The scheme encourages banks to extend cash flow based lending facilities to its
borrower which depicts adequate cash flows and repayment capacity.

However, the scheme does not restrict banks to demand collaterals from
borrowers; ie the banks can, in their own discretion, solicit collaterals from a
fresh borrower and additional collateral from existing collateral deficient
borrowers in case they are not satisfied with their cash flows or repayment
capacity Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For
any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              151 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Aberdeen Evening Express

                             August 15, 2014 Friday

Cash boost for new homes is hailed by council leader

BYLINE: Jennifer Mckiernan

SECTION: NEWS; POLITICS; Parliament; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 362 words


AN £80 MILLION loan from the UK Treasury for 3,000 new homes in Aberdeen has
been welcomed by Aberdeen's political leader.

The UK Treasury guarantee, which was signed off today by Chief Secretary to the
Treasury Danny Alexander, will allow Stewart Milne Group to start building at
Countesswells.

As previously revealed by the Evening Express, the 3,000-home development has
been recommended for approval by city council planners.

If it is given the go-ahead by councillors, the development would include 750
affordable homes, alongside education, parks, leisure and healthcare facilities.

Aberdeen City Council leader Councillor Jenny Laing today said: "I warmly
welcome this important loan guarantee from the UK Treasury, which comes at a
time when construction companies are finding it challenging to secure sizeable
loans from the banks. This will allow up-front investment in the vital
infrastructure which will be necessary for the development to go ahead.

"The scheme, if approved, would be a crucial element of our intention to deliver
new housing in the city and provide the homes in sustainable communities to help
us fill the skills gap.

Mr Alexander today said: "The Countesswells development will create 3,000 new
homes, which is fantastic news for thousands of families across Aberdeen and
Scotland's economy."

The development will be phased over 15 years, with a total expected capital
value of approximately £700 million, boosting the North-east economy and
supporting up to 1,000 jobs.

Stewart Milne Group CEO Glenn Allison said his company had secured the £80
million loan from the Bank of Scotland, guaranteed by the UK Treasury, and the
rest of the development will be financed from revenues from housing sales.

He said: "We are delighted that through HM Treasury, we have been successful in
securing a guarantee to assist in the delivery of Countesswells.

"It is a critical project for the city over the next 15 years, delivering much
needed homes and community facilities that in turn will support Aberdeen's
economic growth."

Construction at the Countesswells development is due to start later this year
with the first homes built by spring 2015.

jmckiernan@ajl.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bosses: Danny Alexander and city council leader Jenny Laing.
Design: An artist's impression of the proposed development in the Granite City
suburb of Countesswells.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EE


                      Copyright 2014 Aberdeen Journals Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              152 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Aberdeen Evening Express

                             August 15, 2014 Friday

Cash boost for new homes is hailed by council leader

BYLINE: Jennifer Mckiernan

SECTION: NEWS; POLITICS; Parliament; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 362 words


AN £80 MILLION loan from the UK Treasury for 3,000 new homes in Aberdeen has
been welcomed by Aberdeen's political leader.

The UK Treasury guarantee, which was signed off today by Chief Secretary to the
Treasury Danny Alexander, will allow Stewart Milne Group to start building at
Countesswells.

As previously revealed by the Evening Express, the 3,000-home development has
been recommended for approval by city council planners.

If it is given the go-ahead by councillors, the development would include 750
affordable homes, alongside education, parks, leisure and healthcare facilities.

Aberdeen City Council leader Councillor Jenny Laing today said: "I warmly
welcome this important loan guarantee from the UK Treasury, which comes at a
time when construction companies are finding it challenging to secure sizeable
loans from the banks. This will allow up-front investment in the vital
infrastructure which will be necessary for the development to go ahead.

"The scheme, if approved, would be a crucial element of our intention to deliver
new housing in the city and provide the homes in sustainable communities to help
us fill the skills gap.

Mr Alexander today said: "The Countesswells development will create 3,000 new
homes, which is fantastic news for thousands of families across Aberdeen and
Scotland's economy."

The development will be phased over 15 years, with a total expected capital
value of approximately £700 million, boosting the North-east economy and
supporting up to 1,000 jobs.

Stewart Milne Group CEO Glenn Allison said his company had secured the £80
million loan from the Bank of Scotland, guaranteed by the UK Treasury, and the
rest of the development will be financed from revenues from housing sales.

He said: "We are delighted that through HM Treasury, we have been successful in
securing a guarantee to assist in the delivery of Countesswells.

"It is a critical project for the city over the next 15 years, delivering much
needed homes and community facilities that in turn will support Aberdeen's
economic growth."

Construction at the Countesswells development is due to start later this year
with the first homes built by spring 2015.

jmckiernan@ajl.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bosses: Danny Alexander and city council leader Jenny Laing.
Design: An artist's impression of the proposed development in the Granite City
suburb of Countesswells.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EE


                      Copyright 2014 Aberdeen Journals Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              153 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                            October 20, 2014 Monday

Abengoa opens cellulosic ethanol plant in Kansas, US

SECTION: BIOFUELS AND BIOMASS; Business Expansions

LENGTH: 300 words



HIGHLIGHT: Abengoa has opened its first commercial-scale cellulosic ethanol
plant in Hugoton, Kansas, US.


Abengoa has opened its first commercial-scale cellulosic ethanol plant in
Hugoton, Kansas, US.

The Abengoa Bioenergy Biomass of Kansas (ABBK) plant, located about 90 miles
southwest of Dodge City, uses only second generation (2G) biomass feedstocks for
ethanol production.

The plant employs Abengoa's enzymatic hydrolysis technology, which turns biomass
into fermentable sugars that are then converted to ethanol.

It will produce around 25 million gallons of cellulosic ethanol annually,
curbing 132,000 metric tons of carbon dioxide.

The cellulosic ethanol produced at ABBK facility will be sold into the ethanol
commodity market and used to fuel light duty vehicles.

The facility features an electricity cogeneration component which will generate
21MW of energy, enough to power itself and provide excess renewable power to the
local Stevens County community.

Earlier in 2011, Abengoa secured a $132m loan guarantee from the Department of
Energy's (DOE) Loan Programs Office to support construction of the facility.

The company has also received a $97m grant from the DOE's Office of Energy
Efficiency and Renewable Energy before the loan guarantee was awarded.

Abengoa CEO Manuel Sánchez Ortega said: "The Hugoton plant opening is the result
of 10 years of technical development, roughly 40,000 hours of pilot and
demonstration plant operation, and the support of the DOE.

"This is a proud and pivotal moment for Abengoa and for the larger advanced
bioenergy industry - and further demonstrates our longstanding commitment to
providing sustainable energy alternatives in the United States. This would have
been simply impossible without the establishment of the Renewable Fuel
Standard."

Image: The Hugoton plant uses only second generation biomass feedstocks for
ethanol production. Photo: Courtesy of Abengoa.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              154 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 18, 2014 Monday

Submission for OMB Review; Comment Request

LENGTH: 949  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:


The Department of Agriculture has submitted the following information collection
requirement(s) to Office of Management and Budget (OMB) for review and clearance
under the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, Public Law 104-13. Comments regarding
(a) whether the collection of information is necessary for the proper
performance of the functions of the agency, including whether the information
will have practical utility; (b) the accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden
including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (c) ways to
enhance the quality, utility and clarity of the information to be collected; (d)
ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who are to
respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology should be addressed to: Desk Officer for Agriculture,
Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management and Budget,
New Executive Office Building, 725 17th Street NW., Washington, DC 20502.
Commenters are encouraged to submit their comments to OMB via email to:

OIRA_Submission@omb.eop.gov or fax (202) 395-5806 and to Departmental Clearance
Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC 20250-7602. Comments
regarding these information collections are best assured of having their full
effect if received within 30 days of this notification. Copies of the
submission(s) may be obtained by calling (202) 720-8681.

An agency may not conduct or sponsor a collection of information unless the
collection of information displays a currently valid OMB control number and the
agency informs potential persons who are to respond to the collection of
information that such persons are not required to respond to the collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB control number.
Rural Utilities Service Back to Top

Title: RUS Specification for Quality Control and Inspection of Timber Products.

OMB Control Number: 0572-0076.

Summary of Collection: The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) is a credit agency of
the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) and is authorized to manage loan
programs in accordance with the Rural Electrification Act (RE Act) of 1936, 7
U.S.C. 901 et seq., as amended. It makes mortgage loans and loan guarantees to
finance telecommunications, electric, and water and waste facilities in rural
areas. To ensure the security of loan funds, adequate quality control of timber
products is vital to loan security on electric power systems where hundreds of
thousands of wood poles and cross-arms are used. Prior to receiving loan funds,
a RUS borrower must enter into a loan contract with RUS. In accordance with
Article V, Section 5.14 of the loan contract, "the borrower shall use design
standards, construction standards and lists of acceptable materials in
conformance with RUS regulations.

Need and Use of the Information: The purchaser or treating company may obtain
the services of an inspection agency or third party oversight organization to
perform certain inspection services to insure that the specifications for wood
poles and cross-arms are being met. As required by 7 CFR 1728.202(i) copies of
test reports on various preservatives must accompany each charge (a charge being
a load of poles treated at the same time in a pressure cylinder). Test reports
are needed so that the purchaser, the inspectors, and RUS will be able to
spot-check the general accuracy of the tests. RUS will use the information in
verifying acceptability of poles and cross-arms purchased by RUS borrowers.

Description of Respondents: Business or other for-profit; Not-for-profit
institutions.

Number of Respondents: 25.

Frequency of Responses: Reporting: On occasion.

Total Burden Hours: 20,333.
Rural Utilities Service Back to Top

Title: 7 CFR Part 1738, Rural Broadband Loan and Loan Guarantee.

OMB Control Number: 0572-0130.

Summary of Collection: Title VI, Rural Broadband Access, of the Rural
Electrification Act of 1936, as amended (RE Act), provides loans and loan
guarantees to fund the cost of construction, improvement, or acquisition of
facilities and equipment for the provision of broadband service in eligible
rural communities in State and territories of the United States. The regulation
prescribes the types of loans available, facilities financed and eligible
applicants, as well as minimum credit support requirements considered for a
loan. In addition, Title VI of the RE Act requires that Rural Utilities Service
(RUS) make or guarantee a loan only if there is reasonable assurance that the
loan, together with all outstanding loans and obligations of the borrower, will
be repaid in full within the time agreed.

Need and Use of the Information: The information in the application will be used
to determine an applicant's eligibility, availability of broadband service for
priority consideration, technical and economic feasibility of the proposed
project (that the funds requested are adequate to complete the project taking
into consideration any additional funding provided by the applicant and that the
loan can be repaid within the allowable time frame), and the applicant complies
with statutory, regulatory and administrative eligibility requirements for loan
assistance.

Description of Respondents: Business or other for-profit; Not-for-profit
institutions.

Number of Respondents: 25.

Frequency of Responses: Reporting: On occasion.

Total Burden Hours: 10,545.

Charlene Parker,

Departmental Information Collection Clearance Officer.

For more information please visit: https://www.federalregister.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              155 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 10, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Section 108 Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 397  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

For questions on a specific application, contact your local HUD office or the
staff underwriter in HUD headquarters who is reviewing the application.

For more information on the CDBG Section 108 loan guarantee program, your local
HUD field office will be able to assist you. When applying for a Section 108
loan, the field office is the first to become involved in reviewing the
application.
Purpose

Section 108 is the loan guarantee provision of the Community Development Block
Grant (CDBG) program. Section 108 provides communities with a source of
financing for economic development, housing rehabilitation, public facilities,
and large-scale physical development projects.

This program allows local governments to transform a small portion of their CDBG
funds into federally guaranteed loans large enough to pursue physical and
economic revitalization projects that can renew entire neighborhoods. Such
public investment is often needed to inspire private economic activity,
providing the initial resources or simply the confidence that private firms and
individuals may need to invest in distressed areas.

Local governments borrowing funds guaranteed by Section 108 must pledge their
current and future CDBG allocations to cover the loan amount as security for the
loan.
Eligibility

Eligible applicants include the following public entities:

Metropolitan cities and urban counties (i.e. CDBG entitlement recipients)
    Non-entitlement communities that are assisted in the submission of
applications by States that administer the CDBG program; and
    Non-entitlement communities eligible to receive CDBG funds under the
HUD-Administered Small Cities CDBG program (Hawaii). The public entity may be
the borrower or it may designate a public agency as the borrower.

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified. See program website for loan details.
Application
process

Interested applicants should contact the local HUD office in advance for help in
preparing an application. See the application process page on the program
website.
Tagged as  Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              156 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 3, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Section 108 Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 397  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

For questions on a specific application, contact your local HUD office or the
staff underwriter in HUD headquarters who is reviewing the application.

For more information on the CDBG Section 108 loan guarantee program, your local
HUD field office will be able to assist you. When applying for a Section 108
loan, the field office is the first to become involved in reviewing the
application.
Purpose

Section 108 is the loan guarantee provision of the Community Development Block
Grant (CDBG) program. Section 108 provides communities with a source of
financing for economic development, housing rehabilitation, public facilities,
and large-scale physical development projects.

This program allows local governments to transform a small portion of their CDBG
funds into federally guaranteed loans large enough to pursue physical and
economic revitalization projects that can renew entire neighborhoods. Such
public investment is often needed to inspire private economic activity,
providing the initial resources or simply the confidence that private firms and
individuals may need to invest in distressed areas.

Local governments borrowing funds guaranteed by Section 108 must pledge their
current and future CDBG allocations to cover the loan amount as security for the
loan.
Eligibility

Eligible applicants include the following public entities:

Metropolitan cities and urban counties (i.e. CDBG entitlement recipients)
    Non-entitlement communities that are assisted in the submission of
applications by States that administer the CDBG program; and
    Non-entitlement communities eligible to receive CDBG funds under the
HUD-Administered Small Cities CDBG program (Hawaii). The public entity may be
the borrower or it may designate a public agency as the borrower.

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified. See program website for loan details.
Application
process

Interested applicants should contact the local HUD office in advance for help in
preparing an application. See the application process page on the program
website.
Tagged as  Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              157 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 24, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Section 108 Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 397  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

For questions on a specific application, contact your local HUD office or the
staff underwriter in HUD headquarters who is reviewing the application.

For more information on the CDBG Section 108 loan guarantee program, your local
HUD field office will be able to assist you. When applying for a Section 108
loan, the field office is the first to become involved in reviewing the
application.
Purpose

Section 108 is the loan guarantee provision of the Community Development Block
Grant (CDBG) program. Section 108 provides communities with a source of
financing for economic development, housing rehabilitation, public facilities,
and large-scale physical development projects.

This program allows local governments to transform a small portion of their CDBG
funds into federally guaranteed loans large enough to pursue physical and
economic revitalization projects that can renew entire neighborhoods. Such
public investment is often needed to inspire private economic activity,
providing the initial resources or simply the confidence that private firms and
individuals may need to invest in distressed areas.

Local governments borrowing funds guaranteed by Section 108 must pledge their
current and future CDBG allocations to cover the loan amount as security for the
loan.
Eligibility

Eligible applicants include the following public entities:

Metropolitan cities and urban counties (i.e. CDBG entitlement recipients)
    Non-entitlement communities that are assisted in the submission of
applications by States that administer the CDBG program; and
    Non-entitlement communities eligible to receive CDBG funds under the
HUD-Administered Small Cities CDBG program (Hawaii). The public entity may be
the borrower or it may designate a public agency as the borrower.

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified. See program website for loan details.
Application
process

Interested applicants should contact the local HUD office in advance for help in
preparing an application. See the application process page on the program
website.
Tagged as  Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              158 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 14, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Section 108 Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 397  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

For questions on a specific application, contact your local HUD office or the
staff underwriter in HUD headquarters who is reviewing the application.

For more information on the CDBG Section 108 loan guarantee program, your local
HUD field office will be able to assist you. When applying for a Section 108
loan, the field office is the first to become involved in reviewing the
application.
Purpose

Section 108 is the loan guarantee provision of the Community Development Block
Grant (CDBG) program. Section 108 provides communities with a source of
financing for economic development, housing rehabilitation, public facilities,
and large-scale physical development projects.

This program allows local governments to transform a small portion of their CDBG
funds into federally guaranteed loans large enough to pursue physical and
economic revitalization projects that can renew entire neighborhoods. Such
public investment is often needed to inspire private economic activity,
providing the initial resources or simply the confidence that private firms and
individuals may need to invest in distressed areas.

Local governments borrowing funds guaranteed by Section 108 must pledge their
current and future CDBG allocations to cover the loan amount as security for the
loan.
Eligibility

Eligible applicants include the following public entities:

Metropolitan cities and urban counties (i.e. CDBG entitlement recipients)
    Non-entitlement communities that are assisted in the submission of
applications by States that administer the CDBG program; and
    Non-entitlement communities eligible to receive CDBG funds under the
HUD-Administered Small Cities CDBG program (Hawaii). The public entity may be
the borrower or it may designate a public agency as the borrower.

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified. See program website for loan details.
Application
process

Interested applicants should contact the local HUD office in advance for help in
preparing an application. See the application process page on the program
website.
Tagged as  Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              159 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 12, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Section 108 Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 397  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

For questions on a specific application, contact your local HUD office or the
staff underwriter in HUD headquarters who is reviewing the application.

For more information on the CDBG Section 108 loan guarantee program, your local
HUD field office will be able to assist you. When applying for a Section 108
loan, the field office is the first to become involved in reviewing the
application.
Purpose

Section 108 is the loan guarantee provision of the Community Development Block
Grant (CDBG) program. Section 108 provides communities with a source of
financing for economic development, housing rehabilitation, public facilities,
and large-scale physical development projects.

This program allows local governments to transform a small portion of their CDBG
funds into federally guaranteed loans large enough to pursue physical and
economic revitalization projects that can renew entire neighborhoods. Such
public investment is often needed to inspire private economic activity,
providing the initial resources or simply the confidence that private firms and
individuals may need to invest in distressed areas.

Local governments borrowing funds guaranteed by Section 108 must pledge their
current and future CDBG allocations to cover the loan amount as security for the
loan.
Eligibility

Eligible applicants include the following public entities:

Metropolitan cities and urban counties (i.e. CDBG entitlement recipients)
    Non-entitlement communities that are assisted in the submission of
applications by States that administer the CDBG program; and
    Non-entitlement communities eligible to receive CDBG funds under the
HUD-Administered Small Cities CDBG program (Hawaii). The public entity may be
the borrower or it may designate a public agency as the borrower.

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified. See program website for loan details.
Application
process

Interested applicants should contact the local HUD office in advance for help in
preparing an application. See the application process page on the program
website.
Tagged as  Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              160 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 10, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Section 108 Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 397  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

For questions on a specific application, contact your local HUD office or the
staff underwriter in HUD headquarters who is reviewing the application.

For more information on the CDBG Section 108 loan guarantee program, your local
HUD field office will be able to assist you. When applying for a Section 108
loan, the field office is the first to become involved in reviewing the
application.
Purpose

Section 108 is the loan guarantee provision of the Community Development Block
Grant (CDBG) program. Section 108 provides communities with a source of
financing for economic development, housing rehabilitation, public facilities,
and large-scale physical development projects.

This program allows local governments to transform a small portion of their CDBG
funds into federally guaranteed loans large enough to pursue physical and
economic revitalization projects that can renew entire neighborhoods. Such
public investment is often needed to inspire private economic activity,
providing the initial resources or simply the confidence that private firms and
individuals may need to invest in distressed areas.

Local governments borrowing funds guaranteed by Section 108 must pledge their
current and future CDBG allocations to cover the loan amount as security for the
loan.
Eligibility

Eligible applicants include the following public entities:

Metropolitan cities and urban counties (i.e. CDBG entitlement recipients)
    Non-entitlement communities that are assisted in the submission of
applications by States that administer the CDBG program; and
    Non-entitlement communities eligible to receive CDBG funds under the
HUD-Administered Small Cities CDBG program (Hawaii). The public entity may be
the borrower or it may designate a public agency as the borrower.

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified. See program website for loan details.
Application
process

Interested applicants should contact the local HUD office in advance for help in
preparing an application. See the application process page on the program
website.
Tagged as  Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              161 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 7, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Section 108 Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 397  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

For questions on a specific application, contact your local HUD office or the
staff underwriter in HUD headquarters who is reviewing the application.

For more information on the CDBG Section 108 loan guarantee program, your local
HUD field office will be able to assist you. When applying for a Section 108
loan, the field office is the first to become involved in reviewing the
application.
Purpose

Section 108 is the loan guarantee provision of the Community Development Block
Grant (CDBG) program. Section 108 provides communities with a source of
financing for economic development, housing rehabilitation, public facilities,
and large-scale physical development projects.

This program allows local governments to transform a small portion of their CDBG
funds into federally guaranteed loans large enough to pursue physical and
economic revitalization projects that can renew entire neighborhoods. Such
public investment is often needed to inspire private economic activity,
providing the initial resources or simply the confidence that private firms and
individuals may need to invest in distressed areas.

Local governments borrowing funds guaranteed by Section 108 must pledge their
current and future CDBG allocations to cover the loan amount as security for the
loan.
Eligibility

Eligible applicants include the following public entities:

Metropolitan cities and urban counties (i.e. CDBG entitlement recipients)
    Non-entitlement communities that are assisted in the submission of
applications by States that administer the CDBG program; and
    Non-entitlement communities eligible to receive CDBG funds under the
HUD-Administered Small Cities CDBG program (Hawaii). The public entity may be
the borrower or it may designate a public agency as the borrower.

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified. See program website for loan details.
Application
process

Interested applicants should contact the local HUD office in advance for help in
preparing an application. See the application process page on the program
website.
Tagged as  Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              162 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 5, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Section 108 Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 397  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

For questions on a specific application, contact your local HUD office or the
staff underwriter in HUD headquarters who is reviewing the application.

For more information on the CDBG Section 108 loan guarantee program, your local
HUD field office will be able to assist you. When applying for a Section 108
loan, the field office is the first to become involved in reviewing the
application.
Purpose

Section 108 is the loan guarantee provision of the Community Development Block
Grant (CDBG) program. Section 108 provides communities with a source of
financing for economic development, housing rehabilitation, public facilities,
and large-scale physical development projects.

This program allows local governments to transform a small portion of their CDBG
funds into federally guaranteed loans large enough to pursue physical and
economic revitalization projects that can renew entire neighborhoods. Such
public investment is often needed to inspire private economic activity,
providing the initial resources or simply the confidence that private firms and
individuals may need to invest in distressed areas.

Local governments borrowing funds guaranteed by Section 108 must pledge their
current and future CDBG allocations to cover the loan amount as security for the
loan.
Eligibility

Eligible applicants include the following public entities:

Metropolitan cities and urban counties (i.e. CDBG entitlement recipients)
    Non-entitlement communities that are assisted in the submission of
applications by States that administer the CDBG program; and
    Non-entitlement communities eligible to receive CDBG funds under the
HUD-Administered Small Cities CDBG program (Hawaii). The public entity may be
the borrower or it may designate a public agency as the borrower.

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified. See program website for loan details.
Application
process

Interested applicants should contact the local HUD office in advance for help in
preparing an application. See the application process page on the program
website.
Tagged as  Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              163 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 3, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Section 108 Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 397  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

For questions on a specific application, contact your local HUD office or the
staff underwriter in HUD headquarters who is reviewing the application.

For more information on the CDBG Section 108 loan guarantee program, your local
HUD field office will be able to assist you. When applying for a Section 108
loan, the field office is the first to become involved in reviewing the
application.
Purpose

Section 108 is the loan guarantee provision of the Community Development Block
Grant (CDBG) program. Section 108 provides communities with a source of
financing for economic development, housing rehabilitation, public facilities,
and large-scale physical development projects.

This program allows local governments to transform a small portion of their CDBG
funds into federally guaranteed loans large enough to pursue physical and
economic revitalization projects that can renew entire neighborhoods. Such
public investment is often needed to inspire private economic activity,
providing the initial resources or simply the confidence that private firms and
individuals may need to invest in distressed areas.

Local governments borrowing funds guaranteed by Section 108 must pledge their
current and future CDBG allocations to cover the loan amount as security for the
loan.
Eligibility

Eligible applicants include the following public entities:

Metropolitan cities and urban counties (i.e. CDBG entitlement recipients)
    Non-entitlement communities that are assisted in the submission of
applications by States that administer the CDBG program; and
    Non-entitlement communities eligible to receive CDBG funds under the
HUD-Administered Small Cities CDBG program (Hawaii). The public entity may be
the borrower or it may designate a public agency as the borrower.

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified. See program website for loan details.
Application
process

Interested applicants should contact the local HUD office in advance for help in
preparing an application. See the application process page on the program
website.
Tagged as  Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              164 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 31, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Section 108 Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 397  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

For questions on a specific application, contact your local HUD office or the
staff underwriter in HUD headquarters who is reviewing the application.

For more information on the CDBG Section 108 loan guarantee program, your local
HUD field office will be able to assist you. When applying for a Section 108
loan, the field office is the first to become involved in reviewing the
application.
Purpose

Section 108 is the loan guarantee provision of the Community Development Block
Grant (CDBG) program. Section 108 provides communities with a source of
financing for economic development, housing rehabilitation, public facilities,
and large-scale physical development projects.

This program allows local governments to transform a small portion of their CDBG
funds into federally guaranteed loans large enough to pursue physical and
economic revitalization projects that can renew entire neighborhoods. Such
public investment is often needed to inspire private economic activity,
providing the initial resources or simply the confidence that private firms and
individuals may need to invest in distressed areas.

Local governments borrowing funds guaranteed by Section 108 must pledge their
current and future CDBG allocations to cover the loan amount as security for the
loan.
Eligibility

Eligible applicants include the following public entities:

Metropolitan cities and urban counties (i.e. CDBG entitlement recipients)
    Non-entitlement communities that are assisted in the submission of
applications by States that administer the CDBG program; and
    Non-entitlement communities eligible to receive CDBG funds under the
HUD-Administered Small Cities CDBG program (Hawaii). The public entity may be
the borrower or it may designate a public agency as the borrower.

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified. See program website for loan details.
Application
process

Interested applicants should contact the local HUD office in advance for help in
preparing an application. See the application process page on the program
website.
Tagged as  Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              165 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 27, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Section 108 Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 397  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

For questions on a specific application, contact your local HUD office or the
staff underwriter in HUD headquarters who is reviewing the application.

For more information on the CDBG Section 108 loan guarantee program, your local
HUD field office will be able to assist you. When applying for a Section 108
loan, the field office is the first to become involved in reviewing the
application.
Purpose

Section 108 is the loan guarantee provision of the Community Development Block
Grant (CDBG) program. Section 108 provides communities with a source of
financing for economic development, housing rehabilitation, public facilities,
and large-scale physical development projects.

This program allows local governments to transform a small portion of their CDBG
funds into federally guaranteed loans large enough to pursue physical and
economic revitalization projects that can renew entire neighborhoods. Such
public investment is often needed to inspire private economic activity,
providing the initial resources or simply the confidence that private firms and
individuals may need to invest in distressed areas.

Local governments borrowing funds guaranteed by Section 108 must pledge their
current and future CDBG allocations to cover the loan amount as security for the
loan.
Eligibility

Eligible applicants include the following public entities:

Metropolitan cities and urban counties (i.e. CDBG entitlement recipients)
    Non-entitlement communities that are assisted in the submission of
applications by States that administer the CDBG program; and
    Non-entitlement communities eligible to receive CDBG funds under the
HUD-Administered Small Cities CDBG program (Hawaii). The public entity may be
the borrower or it may designate a public agency as the borrower.

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified. See program website for loan details.
Application
process

Interested applicants should contact the local HUD office in advance for help in
preparing an application. See the application process page on the program
website.
Tagged as  Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              166 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 24, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Section 108 Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 397  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

For questions on a specific application, contact your local HUD office or the
staff underwriter in HUD headquarters who is reviewing the application.

For more information on the CDBG Section 108 loan guarantee program, your local
HUD field office will be able to assist you. When applying for a Section 108
loan, the field office is the first to become involved in reviewing the
application.
Purpose

Section 108 is the loan guarantee provision of the Community Development Block
Grant (CDBG) program. Section 108 provides communities with a source of
financing for economic development, housing rehabilitation, public facilities,
and large-scale physical development projects.

This program allows local governments to transform a small portion of their CDBG
funds into federally guaranteed loans large enough to pursue physical and
economic revitalization projects that can renew entire neighborhoods. Such
public investment is often needed to inspire private economic activity,
providing the initial resources or simply the confidence that private firms and
individuals may need to invest in distressed areas.

Local governments borrowing funds guaranteed by Section 108 must pledge their
current and future CDBG allocations to cover the loan amount as security for the
loan.
Eligibility

Eligible applicants include the following public entities:

Metropolitan cities and urban counties (i.e. CDBG entitlement recipients)
    Non-entitlement communities that are assisted in the submission of
applications by States that administer the CDBG program; and
    Non-entitlement communities eligible to receive CDBG funds under the
HUD-Administered Small Cities CDBG program (Hawaii). The public entity may be
the borrower or it may designate a public agency as the borrower.

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified. See program website for loan details.
Application
process

Interested applicants should contact the local HUD office in advance for help in
preparing an application. See the application process page on the program
website.
Tagged as  Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              167 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 22, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Section 108 Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 397  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

For questions on a specific application, contact your local HUD office or the
staff underwriter in HUD headquarters who is reviewing the application.

For more information on the CDBG Section 108 loan guarantee program, your local
HUD field office will be able to assist you. When applying for a Section 108
loan, the field office is the first to become involved in reviewing the
application.
Purpose

Section 108 is the loan guarantee provision of the Community Development Block
Grant (CDBG) program. Section 108 provides communities with a source of
financing for economic development, housing rehabilitation, public facilities,
and large-scale physical development projects.

This program allows local governments to transform a small portion of their CDBG
funds into federally guaranteed loans large enough to pursue physical and
economic revitalization projects that can renew entire neighborhoods. Such
public investment is often needed to inspire private economic activity,
providing the initial resources or simply the confidence that private firms and
individuals may need to invest in distressed areas.

Local governments borrowing funds guaranteed by Section 108 must pledge their
current and future CDBG allocations to cover the loan amount as security for the
loan.
Eligibility

Eligible applicants include the following public entities:

Metropolitan cities and urban counties (i.e. CDBG entitlement recipients)
    Non-entitlement communities that are assisted in the submission of
applications by States that administer the CDBG program; and
    Non-entitlement communities eligible to receive CDBG funds under the
HUD-Administered Small Cities CDBG program (Hawaii). The public entity may be
the borrower or it may designate a public agency as the borrower.

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified. See program website for loan details.
Application
process

Interested applicants should contact the local HUD office in advance for help in
preparing an application. See the application process page on the program
website.
Tagged as  Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              168 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 8, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Section 108 Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 388  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

For questions on a specific application, contact your local HUD office or the
staff underwriter in HUD headquarters who is reviewing the application.

For more information on the CDBG Section 108 loan guarantee program, your local
HUD field office will be able to assist you. When applying for a Section 108
loan, the field office is the first to become involved in reviewing the
application.
Purpose

Section 108 is the loan guarantee provision of the Community Development Block
Grant (CDBG) program. Section 108 provides communities with a source of
financing for economic development, housing rehabilitation, public facilities,
and large-scale physical development projects.

This program allows local governments to transform a small portion of their CDBG
funds into federally guaranteed loans large enough to pursue physical and
economic revitalization projects that can renew entire neighborhoods. Such
public investment is often needed to inspire private economic activity,
providing the initial resources or simply the confidence that private firms and
individuals may need to invest in distressed areas.

Local governments borrowing funds guaranteed by Section 108 must pledge their
current and future CDBG allocations to cover the loan amount as security for the
loan.
Eligibility

Eligible applicants include the following public entities:

Metropolitan cities and urban counties (i.e. CDBG entitlement recipients)
    Non-entitlement communities that are assisted in the submission of
applications by States that administer the CDBG program; and
    Non-entitlement communities eligible to receive CDBG funds under the
HUD-Administered Small Cities CDBG program (Hawaii). The public entity may be
the borrower or it may designate a public agency as the borrower.

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified. See program website for loan details.
Application
process

Interested applicants should contact the local HUD office in advance for help in
preparing an application. See the application process page on the program
website.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              169 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 6, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Section 108 Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 397  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

For questions on a specific application, contact your local HUD office or the
staff underwriter in HUD headquarters who is reviewing the application.

For more information on the CDBG Section 108 loan guarantee program, your local
HUD field office will be able to assist you. When applying for a Section 108
loan, the field office is the first to become involved in reviewing the
application.
Purpose

Section 108 is the loan guarantee provision of the Community Development Block
Grant (CDBG) program. Section 108 provides communities with a source of
financing for economic development, housing rehabilitation, public facilities,
and large-scale physical development projects.

This program allows local governments to transform a small portion of their CDBG
funds into federally guaranteed loans large enough to pursue physical and
economic revitalization projects that can renew entire neighborhoods. Such
public investment is often needed to inspire private economic activity,
providing the initial resources or simply the confidence that private firms and
individuals may need to invest in distressed areas.

Local governments borrowing funds guaranteed by Section 108 must pledge their
current and future CDBG allocations to cover the loan amount as security for the
loan.
Eligibility

Eligible applicants include the following public entities:

Metropolitan cities and urban counties (i.e. CDBG entitlement recipients)
    Non-entitlement communities that are assisted in the submission of
applications by States that administer the CDBG program; and
    Non-entitlement communities eligible to receive CDBG funds under the
HUD-Administered Small Cities CDBG program (Hawaii). The public entity may be
the borrower or it may designate a public agency as the borrower.

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified. See program website for loan details.
Application
process

Interested applicants should contact the local HUD office in advance for help in
preparing an application. See the application process page on the program
website.
Tagged as  Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              170 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 3, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Section 108 Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 397  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

For questions on a specific application, contact your local HUD office or the
staff underwriter in HUD headquarters who is reviewing the application.

For more information on the CDBG Section 108 loan guarantee program, your local
HUD field office will be able to assist you. When applying for a Section 108
loan, the field office is the first to become involved in reviewing the
application.
Purpose

Section 108 is the loan guarantee provision of the Community Development Block
Grant (CDBG) program. Section 108 provides communities with a source of
financing for economic development, housing rehabilitation, public facilities,
and large-scale physical development projects.

This program allows local governments to transform a small portion of their CDBG
funds into federally guaranteed loans large enough to pursue physical and
economic revitalization projects that can renew entire neighborhoods. Such
public investment is often needed to inspire private economic activity,
providing the initial resources or simply the confidence that private firms and
individuals may need to invest in distressed areas.

Local governments borrowing funds guaranteed by Section 108 must pledge their
current and future CDBG allocations to cover the loan amount as security for the
loan.
Eligibility

Eligible applicants include the following public entities:

Metropolitan cities and urban counties (i.e. CDBG entitlement recipients)
    Non-entitlement communities that are assisted in the submission of
applications by States that administer the CDBG program; and
    Non-entitlement communities eligible to receive CDBG funds under the
HUD-Administered Small Cities CDBG program (Hawaii). The public entity may be
the borrower or it may designate a public agency as the borrower.

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified. See program website for loan details.
Application
process

Interested applicants should contact the local HUD office in advance for help in
preparing an application. See the application process page on the program
website.
Tagged as  Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              171 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 1, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Section 108 Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 398  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

For questions on a specific application, contact your local HUD office or the
staff underwriter in HUD headquarters who is reviewing the application.

For more information on the CDBG Section 108 loan guarantee program, your local
HUD field office will be able to assist you. When applying for a Section 108
loan, the field office is the first to become involved in reviewing the
application.
Purpose

Section 108 is the loan guarantee provision of the Community Development Block
Grant (CDBG) program. Section 108 provides communities with a source of
financing for economic development, housing rehabilitation, public facilities,
and large-scale physical development projects.

This program allows local governments to transform a small portion of their CDBG
funds into federally guaranteed loans large enough to pursue physical and
economic revitalization projects that can renew entire neighborhoods. Such
public investment is often needed to inspire private economic activity,
providing the initial resources or simply the confidence that private firms and
individuals may need to invest in distressed areas.

Local governments borrowing funds guaranteed by Section 108 must pledge their
current and future CDBG allocations to cover the loan amount as security for the
loan.
Eligibility

Eligible applicants include the following public entities:

Metropolitan cities and urban counties (i.e. CDBG entitlement recipients)
    Non-entitlement communities that are assisted in the submission of
applications by States that administer the CDBG program; and
    Non-entitlement communities eligible to receive CDBG funds under the
HUD-Administered Small Cities CDBG program (Hawaii). The public entity may be
the borrower or it may designate a public agency as the borrower.

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified. See program website for loan details.
Application
process

Interested applicants should contact the local HUD office in advance for help in
preparing an application. See the application process page on the program
website.
Tagged as  Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              172 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 30, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Section 108 Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 397  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

For questions on a specific application, contact your local HUD office or the
staff underwriter in HUD headquarters who is reviewing the application.

For more information on the CDBG Section 108 loan guarantee program, your local
HUD field office will be able to assist you. When applying for a Section 108
loan, the field office is the first to become involved in reviewing the
application.
Purpose

Section 108 is the loan guarantee provision of the Community Development Block
Grant (CDBG) program. Section 108 provides communities with a source of
financing for economic development, housing rehabilitation, public facilities,
and large-scale physical development projects.

This program allows local governments to transform a small portion of their CDBG
funds into federally guaranteed loans large enough to pursue physical and
economic revitalization projects that can renew entire neighborhoods. Such
public investment is often needed to inspire private economic activity,
providing the initial resources or simply the confidence that private firms and
individuals may need to invest in distressed areas.

Local governments borrowing funds guaranteed by Section 108 must pledge their
current and future CDBG allocations to cover the loan amount as security for the
loan.
Eligibility

Eligible applicants include the following public entities:

Metropolitan cities and urban counties (i.e. CDBG entitlement recipients)
    Non-entitlement communities that are assisted in the submission of
applications by States that administer the CDBG program; and
    Non-entitlement communities eligible to receive CDBG funds under the
HUD-Administered Small Cities CDBG program (Hawaii). The public entity may be
the borrower or it may designate a public agency as the borrower.

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified. See program website for loan details.
Application
process

Interested applicants should contact the local HUD office in advance for help in
preparing an application. See the application process page on the program
website.
Tagged as  Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              173 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 27, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Section 108 Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 397  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

For questions on a specific application, contact your local HUD office or the
staff underwriter in HUD headquarters who is reviewing the application.

For more information on the CDBG Section 108 loan guarantee program, your local
HUD field office will be able to assist you. When applying for a Section 108
loan, the field office is the first to become involved in reviewing the
application.
Purpose

Section 108 is the loan guarantee provision of the Community Development Block
Grant (CDBG) program. Section 108 provides communities with a source of
financing for economic development, housing rehabilitation, public facilities,
and large-scale physical development projects.

This program allows local governments to transform a small portion of their CDBG
funds into federally guaranteed loans large enough to pursue physical and
economic revitalization projects that can renew entire neighborhoods. Such
public investment is often needed to inspire private economic activity,
providing the initial resources or simply the confidence that private firms and
individuals may need to invest in distressed areas.

Local governments borrowing funds guaranteed by Section 108 must pledge their
current and future CDBG allocations to cover the loan amount as security for the
loan.
Eligibility

Eligible applicants include the following public entities:

Metropolitan cities and urban counties (i.e. CDBG entitlement recipients)
    Non-entitlement communities that are assisted in the submission of
applications by States that administer the CDBG program; and
    Non-entitlement communities eligible to receive CDBG funds under the
HUD-Administered Small Cities CDBG program (Hawaii). The public entity may be
the borrower or it may designate a public agency as the borrower.

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified. See program website for loan details.
Application
process

Interested applicants should contact the local HUD office in advance for help in
preparing an application. See the application process page on the program
website.
Tagged as  Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              174 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 20, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Section 108 Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 358  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

For questions on a specific application, contact your local HUD office or the
staff underwriter in HUD headquarters who is reviewing the application.

For more information on the CDBG Section 108 loan guarantee program, your local
HUD field office will be able to assist you. When applying for a Section 108
loan, the field office is the first to become involved in reviewing the
application.
Purpose

Section 108 is the loan guarantee provision of the Community Development Block
Grant (CDBG) program. Section 108 provides communities with a source of
financing for economic development, housing rehabilitation, public facilities,
and large-scale physical development projects.

This program allows local governments to transform a small portion of their CDBG
funds into federally guaranteed loans large enough to pursue physical and
economic revitalization projects that can renew entire neighborhoods. Such
public investment is often needed to inspire private economic activity,
providing the initial resources or simply the confidence that private firms and
individuals may need to invest in distressed areas.

Local governments borrowing funds guaranteed by Section 108 must pledge their
current and future CDBG allocations to cover the loan amount as security for the
loan.
Eligibility

Eligible applicants include the following public entities:

Metropolitan cities and urban counties (i.e. CDBG entitlement recipients)
    Non-entitlement communities that are assisted in the submission of
applications by States that administer the CDBG program; and
    Non-entitlement communities eligible to receive CDBG funds under the
HUD-Administered Small Cities CDBG program (Hawaii). The public entity may be
the borrower or it may designate a public agency as the borrower.

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified. See program website for loan details.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              175 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 13, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Section 108 Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 398 words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

For questions on a specific application, contact your local HUD office or the
staff underwriter in HUD headquarters who is reviewing the application.

For more information on the CDBG Section 108 loan guarantee program, your local
HUD field office will be able to assist you. When applying for a Section 108
loan, the field office is the first to become involved in reviewing the
application.
Purpose

Section 108 is the loan guarantee provision of the Community Development Block
Grant (CDBG) program. Section 108 provides communities with a source of
financing for economic development, housing rehabilitation, public facilities,
and large-scale physical development projects.

This program allows local governments to transform a small portion of their CDBG
funds into federally guaranteed loans large enough to pursue physical and
economic revitalization projects that can renew entire neighborhoods. Such
public investment is often needed to inspire private economic activity,
providing the initial resources or simply the confidence that private firms and
individuals may need to invest in distressed areas.

Local governments borrowing funds guaranteed by Section 108 must pledge their
current and future CDBG allocations to cover the loan amount as security for the
loan.
Eligibility

Eligible applicants include the following public entities:

Metropolitan cities and urban counties (i.e. CDBG entitlement recipients)
    Non-entitlement communities that are assisted in the submission of
applications by States that administer the CDBG program; and
    Non-entitlement communities eligible to receive CDBG funds under the
HUD-Administered Small Cities CDBG program (Hawaii). The public entity may be
the borrower or it may designate a public agency as the borrower.

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified. See program website for loan details.
Application
process

Interested applicants should contact the local HUD office in advance for help in
preparing an application. See the application process page on the program
website.
Tagged as  Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              176 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 12, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Section 108 Loan Guarantee Program

LENGTH: 398 words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

For questions on a specific application, contact your local HUD office or the
staff underwriter in HUD headquarters who is reviewing the application.

For more information on the CDBG Section 108 loan guarantee program, your local
HUD field office will be able to assist you. When applying for a Section 108
loan, the field office is the first to become involved in reviewing the
application.
Purpose

Section 108 is the loan guarantee provision of the Community Development Block
Grant (CDBG) program. Section 108 provides communities with a source of
financing for economic development, housing rehabilitation, public facilities,
and large-scale physical development projects.

This program allows local governments to transform a small portion of their CDBG
funds into federally guaranteed loans large enough to pursue physical and
economic revitalization projects that can renew entire neighborhoods. Such
public investment is often needed to inspire private economic activity,
providing the initial resources or simply the confidence that private firms and
individuals may need to invest in distressed areas.

Local governments borrowing funds guaranteed by Section 108 must pledge their
current and future CDBG allocations to cover the loan amount as security for the
loan.
Eligibility

Eligible applicants include the following public entities:

Metropolitan cities and urban counties (i.e. CDBG entitlement recipients)
    Non-entitlement communities that are assisted in the submission of
applications by States that administer the CDBG program; and
    Non-entitlement communities eligible to receive CDBG funds under the
HUD-Administered Small Cities CDBG program (Hawaii). The public entity may be
the borrower or it may designate a public agency as the borrower.

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified. See program website for loan details.
Application
process

Interested applicants should contact the local HUD office in advance for help in
preparing an application. See the application process page on the program
website.
Tagged as  Economic development, Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              177 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                            October 20, 2014 Monday

Abengoa inaugurates cellulosic ethanol plant in Kansas, US

SECTION: ETHANOL/BIODIESEL; Industry Updates

LENGTH: 288 words



HIGHLIGHT: Abengoa has opened its first commercial-scale cellulosic ethanol
plant in Hugoton, Kansas, US.


Located about 90 miles southwest of Dodge City, the plant uses only second
generation (2G) biomass feedstocks for ethanol production.

The biorefinery will produce around 25 million gallons of cellulosic ethanol per
year and avoid 132,000 metric tons of carbon dioxide annually.

The cellulosic ethanol produced at the Abengoa Bioenergy Biomass of Kansas
(ABBK) facility will be sold into the ethanol commodity market and used to fuel
light duty vehicles.

The facility features an electricity cogeneration component which will generate
21MW of energy, enough to power itself and provide excess renewable power to the
local Stevens County community.

The Hugoton plant uses Abengoa's enzymatic hydrolysis technology, which turns
biomass into fermentable sugars that are then converted to ethanol.

In 2011, Abengoa secured a $132m loan guarantee from the Department of Energy's
(DOE) Loan Programs Office to support construction of the facility.

The company has also received a $97m grant from the DOE's Office of Energy
Efficiency and Renewable Energy before the loan guarantee was awarded.

Abengoa CEO Manuel Sánchez Ortega said: "The Hugoton plant opening is the result
of 10 years of technical development, roughly 40,000 hours of pilot and
demonstration plant operation, and the support of the DOE.

"This is a proud and pivotal moment for Abengoa and for the larger advanced
bioenergy industry - and further demonstrates our longstanding commitment to
providing sustainable energy alternatives in the United States. This would have
been simply impossible without the establishment of the Renewable Fuel
Standard."

Image: The Hugoton plant uses only second generation biomass feedstocks for
ethanol production. Photo: Courtesy of Abengoa.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              178 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 24, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: USDA Community Facilities Loan and Grant Program

LENGTH: 303  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact  For a list of USDA Rural Development State Offices, see
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

Community Programs, a division of the Housing and Community Facilities Programs,
is part of the United States Department of Agriculture's Rural Development
mission area. Community Programs administers programs designed to develop
essential community facilities for public use in rural areas.

These facilities include schools, libraries, childcare, hospitals, medical
clinics, assisted living facilities, fire and rescue stations, police stations,
community centers, public buildings and transportation. Community Programs
utilizes three flexible financial tools to achieve this goal: the Community
Facilities Direct and Guaranteed Loan Program, the Community Facilities Grant
Program, and the Rural Community Development Initiative.
Eligibility

Community Programs provides grants to assist in the development of essential
community facilities in rural areas and towns of up to 20,000 in population.
Grants are available to public entities such as municipalities, counties, and
special-purpose districts, as well as non-profit corporations and tribal
governments.

Loans and guarantees are available to public entities such as municipalities,
counties, and special-purpose districts, as well as to non-profit corporations
and tribal governments.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding  Amount varies. Grants are authorized on a graduated scale. Applicants
located in small communities with low populations and low incomes will receive a
higher percentage of grants.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              179 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                            February 2, 2015 Monday

Budget wishlist: 'Accessible, affordable education loan crucial to achieve skill
development goal';
The one who cannot afford cost of education thus remain skill-less and
unemployed, which leads to distortion in socio-economic development of the
nation...

LENGTH: 301  words


The one who cannot afford cost of education thus remain skill-less and
unemployed, which leads to distortion in socio-economic development of the
nation...

Millions of students in India who cannot pursue higher/vocational education due
to lack of finance is a matter of grave concern, and a major obstacle in fully
harnessing the potential of young population of the country. The one who cannot
afford cost of education thus remain skill-less and unemployed, which leads to
distortion in socio-economic development of the nation. The problem is more
striking for students from rural areas majority of who are deprived of loan
facility. Also, the current system has failed girls because gender bias in the
society keeps them out of education ambit due to unavailability of finance for
education.

Here is what I expect from government on education front:

Credit guarantee fund

Create a credit guarantee fund similar to one created for MSME sector in India.
With this trust, banks can finance education loans without any collateral from
students. For rural students, banks should offer loans at concessional rate and
with 100% guarantee from the trust. Also, in case of default, the trust will
need to pay 75% of the loan to banks.

Mahila Bank

Mandate Mahila Bank to finance education loans of girls pursuing higher/vocation
education, particularly in rural areas. Banks should offer loans on personal
guarantee of parents and without any collateral.

Lien on future earnings

Student loan financing should move from collateral based to lien on future
earnings.

Micro-financing

Guaranteed by self-help groups, micro-finance facility to students could provide
a breakthrough in financing millions of socio-economically underprivileged
students.

- Ninad Karpe, MD and CEO, Aptech Ltd

(The views expressed here is the author's own)

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2015 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              180 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 1, 2015 Wednesday

FORM 8-K: COMMUNITY HEALTH SYSTEMS INC FILES Current report

LENGTH: 1057  words

DATELINE: Washington


COMMUNITY HEALTH SYSTEMS INC, Delaware, has filed FORM 8-K (Current report) with
Securities and Exchange Commission on April 01, 2015

State or other Jurisdiction of Incorporation: Delaware

Item 1.01  Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

On March 31, 2015, CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc. ("CHS"), a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Community Health Systems, Inc., and certain of CHS' subsidiaries
(the "Originators") amended their existing accounts receivable securitization
program (the "Receivables Facility") with a group of conduit lenders and
liquidity banks (the "Lenders"), Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank,
as a managing agent and as the administrative agent (the "Administrative
Agent"), The Bank of Nova Scotia, as a managing agent, and The Bank of
Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., as a managing agent.

In connection with the amendment of the Receivables Facility, CHS and certain of
CHS' subsidiaries entered into a Fourth Omnibus Amendment of the Receivables
Facility in which the Receivables Sale Agreement, Receivables Purchase and
Contribution Agreement and Receivables Loan Agreement were amended to extend the
facility scheduled termination date and amend certain other provisions thereof.

Pursuant to the Receivables Sale Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2012 (as
amended through March 31, 2015, the "Sale Agreement"), among the Originators,
CHSPSC, LLC (as successor-by-conversion to Community Health Systems Professional
Services Corporation), as the collection agent (the "Collection Agent"), and
CHS, the Originators agreed to sell all existing and future health care accounts
receivable, other than self-pay, originated by the Originators during the term
of the Receivables Facility (collectively, the "Receivables") and other related
assets to CHS in exchange for cash and subordinated notes. The Originators and
CHS intend for the transactions contemplated by the Sale Agreement to be true
sales to CHS by the respective Originators.

Pursuant to the Receivables Purchase and Contribution Agreement, dated as of
March 21, 2012 (as amended through March 31, 2015, the "Purchase Agreement"),
among CHS, the Collection Agent and CHS Receivables Funding, LLC, a
bankruptcy-remote, special purpose limited liability company and a wholly-owned
subsidiary of CHS ("CHS Receivables"), CHS agreed to sell or contribute
Receivables and other related assets to CHS Receivables in exchange for cash
and/or equity. CHS and CHS Receivables intend for the transactions contemplated
by the Purchase Agreement to be true sales or absolute contributions to CHS
Receivables by CHS.

Pursuant to the Receivables Loan Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2012 (as
amended through March 31, 2015, the "Loan Agreement"), among CHS Receivables,
the Administrative Agent, the Lenders party thereto, the financial institutions
party thereto as managing agents for the conduit lenders, and the Collection
Agent, CHS Receivables agreed to grant security interests in its Receivables and
other related assets to the Administrative Agent in exchange for borrowings from
the Lenders of up to $700 million outstanding from time to time based on the
availability of eligible Receivables and other customary factors. Borrowings
will be funded by either (i) the issuance of asset backed commercial paper by
the conduit lenders or (ii) drawing under the committed liquidity facility
provided by the liquidity banks. The lenders under the Loan Agreement are
entitled to receive interest for each day that their loans are outstanding. In
addition, CHS Receivables will pay upfront fees to the managing agents and the
Administrative Agent for their services and ongoing usage fees to the committed
lenders and conduits lenders for their participation in the facility. Unless
earlier terminated or subsequently extended pursuant to the terms of the Loan
Agreement, the Receivables Facility will expire on March 21, 2017. The Loan
Agreement contains customary termination events that could cause an early
termination date, including, among other things, the failure to make timely
payments or deposits under the Loan Agreement, breach of covenants, the failure
to make timely payments under other indebtedness, certain changes of control and
the failure to meet certain leverage ratios and Receivables ratios.

CHS has agreed to guarantee the performance of the Collection Agent under the
Sale Agreement, the Purchase Agreement and the Loan Agreement. CHS has not
agreed to guarantee the collection of any of the Receivables and CHS is not
responsible for any guaranteed obligations to the extent that the failure to
perform such guaranteed obligations by the Collection Agent results from any
Receivable being uncollectible on account of the insolvency or bankruptcy of the
related obligor under such Receivable.

The foregoing summary of the Sale Agreement, the Purchase Agreement and the Loan
Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be
complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of
the Fourth Omnibus Amendment, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and
incorporated into this report by reference.

Item 2.03  Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant

The information set forth in Item 1.01 above is incorporated herein by
reference.


Item 9.01  Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d) Exhibits

The following items are included as Exhibits to this Form 8-K and incorporated
herein by reference:

Exhibit
No.


Description

10.1      Fourth Omnibus Amendment, dated March 31, 2015, to the Receivables
Sale Agreement among CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc., the originators party
thereto and CHSPSC, LLC, as Collection Agent, to the Receivables Purchase and
Contribution Agreement among CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc., CHS Receivables
Funding, LLC and CHSPSC, LLC, as Collection Agent, and to the Receivables Loan
Agreement among CHS Receivables Funding, LLC, the lenders party thereto, the
managing agents party thereto, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as
Administrative Agent, and CHSPSC, LLC, as Collection Agent, all dated as of
March 21, 2012.

For more information please visit: http://www.sec.gov

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              181 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                           January 17, 2013 Thursday

Chouhan announces various schemes for State development

LENGTH: 558 words

DATELINE: Bhopal


Bhopal, Jan. 17 -- Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has said that
cent-percent loan guarantee for establishing self-employment units by youth
costing up to Rs25 lakh will be given by the State Government. Five per cent
interest subsidy will be provided for initial 5 years.

Similarly, up to 20 per cent margin money and loan guarantee on industries worth
up to Rs50,000 will also be given by the State Government. Chouhan was
addressing Yuva Panchayat at Jamboree Maidan here on Wednesday. It was held
under the series of Swami Vivekananda Mahotsav Samaroh. He exhorted youths to
take a pledge for development of self and State.

The CM announced a number of gifts for youths. He said that youths should
establish industries in every village availing benefit of 24-hour power supply
and make their State prosperous and developed. He said that loan guarantee will
be given by the State Government. Now, the State Government will also give
interest on education guarantee loans. Fairs will be held in all districts for
making available higher education loans. Assistance worth up to Rs 15 lakh will
be given to talented students for studies abroad.

Announcing 'Maa Tujhe Pranam Yojna; for youths, Chouhan said that under the
scheme, youths will be taken on visit to border areas. For this, discussions
will be held with the Army. For Olympics, coaching will be imparted to youths in
Madhya Pradesh in water sports, martial arts and shooting. Quantum of sports
prize money will be doubled. Astroturf hockey grounds will be constructed in 15
districts. He said that moral education will be included in syllabus. Yoga
classes will be held in medical colleges. Mukhyamantri Yuva Olympics will be
held at village, development block up to State-level. Its winners will be taken
on visit to Vivekananda Rock Memorial, Kanyakumari. Activities of NSS and NCC
will be expanded in colleges.

The CM announced to bring issuance of duplicate marksheets, migration
certificates and TC under the purview of the Public Service Delivery Guarantee
Act. He said that coaching of martial arts will be imparted in all colleges.
Vacancies of professors will be filled up and smart classes expanded in
colleges. Eleven colleges will be developed as community colleges. For SC, ST
students, 20 post-matric boys and 20 post-matric girls hostels will be
established. Wifi facility will be given in colleges and internet facility in
schools. A campaign will be launched to upgrade laboratories in all colleges.

Chouhan said that first vocational university of the country will be established
to impart job-oriented education to youths. Placement cells will be set up in
all colleges at the district level and Vivekananda Yuva Kendras will be
established in all districts. Engineering colleges are being opened at Jhabua,
Shahdol and Naugaon. He said that Mukhyamantri Yuva Contractor Yojna will be
launched for the benefit of engineering pass outs. They will be trained and if
needed, will also be provided working Capital. Besides, Chief Minister's
Internship Scheme will also be launched. Loans worth upto Rs10 lakh each will be
made available to youths to start custom hiring centres. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with respect to this
article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              182 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            January 28, 2011 Friday

Belgium: The statistical recording of operations undertaken by the European
Financial Stability Facility

LENGTH: 1138  words

DATELINE: Brussels


Brussels, Jan. 28 -- European Commission has issued Following press release:

Eurostat, the statistical office of the European Union, has today published a
decision on the recording of operations undertaken by the European Financial
Stability Facility. A more detailed technical note1 is also published on the
Eurostat website.

Eurostat has decided that the funds raised in the framework of the European
Financial Stability Facility must be recorded in the gross government debt of
the euro area Member States participating in a support operation, in proportion
to their share of the guarantee given.

This decision is consistent with the opinion, approved by a large majority, of
the Committee for Monetary, Financial and Balance of Payments statistics2 (CMFB)
as described in annex.

The set-up of the EFSF

The creation of a European Financial Stability Facility (EFSF) was finalised by
the agreement reached on 7 June 2010 between the 16 states who were members of
the euro area at that date. This Facility, created for three years and available
for members of the euro area, allows up to 440 billion euro to be borrowed to
loan to a Member State which is no longer able to borrow from the markets, or
only under too severe conditions. This raising of funds by the EFSF is supported
by an irrevocable and unconditional guarantee given by the members of the euro
area, in proportion to their share in the capital of the European Central Bank,
adjusted for each support operation.

The entity managing the Facility is a limited company based in Luxembourg. This
company (whose start-up capital is 30 million euro) is not a financial
institution subject to the legal arrangements in force in Luxembourg for this
type of institution.

If a Member State makes a request to benefit from this Facility, the European
Commission, together with the European Central Bank and the International
Monetary Fund, makes a proposal on a "loan facility" to the euro area Member
States, who then take a unanimous decision. The EFSF is charged with raising the
funding on the market and making the loan, with the technical assistance of
other institutions, notably the European Investment Bank (EIB) and the
Finanzagentur (the German public debt agency).

Analysis of the EFSF in national accounts

For Eurostat, the main question is to decide, in the case that the Facility
comes into operation, to who the debt raised should be attributed. The Member
State benefiting from the loan will of course have a debt, but to who belongs
the initial debt acquired by the Facility in order to make the loan?

Eurostat's opinion is that the EFSF does not possess all the normal
characteristics of an institutional unit under ESA 95. It has no capacity for
initiative and a limited autonomy of decision in the exercise of its primary
function, providing loans to countries in difficulty and their financing.
Decisions related to this primary function are in practice subject to the prior
approval, usually unanimous, of the Eurogroup members taking part in a support
operation. Furthermore, Eurostat considers that EFSF can not be regarded as an
international financial institution, of which it

has none of the usual characteristics. It cannot also be consolidated with any
of the European institutions established by the Treaties (such as the European
Commission, Council or Parliament). In practice, the EFSF only reports on its
activities to the Eurogroup (recognized in the Treaty of Lisbon as just a
working group of the Council) and is not under the control of existing European
institutions.

Eurostat therefore considers that the EFSF is an accounting and treasury tool to
enable the same conditions for access to borrowing for members of the euro area,
acting exclusively on behalf of them and under their total control. Not being an
institutional unit as defined in national accounts, EFSF operations must be
partially consolidated in national accounts tables with the institutional units
to which it belongs, in this case, the governments of euro area Member States.

Eurostat's decision

Based on the preceding analysis, Eurostat therefore considers that the debt
issued by the EFSF for each support operation for a member of the euro area must
be reallocated to the public accounts of States providing guarantees, in
proportion to their share of the guarantees for each debt issuing operation. It
will be therefore accounted for in the government debt of States having provided
guarantees.

In accounting terms, EFSF will be classified in national accounts in the
financial corporations sector in Luxembourg. The loans made by it will remain
under its own name but, in the national accounts, this debt will result in
addition to the recording of a loan from the EFSF to the guarantor Member
States, based on their share of the guarantee for the loan transaction. These
Member States will record in their national accounts, in proportion to their
share and for an amount equal to the EFSF loan registered in their accounts, a
loan to the euro area Member State which has requested the activation of the
mutual support mechanism through the EFSF. This will not affect the amount of
the government debt of the borrowing Member State, but simply the geographical
breakdown of it.

The recording of these flows via the Member States providing guarantees will
have an impact on their gross government debt (as defined in the Maastricht
Treaty), but this transaction will be neutral in terms of debt, net of the loans
they have granted for support operations to other Member States.

In addition, all revenue streams (interest, margins and service fees), recorded
on an accrual basis, will pass through the national accounts of States having
provided a guarantee. A portion of these flows (margins and service fees) will
have a positive impact on government deficit/surplus of these States.

This decision contributes to the comparability of data on public finances across
the EU, since it allows the recording in the same way, especially as regards the
impact on gross and net debt, of all support operations, whether done on a
bilateral basis - as in the case of the euro area for Greece in the spring of
2010, or by some non-members of the euro area in the case of Ireland - or
through a specific entity such as the EFSF.

Eurostat will from now on publish, in its twice yearly News Release on the
notification of government deficit and debt data for EU Member States,
information that will permit the calculation of Member States' debt, net of the
loans they have granted for support operations to other Member States.

For more information please contact info@plusmediasolutions.co Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              183 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Mirror (Sri Lanka)

                             July 19, 2011 Tuesday

CBSL credit programmes disburse Rs.4.6 billion in Northern province

LENGTH: 1008  words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, July 19 -- Since mid 2009, Central Bank of Sri Lanka (CBSL) has been
actively engaged in promotion of livelihood and Income Generating Activities
(IGAs) among the conflict affected households and resettled Internally Displaced
Persons (IDPs) in the Northern Province.

For this purpose, in keeping with the Government's vision, the CBSL, by
allocating Rs.3,000 million, introduced a separate credit line named "Awakening
North" which was exclusively designed for meeting the requirement of conflict
affected businesses/IGAs in the Province. Further, a special Credit Guarantee
Scheme was introduced to promote development credit through Participating
Financial Institutions (PFIs). In addition to the above, activities under
Poverty Alleviation Microfinance Project - PAMP II 'Prabodini' were also
extended into the Jaffna Peninsula in 2009.

In order to make the people aware on facilities available under formal financial
sector and to promote financial inclusiveness among low income groups, CBSL has
been engaged in a financial literacy programme since mid 2009. During last two
year period, CBSL conducted 571 such awareness programmes addressing 35,250
people in the Northern Province.

Under the above credit lines, PFIs were provided with a package of
services/inputs including refinance at a low rate and credit guarantee to extend
financial facilities to the deserving segment of the population. Basically such
credit lines were designed to provide assistance for resumption of former
businesses, Income Generating Activities (IGAs) and livelihood of the affected
persons/households facilitating them to reactivate their economic life.
Accordingly, credit facilities were made available for eligible persons under
different activities in the Agriculture, Livestock, Fisheries, Small and Medium
Sector Enterprises (SMEs) and micro businesses sectors.

In order to coordinate the development activities in the Northern Province, CBSL
also took steps to open a Provincial Office (PO) in Jaffna in July 2010.

Agriculture

Since agriculture is the principal livelihood/income generating activity of
majority of the people in the Northern Province, PFIs were requested to extend
agricultural credit to remote village areas and CBSL has taken action to relax
some conditions and introduced a system of Credit Guarantee to mitigate the risk
of PFIs and to encourage them to penetrate the rural agricultural market in the
Province. As a result, the extent of land cultivated with bank finance and the
number and volume of loans granted for short term cultivation, increased
sharply. The progress of disbursement of short term cultivation loans is
indicated below.

In addition to granting short term cultivation loans, PFIs also provided
facilities for long term investment in agriculture, i.e. perennial crop
cultivation such as grape and banana, construction of minor irrigation systems,
purchasing of agricultural machinery and equipment and many other requirements
that lead to increase in yield levels on a sustainable basis. In that context
PFIs granted 7,437 term loans to the value of Rs.1,327 million for long term
agricultural projects in the Northern Province, under 3 credit programmes, i.e.
'Awakening North', Provincial Development and 'Viskam' loan schemes as at end
June 2011.

Livestock sector

When the Agro Livestock Development Loan (ALDL) scheme was introduced in 2009,
CBSL conducted a series of awareness programmes among the farmers to educate
them on best animal husbandry practices. Since the Jaffna farmer is familiar
with the crop livestock integrated farming system, many husbandry practices were
accepted by them and loan facilities were granted for construction of cattle
sheds, cultivation of animal fodder and purchase of equipment etc. According to
PFIs, a total number of 2,120 loans to the value of Rs.521 million have been
granted for livestock sector activities from June 2009 to May 2011.

Fisheries sector

During the year 2010, PFIs were able to grant 417 loans to the value of Rs.311
million for the fisheries sector activities including purchasing boats and
equipment, fishing gear, marketing dry fish and to commence self employment
projects among the fishing community. Loan facilities for such activities were
made available under special credit lines implemented by CBSL and PFIs own
credit programmes as well.

SME sector

Considering the affected number of Small and Medium Scale Enterprises (SMEs) in
the Northern Province in 2010, CBSL introduced a special loan scheme named
'Saubagya' to support affected SMEs. In addition to the above, loans were made
available under the existing loan schemes namely Awakening North and Provincial
Development for SMEs.

As at 30.05.2011, PFIs granted 5,351 loans to the value of Rs.948 million under
the three SME loan schemes operated in the Province.

Microfinance for poverty alleviation

Since mid 2009, CBSL took measures to extend facilities in the Northern Province
under 'Prabodini'. The project adopted the "credit plus" approach to address the
poverty issues using Self Help Group (SHG) system as a methodology for delivery
of services to the low income people. Accordingly, the project was able to reach
422 villages in the Northern Province and form 4,269 SHGs with a total number of
23,233 low income families in the Province. All of them were exposed to a
comprehensive awareness programme conducted by Project staff and later were
linked with the formal financial system. Over 9,000 Group members were provided
with Rs.710 million for short term cultivation purposes during 2010/2011 Maha
season, in addition to 5,016 micro loans to the value of Rs.258 million granted
for micro enterprises under 'Prabodini'.

Central Bank is to open a Project Regional Office (PRO) at Jaffna under Poverty
Alleviation Microfinance Project - 'Prabodini' on July 20 this year. Published
by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Mirror Sri Lanka. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Wijeya Newspaper Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              184 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                             August 27, 2012 Monday

Questions over Eden Park loan

SECTION: PROPERTY; General

LENGTH: 277 words


An Auckland councillor has questioned Eden Park"s need for a ratepayer guarantee
on a loan extension after its huge $240 million upgrade.

Cameron Brewer said it was wrong that Auckland Council had to back a $40 million
loan extension from ASB after the Government forked out $189 million on the park
before Rugby World Cup.

"Yet Eden Park still struggles to lift its revenue despite these new facilities.
That is a real worry," he said. The park should be more profitable and he
suggested selling naming rights to retire millions of dollars of debt.

"For the sake of our ratepayers, we may have to put that back on the table one
day soon. The real debate will be in the coming months and years as to whether
council takes over Eden Park and all its debt and the risks that come with it,
or leaves the trust to it," he said.

A council report showed ASB would not stump up the $40 million loan extension
without ratepayer backing.

Andrew McKenzie, the council"s chief finance controller, explained how money was
needed by the Eden Park Trust to operate the park. The guarantee was originally
negotiated by the former Auckland City Council on behalf of the region"s local
bodies in July 2010, he said. It was then transferred to the new council. The
trust had assets of $320 million and debt of $55 million.

"We feel it"s timely to look at changes to both the ASB facility and council"s
loan. The loan extension provides the Eden Park Trust with a stable financial
environment while it works with partners on a longer-term business model."

The upgrade cost the rugby union and the former Auckland Regional Council $10
million each; $6 million came from ASB Community Trust.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              185 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                           January 30, 2013 Wednesday

CM addresses Kesh Shilpi Panchayat at his home

LENGTH: 435 words

DATELINE: Bhopal


Bhopal, Jan. 30 -- The State Government will provide land and requisite funds
for construction of the memorial of Saint Sen Maharaj at his birthplace
Bandhavgarh in Umaria district. The teachings and spiritual literature by Sant
Shiromani Sen Maharaj will be published. The Chief Minister Shivraj Singh
Chouhan made these announcements while addressing Kesh Shilpi Panchayat here on
Tuesday.

Chouhan said that a proposal will be forwarded to the Centre urging it to enlist
Sen Community as Scheduled Caste. The Panchayat was organised by the Urban
Administration & Development Department in order to have dialogues with the Sen
community members.

The Chief Minister announced a number of facilities for the Sen Community
members traditionally engaged in hair cutting occupation. He said that places
will be specified for hair dressers in urban and rural areas. Hair dressers will
be imparted trained into modern techniques while women belonging to the
community will also be encouraged to receive formal training as beautician. The
Government will facilitate the community's youths take loans for
self-employment. Financial assistance will be also be ensured for taking loans
from Rs 50,000 upto Rs 2 lakh and above. Bank guarantee, loan subsidy and margin
money will also be given to loan seekers.

Chouhan said that hair dressers' families will be covered under Deendayal
Antyodaya Upchar Yojna and State Illness Fund. Their children will be given
scholarship from first standard. Loan guarantee will also be extended for higher
studies. Coverage of Janshree insurance scheme will also be available.

Reiterating commitment to advancement of the community, the Chief Minister said
that all efforts would be made to uphold dignity of the community. The Chief
Minister felicitated Jai Narayan Bhati, who holds world record in the art of
hair dressing.Describing members of Sen community as honest and hard working,
Urban Administration and Development Minister Babulal Gaur said that the State
Government is working for the poor, farmers and deprived sections who find
social protection. Minister of State for UAD Manohar Oontwal read out a message
of Swami Achalananda Maharaj. He said that on the initiative of the Chief
Minister, welfare schemes have been chalked out for every section. Several
programmes have been chalked out for economic advancement of domestic maid
servants, street vendors and handcart/rickshaw pullers. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with respect to this
article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              186 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           December 5, 2012 Wednesday

Microfinance banks allowed loan facility

LENGTH: 428  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


The State Bank of Pakistan, in a major move, has allowed micro-finance banks
(MFBs) to avail financing under the credit guarantee scheme that would help
micro enterprises to boost their business.

The facility was earlier available only to commercial banks and was meant for
servicing small and rural enterprises.

"The State Bank has extended the scope of the Credit Guarantee Scheme (CGS) by
including micro-finance banks as eligible Participating Financial Institutions
(PFIs) to enable micro enterprises to benefit from this scheme," said a circular
issued by the SBP on Tuesday.

The central bank has kept small enterprises in focus for the last many years,
but it seems that results are far from the desired level. Micro-finance banks
and micro enterprises were also the target of last many governments but growth
in this sector was not enough to have a significant share in economy.

The State Bank said now MFBs would be able to extend loans from above Rs150,000
upto Rs500,000 to micro enterprises for a tenor not exceeding five years.

Earlier, the facility under the CGS was not limited to the small enterprises
located in rural areas. The scheme provides separate definitions of small
enterprises and rural enterprises.

Small enterprises located in urban areas were also eligible for financing
provided they fall within the target market given in the scheme.

Also, banks could extend additional loans to a borrower other than guaranteed
loans under their normal business operations "The micro-finance banks would find
great comfort in taking credit risks as they now enjoy risk coverage of 40pc on
their loans to micro enterprises," said the SBP circular.

A banker explained that the risk in loans given under the guarantee scheme to
small enterprise will be covered by the central bank up to 40 per cent which
means in case of default, 40pc loss would be borne by the SBP.

It further said that micro finance banks, which have already obtained prior
approval of SBP for undertaking 'micro enterprise' lending can apply for
allocation of credit exposure limits under the credit guarantee scheme, the
circular added.

The scheme encourages banks to extend cash flow based lending facilities to its
borrower which depicts adequate cash flows and repayment capacity.

However, the scheme does not restrict banks to demand collaterals from
borrowers; ie the banks can, in their own discretion, solicit collaterals from a
fresh borrower and additional collateral from existing collateral deficient
borrowers in case they are not satisfied with their cash flows or repayment
capacity.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2012 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              187 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                      Dawn

                           December 5, 2012 Wednesday

Microfinance banks allowed loan facility

BYLINE:  Shahid Iqbal

SECTION: Vol. LXVI No. 334

LENGTH: 428  words


The State Bank of Pakistan, in a major move, has allowed micro-finance banks
(MFBs) to avail financing under the credit guarantee scheme that would help
micro enterprises to boost their business.

The facility was earlier available only to commercial banks and was meant for
servicing small and rural enterprises.

"The State Bank has extended the scope of the Credit Guarantee Scheme (CGS) by
including micro-finance banks as eligible Participating Financial Institutions
(PFIs) to enable micro enterprises to benefit from this scheme," said a circular
issued by the SBP on Tuesday.

The central bank has kept small enterprises in focus for the last many years,
but it seems that results are far from the desired level. Micro-finance banks
and micro enterprises were also the target of last many governments but growth
in this sector was not enough to have a significant share in economy.

The State Bank said now MFBs would be able to extend loans from above Rs150,000
upto Rs500,000 to micro enterprises for a tenor not exceeding five years.

Earlier, the facility under the CGS was not limited to the small enterprises
located in rural areas. The scheme provides separate definitions of small
enterprises and rural enterprises.

Small enterprises located in urban areas were also eligible for financing
provided they fall within the target market given in the scheme.

Also, banks could extend additional loans to a borrower other than guaranteed
loans under their normal business operations "The micro-finance banks would find
great comfort in taking credit risks as they now enjoy risk coverage of 40pc on
their loans to micro enterprises," said the SBP circular.

A banker explained that the risk in loans given under the guarantee scheme to
small enterprise will be covered by the central bank up to 40 per cent which
means in case of default, 40pc loss would be borne by the SBP.

It further said that micro finance banks, which have already obtained prior
approval of SBP for undertaking 'micro enterprise' lending can apply for
allocation of credit exposure limits under the credit guarantee scheme, the
circular added.

The scheme encourages banks to extend cash flow based lending facilities to its
borrower which depicts adequate cash flows and repayment capacity.

However, the scheme does not restrict banks to demand collaterals from
borrowers; ie the banks can, in their own discretion, solicit collaterals from a
fresh borrower and additional collateral from existing collateral deficient
borrowers in case they are not satisfied with their cash flows or repayment
capacity.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2012 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              188 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            April 13, 1994 Wednesday

BYLINE: ANNE JACOBS Tribune Staff Writer

LENGTH: 218 words


HAZEN -- Hazen Winter Sports left Monday night's City Commission meeting
empty-handed. Two weeks earlier the group had requested a $250,000 loan
guarantee from the city to help secure financing to expand the Hazen All Seasons
Arena. Although the commissioners expressed personal support for the project,
they said legal limits and public comments they've received forced them to deny
the loan guarantee request. ""The city can get involved only if this becomes a
public activity,'' City Attorney Greg Lange told commissioners. For that, Hazen
Winter Sports would have to sell the building to the city, school or park
district. If the city owned the building, it could then borrow funds for
development of the facility, paying off the loan through a lease agreement with
Hazen Winter Sports. Lange cautioned commissioners that the city would then be
""primarily responsible'' for any accidents or problems incurred in the daily
use of the arena. This plan would also be subject to the city's borrowing
limits. And once the loan is paid, the city would not be allowed to reconvey the
facility to Hazen Winter Sports. When asked if Hazen Community Development could
step in, Lange said HCD would be unable to guarantee the loan because the
addition to the arena would not create any new jobs after construction.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1994 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              189 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                             June 15, 2010 Tuesday

PUBLIC POWER: Lugar Proposal Would Expand Federal Nuclear Loan Guarantees

BYLINE: Audrey Dutton

SECTION: WASHINGTON; Pg. 5 Vol. 372 No. 33333

LENGTH: 541  words


Sen. Richard G. Lugar, R-Ind., has joined a growing number of senators pushing
for climate-change and energy reform by introducing legislation designed to help
utilities taper off their use of coal-fired power plants and spur the
development of nuclear power.

The bill, which was introduced last week, would provide some benefits to power
utilities but would not provide the funding for other infrastructure that is
included in the climate-change package proposed by Sens. John Kerry, D-Mass.,
and Joseph Lieberman, I-Conn. Those two senators today are expected to announce
the results of a federal economic analysis of their bill.

Lugar's proposal would establish a voluntary program under which utilities would
be allowed to forego some high-cost regulatory compliance measures for their
oldest and highest polluting coal-fired power plants over the next few years in
exchange for agreeing to close down the plants by 2018. Such plants account for
about 16% of the country's coal-generation capacity, according to an outline of
the bill.

The legislation also would provide an additional $36 billion in federal loan
guarantee authority for new nuclear power generation facilities. Kerry and
Lieberman proposed to almost triple to $54 billion the amount of funding
available for nuclear power facilities under the federal loan guarantee program,
and to more than double to $100 billion the total amount available for energy
loan guarantees.

So far, the federal loan guarantee program has already given the Municipal
Electric Authority of Georgia $1.8 billion to help build new nuclear units. MEAG
issued about $2.5 billion of muni bonds in March to help fund its share of the
project.

Additionally, the Lugar bill would offer electrical utility customers
low-interest loans for energy-efficiency improvements through an existing Rural
Utilities Service partnership with nonprofit electric cooperatives and other
public power entities.

It also would create a $500 million state revolving loan program under which the
federal government would split the cost of loans to commercial and industrial
manufacturers for energy reduction. Possible lenders would include state
governments and community and economic development authorities. The federal
government would provide up to $100 million of matching funds per year for each
lender, from fiscal 2010 through 2014.

In contrast to the Kerry-Lieberman proposal, Lugar's bill would not generate
federal revenue from emissions fees that would be redirected to transportation
infrastructure programs. The Kerry-Lieberman package would provide up to $6.5
billion for infrastructure.

Lugar introduced the bill Wednesday, one day before the Senate voted to block a
measure that would have given it more time to approve a comprehensive climate
and energy package, and may have given utilities more time to adjust to possible
changes to their energy production systems.

Fifty-three senators on Thursday voted against Alaska Republican Sen. Lisa
Murkowski's measure that would have precluded the Environmental Protection
Agency from acting on its finding in December that certain carbon-based
emissions are a threat to public health, which had opened the door for it to
regulate those emissions under the Clean Air Act.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com/

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BB


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              190 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                             July 3, 2010 Saturday

Obama announces $400M loan for Abound Solar's plants in Longmont and Indiana

BYLINE: John Aguilar, Camera Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 774 words


Online

See Abound Solar's Web site at  abound.com.

Longmont could be adding as many as 300 private-sector jobs over the next few
months as the result of a $400 million federal loan guarantee a solar company in
the city was awarded Saturday.

President Barack Obama announced the loan to Abound Solar, a Loveland-based
company with a manufacturing facility in Longmont, during his weekly radio
address Saturday.

The company, which employs 360 people in Colorado and manufactures thin film
solar panels, will nearly double its employee base in the state, Abound Solar
spokesman Mark Chen said.

He said it's not yet clear exactly how the new jobs will break down between
Abound Solar's Longmont production facility, its headquarters in Loveland and
its research lab in Fort Collins.

But he said Longmont would most likely be the biggest beneficiary since the bulk
of production is done in the city. The company will be able to add two
production lines to the one it already has in Longmont as a result of the loan
guarantee, Chen said.

"We'll have our second manufacturing line in place by the second quarter of next
year and we'll be hiring well in advance of that," Chen said Saturday.

The loan guarantee is part of nearly $2 billion in stimulus funds approved by
the Department of Energy to Abound and Arizona-based Abengoa Solar Inc., Obama
said in the address.

The loan guarantee to Abound is estimated to create 1,500 permanent jobs in
Colorado and Indiana and eventually result in the production of "millions of
state-of-the-art solar panels each year," the president said. It will also
create 2,000 construction jobs.

The company plans another manufacturing operation at an empty Chrysler plant in
Tipton, Ind.

"With a little stimulus, the company can drive down the cost of solar
electricity while producing good-paying jobs in the United States," Chen said.

He predicted salaries for workers at Abound, which began production in Longmont
last fall, would be about 40 percent higher than the local average salary and
that the company would be hiring engineers, equipment technicians and production
operators.

U.S. Sen. Michael Bennet, who was in Boulder for a campaign rally Saturday, was
elated at the news. The Democrat said the grant application for the loan
guarantee "was a tremendous piece of work."

"I think we have the potential to beat all 50 states in terms of creating an
energy-independent future for our kids, creating a cleaner climate and driving
our economy as well," he said. "Washington may not be ready or willing to
compete with China, but Colorado is."

The White House said the project marks the first time this new manufacturing
technology for Cadmium-Telluride panels will be deployed commercially anywhere
in the world.

Abound Solar will use proprietary manufacturing technology developed jointly by
Colorado State University, the National Renewable Energy Laboratory and the
National Science Foundation.

It will produce photovoltaic panels using an innovative process in which thin
films of Cadmium-Telluride are deposited onto the glass panels, according to the
White House. The technology reduces overall product costs.

U.S. Rep. Betsy Markey, a Fort Collins Democrat who represents Longmont, said
she and other members of Colorado's congressional delegation have been urging
the Department of Energy to approve the application from Abound.

"Without the loan guarantees, they would not be able to really move forward on
this project," Markey said.

Federal loan guarantees help companies gain access to capital from a financial
sector that's still reluctant to lend. They remove the risks for lenders.

Abengoa Solar is expected to get a $1.45 billion loan guarantee to build a large
solar generation plant near Gila Bend, Ariz.

The Obama administration previously announced 11 other solar projects funded
with the help of $13 billion in loan guarantees from the stimulus bill.

"This project is yet another example what the Recovery Act has done in
communities across the country in creating the new, clean energy jobs of the
future," Energy Secretary Steven Chu said in a news release. "By supporting new
cutting-edge solar manufacturing technologies, we are advancing a diverse
renewable energy portfolio while helping to position the U.S. at the forefront
of the global green economy."

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

Walajabad Sampath, an associate professor of mechanical engineering at Colorado
State University, peers through a window in the door of one of his machines. He
invented a machine that gave birth to Abound Solar, which has a factory in
Longmont that employs more than 300 people.

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Walajabad Sampath, an associate professor of mechanical engineering at
Colorado State University, peers through a window in the door of one of his
machines. He invented a machine that gave birth to Abound Solar, which has a
factory in Longmont that employs more than 300 people. An employee works on
equipment at Abound Solar's Longmont production facility. President Barack Obama
on Saturday announced the federal government will award the company a $400
million loan, which will create about 300 new jobs in Longmont.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2010 Daily Camera and Boulder Publishing, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              191 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                           September 23, 2012 Sunday

Affordable housing project breaks ground on northside

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 459 words


ALBUQUERQUE - USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner was in Deming,
New Mexico Tuesday to help break ground and celebrate the construction of the
$5.4 million Sierra Vista Apartment Complex, the newest apartment complex being
built in that southwestern community.

During the celebration Brunner told the audience, "Not only will this project
provide housing for 24 families, it is also contributing to our nation's
economic recovery because of the construction jobs it created and the permanent
jobs that will be filled to operate the facility."

Brunner added: "For more than 60 years, USDA has worked to increase
homeownership opportunities for rural Americans whether it is a home loan or
funding the construction of an apartment complex, and I can guarantee you the
Obama administration will continue to support these types of projects throughout
rural America."

USDA Rural Development provided the funding for the construction of the 24-unit
complex through a $1,000,000 loan through its Multi-Family Housing Program. The
rest of the funding was made through the tax credit proceeds by the New Mexico
Mortgage Finance Authority in the amount of $4,426,694.

Also being built at the apartment complex will be a manager's unit, a common
area for use by tenants, and two centrally located playgrounds.

By next summer, residents will be able to occupy their new homes when the
construction of the apartment complex is expected to be completed.

For additional information on RD projects, please visit Rural Development's new
interactive web map featuring program funding and success stories for fiscal
years 2009-2011. The data can be found at:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/RDSuccessStories.html.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that
stands as the backbone of our American values.

President Obama and Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack are committed to a smarter
use of federal resources to foster sustainable economic prosperity and ensure
the government is a strong partner for businesses, entrepreneurs and working
families in rural communities.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, has an active portfolio of
more than $172 billion in loans and loan guarantees. These programs are designed
to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses, residents,
farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural America.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ground was broke last Tuesday for the Sierra Vista Apartments, a
24-unit affordable housing project on Deming s northside. Support services for
people with disabilities will make up 20 percent of the units, with 19 that will
offer rental assistance which will not surpass 30 percent of a persons income.
On hand for the ground breaking were, from left, Martha Long, Jennifer Delaney,
Terry Brunner, Rick McInturff, Jeff Curry and in the background, Jerry Welch.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2012 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              192 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                   Turtle Mountain Star (Rolla, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                December 1, 2014

Turtle Mountain Community College receives share of $5.2 million in funding

BYLINE: Turtle Mountain Star staff

LENGTH: 242  words


More than $5.2 million in federal funding and loans to support tribal colleges
and Head Start programs across the state were released recently to the
respective schools and programs.

Turtle Mountain Community College, Fort Berthold Community College and United
Tribes Technical Community College will each receive $145,302 for new
renovations and constructions on campus.

The funds and loans are made available by the U.S. Department of

Agriculture's (USDA) Community Facilities Program, which focus on rural areas
and towns with a population of up to 20,000 in providing loans grants and loan
guarantees for essential community facilities which typically focus on
education, health care, and public safety.

The grants are distributed as follows:

United Tribes Technical College - $145,302: This federal funding is allocated by
the USDA's Community Facility Grant's Tribal College

Initiative, and will be used to renovate two streets on campus, including curb
and gutter replacement and drainage problem corrections on campus.

Fort Berthold Community College - $145,302: This federal funding is allocated by
the USDA's Community Facility Grant's Tribal College Initiative, and will be
used to add a greenhouse to the school's campus.

Turtle Mountain Community College - $145,302: This federal funding is allocated
by the USDA's

Community Facility Grant's Tribal College Initiative, and will be used to
replace roofing for upgrades to the Medical Building on campus.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TUR

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2014 Turtle Mountain Star


                              193 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 8, 2014 Thursday

Utah: USDA Community Facilities Loan and Grant Program

LENGTH: 303  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

For a list of USDA Rural Development State Offices, see
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

Community Programs, a division of the Housing and Community Facilities Programs,
is part of the United States Department of Agriculture's Rural Development
mission area. Community Programs administers programs designed to develop
essential community facilities for public use in rural areas.

These facilities include schools, libraries, childcare, hospitals, medical
clinics, assisted living facilities, fire and rescue stations, police stations,
community centers, public buildings and transportation. Community Programs
utilizes three flexible financial tools to achieve this goal: the Community
Facilities Direct and Guaranteed Loan Program, the Community Facilities Grant
Program, and the Rural Community Development Initiative.
Eligibility

Community Programs provides grants to assist in the development of essential
community facilities in rural areas and towns of up to 20,000 in population.
Grants are available to public entities such as municipalities, counties, and
special-purpose districts, as well as non-profit corporations and tribal
governments.

Loans and guarantees are available to public entities such as municipalities,
counties, and special-purpose districts, as well as to non-profit corporations
and tribal governments.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Amount varies. Grants are authorized on a graduated scale. Applicants located in
small communities with low populations and low incomes will receive a higher
percentage of grants.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              194 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Idaho Business Review (Boise, ID)

                              May 25, 2010 Tuesday

Local officials see $2 billion loan guarantee as another step on road to Eagle
Rock uranium enrichment plant

BYLINE: Anne Wallace Allen

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 563  words


Bob Everhart, the executive director of the Idaho Falls Convention and Visitors
Bureau, had been confident all along that the proposed Eagle Rock uranium
enrichment plant would move forward as planned 18 miles west of Idaho Falls.

But news that the plant's French-owned builder, Areva Inc., had won a $2 billion
federal loan guarantee for the project came as a relief to Everhart, who has
been following Areva closely since the company chose Idaho Falls as its site for
the plant in May 2008. The plant will provide uranium enrichment services for
the nuclear power industry.

"Now that it has actually happened, we can look forward to one more step, and
that is getting the actual permits," Everhart said May 24. Areva has applied for
licensing from the federal Nuclear Regulatory Commission, a process not expected
to be completed until June 2011.

"Once that happens they'll start hiring employees," Everhart said.

The U.S. Department of Energy announced May 20 that Areva's U.S. subsidiary,
Areva Enrichment Services LLC, would obtain $2 billion in federal loan
guarantees for its Idaho Falls project. Areva has proposed to build a
multi-billion-dollar plant that will use advanced centrifuge technology for
uranium enrichment, a step in producing nuclear energy.

"AREVA is elated by this decision which will enable us to continue development
of our Eagle Rock facility in Idaho and contribute to rebuilding America's
energy infrastructure so we can produce more CO2-free electricity," said Jacques
Besnainou, chief executive officer of AREVA North America.

The Boise-based anti-nuclear group Snake River Alliance said it considers the
loan guarantee a subsidy from the U.S. government that should not go to a French
company.

"This won't produce any power for the state of Idaho," said Liz Woodruff, an
energy policy analyst for the state of Idaho, noting that the proposed plant
would produce enriched uranium, but not energy.

All four members of Idaho's congressional delegation have shown support for the
plant, saying it would produce clean energy and reduce greenhouse gas emissions.

Everhart and Linda Martin, the executive director of the business group Grow
Idaho Falls, said the local community is strongly behind the plant as well. The
area's population is about 54,000.

"Everyone in the community is pulling for Areva," said Martin, who has seen her
area's unemployment rise from 1.9 percent in 2008 to about 6 percent now.

It will likely take another full year for Areva to complete the NRC licensing
process, said Jarret Adams, a spokesman for Areva based in Bethesda, Md.

"We'll expect to break ground as soon after that as possible," said Adams,
adding that Areva aims to have the plant running sometime in 2014.

Areva has said construction of the plant will create thousands of temporary
jobs. The plant will employ about 400 people full-time after it is completed.
Martin said those jobs are expected to pay $40,000 to $60,000 and that Areva
would hire its staff from the local community, where there are skilled workers
available.

Martin said she hoped many of the people who are now working for the Idaho
Cleanup Project at the Idaho National Laboratory site will be able to move to
jobs at the nuclear power plant.

"What we had always hoped was as the tasks with the Idaho Cleanup Project were
completed, we have people who can dovetail into the Areva project," Martin said.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              195 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Idaho Business Review (Boise, ID)

                              May 21, 2010 Friday

Idaho uranium enrichment plant wins $2 billion loan guarantee

BYLINE: IBR Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 569  words


A nuclear project in Idaho Falls is getting a $2 billion boost as the oil spill
polluting the Gulf of Mexico has the government eager for alternatives to fossil
fuels.

The Energy Department has announced a $2 billion loan guarantee for French-owned
nuclear services company Areva Inc. to support construction of a uranium
enrichment plant in eastern Idaho.

That news comes as President Barack Obama is poised to ask Congress to agree to
$9 billion more in loan guarantees for the atomic energy sector. That's
according to a statement made by Democratic aide who spoke on condition of
anonymity to the Associated Press.

The new spending follows $18.5 billion in nuclear loan guarantees the Obama
administration announced in February to spur building of the first nuclear power
plant in the U.S. in almost three decades.

Idaho Senators Mike Crapo and Jim Risch and Congressmen Mike Simpson and Walt
Minnick today praised a decision by the U.S. Department of Energy to provide
federal loan guarantees for construction of the Eagle Rock Uranium Enrichment
Plant near Idaho Falls. AREVA officials say the project would create 400
permanent jobs near Idaho Falls, create another 1,000 construction jobs and
result in the creation of up to 5,000 jobs in related services.

The Energy Department announced today that AREVA's U.S. subsidiary, AREVA
Enrichment Services LLC, will obtain $2 billion in federal loan guarantees to
assist in construction of the Idaho project. All four members of the Idaho
Delegation have supported the project in letters and phone calls and note that
appropriate federal support will lead to the expansion of clean nuclear power.
They said the DOE Loan Guarantee Program is among the few policy tools
immediately available to deliver market-ready innovative, clean energy
technologies that will have economic and environmental impacts.

"Developing new U.S.-based sources of uranium enrichment is critical to the
country being able to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, achieving energy
independence, having a reliable supply for domestic power reactors and
protecting our national security,"  Crapo said in a statement.

The Eagle Rock plant will be one of Idaho's contributions to this worthy and
attainable goal of reducing green house emissions, Crapo added.

Sen. Risch said the loan guarantee from the Department of Energy is a crucial
step in meeting the demand for a reliable, U.S.-based source of enriched uranium
to fuel our nuclear power plants.

Risch, a member of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee, said the
development of the plant will be a great benefit to the local communities and
the state.

Simpson, a member of the House Energy and Water Appropriations Subcommittee
which funds the Department of Energy and the Loan Guarantee program, said the
people of eastern Idaho have worked together with Areva, the DOE and other
agencies to secure this loan guarantee for the Eagle Rock facility.

"Nuclear energy must play a strong role in our nation's energy future and the
Eagle Rock facility's contribution to that future will be enormous," he said.

Minnick commented on the alternative energy solutions such as nuclear power and
woody biomass as being a crucial part of working toward an economic recovery.

"This project will help Idaho businesses and universities do just that, and will
help meet our shared goal of Idaho becoming a national leader in the new energy
future," he said.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Financing

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              196 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                             June 12, 2014 Thursday

Council votes to save Red Door Shelter

BYLINE: Paul Moloney Toronto Star

SECTION: GREATER TORONTO; Pg. GT1

LENGTH: 390 words


Toronto city council wants to keep the red door - a beacon for families in need
for 32 years - open.

Councillors voted unanimously Wednesday to assist the Red Door Shelter on Queen
St. E., which is threatened by a real estate sale, though what form that
assistance may take has yet to be worked out. The 106-bed family shelter in
south Riverdale represents 13 per cent of the city's 814 permanent beds for
families. The city pays Red Door $2.56 million a year for helping some 500
families.

The facility has strong community support, including a 50,000-name petition.
There are signs posted in store windows and community fundraising going on, said
Councillor Paula Fletcher.

"It's not that often that you have a community standing up to support a shelter
in this way," Fletcher said. "Often, communities stand up to say they don't want
a shelter.

"I've never heard one voice against the shelter," she added.

Council was told that staff will report next year on possible options to assist
Red Door.

It may need an increase in its operating funding from the city, and a city loan
guarantee if the shelter acquires space in a new building on its site at 875
Queen St. E.

The shelter is talking to the purchaser of the property, council was told, and
could obtain new space for $4.6 million to $6.2 million.

Deputy city manager Brenda Patterson pointed out that the city has successfully
granted loan guarantees in the past to help out child-care centres.

Councillor Denzil Minnan-Wong urged caution, noting that a $5-million city loan
guarantee to the Bixi bike share project ended badly. He urged councillors to
look at any deal that comes forward "with a very careful eye and a very sharp
pencil."

Red Door executive director Bernnitta Hawkins said she was pleased with the
unanimous council vote.

"It says very clearly that our funder is supporting us, and that's very
important," Hawkins said.

"This gives us a foundation underneath us when we go into negotiations."

The shelter is heavily used, with an occupancy rate of 95 to 97 per cent, she
said.

"We're used by any family that for any reason finds themselves without a home.
People come to us (as) women and children fleeing violent homes; they come to us
from the airport because they're refugees to Canada and don't have a home; they
could be experiencing eviction or some other housing crisis."

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2014 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              197 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            November 4, 2013 Monday

Pakistan : Rural Financial Inclusion and Dairy Growth Facility

LENGTH: 140  words


Approval: 29 Oct 2013
Status: Approved
Project Cost : 35,000 USD
Sector/subsector classification : Not yet classified/ For Classification
A partial credit guarantee (pcg) facility of up to $35,000,000 (or pkr
equivalent) in support of investment loans made to small dairy farmers. pcgs may
be issued by adb within four years after the board approval. pcgs may cover
loans with a tenor of up to 5 years. the first pcg for up to $3 million (or pkr
equivalent) will partially guarantee a portfolio of loans to be made by a local
bank to dairy farmers.1
objectives and scope
the proposed facility will contribute to (i) improving small dairy farmers
supply of high value added dairy products, (ii) scaling up viable banking
services for small dairy farmers, and (iii) improving dairy farmers access to
investment capital.



country :Philippines
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2013 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              198 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                             June 17, 2008 Tuesday

Lincoln College welcomes federal backing

BYLINE: By Michele Steinbacher;msteinbacher@pantagraph.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 495 words


By Michele Steinbacher

msteinbacher@pantagraph.com

LINCOLN - The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development program is
standing behind Lincoln College's latest project: an $8.4 million athletic and
convocation center that also will house a museum of Abraham Lincoln artifacts.

On Monday, U.S. Rep. Ray LaHood, a Peoria Republican, visited the private
college along with USDA officials to announce the federal support.

In particular, USDA Rural Development will guarantee a $3.8 million loan from
State Bank of Lincoln. State grants and private donations will cover the
remainder of the project's cost.

That loan guarantee helps both the city's business community and the college.
The college gets better loan terms while the U.S. government backing means a
local lender can step in without adversely affecting its lending limits, said
Joan Messina, a USDA Rural Development spokeswoman.

"This is another great day for Lincoln and Lincoln College," said LaHood,
standing outside the college's University Hall.

Douglas Wilson, who heads USDA Rural Development's Illinois operations, said
many people don't realize the program's role in supporting the small communities
that dot the United States.

"We work to try to improve the quality of life for rural America," he said,
noting that help extends to homeowners, businesses, and community facilities,
such as the Lincoln campus.

"This shows the USDA has confidence in us and understands the importance of the
project for the region," said John Hutchinson, Lincoln College president.

The 143-year-old private college enrolls about 700 students on its main campus;
another 500 attend its Normal campus.

LaHood noted that as one of three chairmen heading the Abraham Lincoln
Bicentennial Commission, he's especially excited about the building's role
housing the Lincoln Heritage Museum.

The museum contains more than 2,000 Lincoln volumes, manuscripts and artifacts.

The fact the museum is in a college and town both named for the nation's 16th
president while he was still alive means both the nation's history and future
are celebrated, he said.

"That's what colleges are all about: the future," said LaHood.

General contractor Core Construction created the building's design as a
two-story red-brick building.

The 66,000-square-foot structure will stand at the northeast corner of the
campus.

--

Digging in

What: Groundbreaking ceremony for Lincoln College museum, athletic facility and
convocation center

When: 10 a.m. June 25

Where: Just north of Heritage Hall on Lincoln College campus, Lincoln

Construction: The 16-month construction project, led by Core Construction,
should be complete by December 2009.

Cost $8.4 million.  Size: 66,000 square feet; convocation center/gym to seat
1,500

SOURCE: Lincoln College; USDA Rural Development

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 The Pantagraph


                              199 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Times (Munster, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 2, 2014 Sunday

HUD to fund new Gary fire station, West Side fixes

BYLINE: Joseph S. Pete, The Times, Munster, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 222 words


Nov. 02--A $6 million loan guarantee from the U.S. Department of Housing and
Urban Development will finance some much-needed projects in Gary.

The federal funds will pay for the rehabilitation of the Hudson Campbell Fitness
Center downtown, renovation of the auditorium and athletic facilities at West
Side High School, and the construction of a new fire station in the University
Park area.

Gary's Station 5 used to be based at 4101 Washington Ave. in the University Park
neighborhood, but it has been a "homeless" firehouse since 2012, when a
contractor found asbestos. The station has since bounced around to different
locations in Merrillville and Calumet Township.

"We were simply thrilled to receive news of the loan guarantee," Mayor Karen
Freeman-Wilson said. "HUD has been an extremely supportive partner that
understands what we are trying to do to revitalize the city. This loan will
allow us to make some significant progress on projects that our residents have
been asking for."

Community development block grants provide communities with a source of
financing for economic development, housing rehabilitation and other large-scale
projects.

U.S. Rep. Pete Visclosky's office helped secure the grant.

___ (c)2014 The Times (Munster, Ind.) Visit The Times (Munster, Ind.) at
www.nwitimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20141102-MU-BRF-HUD-to-fund-new-Gary-fire-station-West-Side-fixes-20141102

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MU


                            Copyright 2014 The Times


                              200 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Mount Airy News, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 13, 2012 Friday

Local utility to make $20 million in improvements

BYLINE: Tom Joyce, The Mount Airy News, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 537 words


July 13--DOBSON -- Surry-Yadkin Electric Membership Corp. will be improving and
expanding its facilities with the help of a $20 million loan guarantee by a
federal agency.

The local provider was among rural electric cooperatives and utilities in 15
states tapped for loan guarantees announced Wednesday by U.S. Agriculture
Secretary Tom Vilsack. They are being provided through the Department of
Agriculture's Rural Development unit.

This will allow the various entities to make improvements to generation and
transmission facilities and implement smart grid technologies. Only two
companies in North Carolina were approved for loan guarantees, Surry-Yadkin
Electric Membership Corp. based in Dobson, and one in the Cape Hatteras area.

The $20 million loan to Surry-Yadkin isn't coming from the federal agency
itself, but will be guaranteed by it -- "which helps our interest rate,"
explained Robert Maxwell, the company's manager of engineering and operations.

Maxwell added Thursday that the loan is part of a five-year $21 million
construction plan for Surry-Yadkin Electric Membership Corp. "It's for capital
projects -- it's for system improvements," he said.

The financing will allow Surry-Yadkin to build and improve 114 miles of
distribution and transmission lines that will serve nearly 1,500 customers.

This will include about $6 million for new lines to serve consumers added within
its service area, such as through home construction.

Other funds are targeted for upgrading or replacing existing equipment.

Surry-Yadkin Membership Corp now has about 28,000 service accounts and maintains
nearly 4,000 miles of lines spanning five counties. The utility that was
organized in 1940 employs around 55 people.

No More Meter Readers

A portion of the guaranteed loan targeted for smart grid technology locally --
some $3 million -- will mean the end of conventional meter-reading for
Surry-Yadkin Electric Membership Corp., whereby personnel must physically travel
to a customer location.

Maxwell said an automated meter-reading system is being added which will allow
electrical usage to be monitored from a remote location and free up employees
for other tasks.

That project is about halfway complete, Maxwell said.

This week's announcement includes support for more than $10 million in smart
grid technologies nationwide. Such innovations help utilities make efficiency
improvements to the electric grid and mean lower power bills for consumers by
reducing energy use in homes and businesses.

The agriculture secretary's goal is to fund more than $250 million for smart
grid technologies around the country.

Along with ensuring continued service to residential users through the
maintaining of a reliable, up-to-date electrical infrastructure, the federal
loan guarantees announced this week will allow rural communities to retain
existing businesses and support new ones, officials say.

"These loans I am announcing today will have a lasting impact on the rural
landscape for generations to come," Vilsack said.

Reach Tom Joyce at 719-1924 or tjoyce@heartlandpublications.com

___ (c)2012 The Mount Airy News (Mount Airy, N.C.) Visit The Mount Airy News
(Mount Airy, N.C.) at www.mtairynews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120713-NI-Local-utility-to-make-20-million-in-improvements-0713-20120713

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NI


                                 Copyright 2012


                              201 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             May 2, 2007 Wednesday
                                  City Edition

Definitions differ, but 'rural America' is bigger than you think

BYLINE: THOMAS C. DORR, For the Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: B; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 856 words


The Journal Star recently carried a Washington Post critique of a small number
of USDA Rural Development projects, largely in New England or along the Atlantic
seaboard.

The Post's general criticism was that the communities featured in these selected
examples were insufficiently "rural." (The Post's story also was cited in a
Journal Star editorial "USDA should give rural aid to rural areas.")

I appreciate this opportunity to provide additional context regarding the
definition of a rural community and why this issue is not as simple as drawing a
hard line of distinction, if our goal is truly to assist rural communities.

For the record, all of the projects highlighted by the Post's story met the
statutory definition of rural as defined by Congress, and all were successful
projects. In addition, many of these investments involve loans or loan
guarantees in which the USDA Rural Development commitment leveraged additional
private funds and will be repaid over time.

Even more fundamentally, however, the narrowly selected examples in the article
do not represent the broad scope of rural development projects, and the
challenges associated with defining rural America went unrecognized.

USDA Rural Development's mission is to increase economic opportunity and improve
the quality of life in rural communities. It administers more than 40 programs
that provide grants, loans and loan guarantees to support rural infrastructure,
affordable housing, vital community facilities and business development
opportunities. Some are means tested; others are not. Most are competitively
awarded. The cumulative loan portfolio currently exceeds $96 billion with an
aggregate delinquency rate of only 1.03 percent.

Given the diversity of rural America, what this means in practice varies widely
from one community to another. If rural America were a nation of its own, it
would have a population equivalent to France or Italy in a land area larger than
Europe west of Russia. USDA Rural Development does indeed support economic and
community development in small New England towns where tourism and recreation
may be the primary economic drivers. It also works aggressively in the colonias,
on Native reservations, in the Mississippi Delta, across the Northern Plains and
throughout the Farm Belt.

Some rural communities are quite affluent. Others are economically distressed.
Most are middle-American and middle-income in character.

This diversity unquestionably gives rise to definitional challenges. In many
places, the urban-rural boundaries are blurred by modern communications and
transportation, the increasing regionalization and diversification of the rural
economy and closer integration with urban hubs. Individuals in these areas,
however, still live in rural communities as defined by law and as understood by
the residents themselves. It is difficult to tell a family farmer who gets his
electricity from a rural electric co-op and draws his water from a rural water
system that he is no longer "rural" because he now has a neighbor who commutes
an hour, perhaps two, to a regional hub of 50,001 people. Very often, in fact,
"metropolitan" counties contain large areas that remain rural in character.

Similarly, it is difficult to tell the year-round, often low-income residents of
a small fishing town in New England or a vacation community in coastal New
Jersey - two cases cited by the Post - that they are no longer "rural" because
of a seasonal influx of vacationers. The Post makes much of Provincetown, Mass.,
as an example. It would have added considerable depth to the story to note that
Provincetown, with a Census population of 3,341, has a Census median household
income of $32,716, well below the state nonmetro median of $56,354. One needs to
look beyond the millionaires' summer homes on the beach to assess the needs of
the community.

As the economic and demographic structure of rural America continues to change,
these definitional issues will continue to spur debate. Definitions of "rural"
have been established over the years on a program-by-program basis and vary
widely.

We agree that some standardization would be useful. In fact, the administration
is proposing the consolidation and retargeting of a number of rural development
programs in our budget and in our 2007 Farm Bill proposals. Consolidation would
lead to simplification and greater clarity. At the same time, our Farm Bill
proposals suggest important new initiatives to support rural critical access
hospitals, renewable energy development and vital community facilities, such as
fire stations and water treatment facilities, in rural America. We welcome a
simplified approach to delivering these important programs.

We will continue to work with Congress to resolve the difficult line-drawing
issues that arise. However the urban-rural boundary lines ultimately are drawn,
USDA Rural Development remains committed to the future of rural communities.
These communities don't all look alike, but they are rural America, and our
programs make a very real difference in the lives of many Americans.

Thomas C. Dorr is USDA undersecretary of rural development.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              202 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Minority Bankers Creating Fund to Rebuild Churches

                           October 3, 1996, Thursday

By SARAH YAVORSKY


A coalition of minority-owned banks is organizing a loan fund to finance the
rebuilding of black churches razed in the recent rash of arson fires across the
South.

Members of the National Bankers Association committed last month to amassing a
$5 million fund to make loans for the felled churches, many of them in rural,
poor minority communities.

National Bankers, a group of minority and women bankers, hope the loan fund and
federal government guarantees will help the churches rebuild, and in some cases
improve, their facilities.

"We had to respond to the need of the churches," said trade group chairman Louis
Prezeau, who is chief executive of City National Bank in Newark, N.J.

Mr. Prezeau said that for him, helping rebuild African-American churches was a
way of returning the good will given to his bank by religious organizations in
Newark - and a good business opportunity.

"City National was formed with tremendous support from the community and local
churches," he said. "In the 23 years we have been making loans to churches, we
haven't lost a penny."

The fund will work as a loan-participation pool. A church can contact National
Bankers in Washington, which will put it in touch with a nearby member bank. The
member bank will then evaluate the loan and parcel it out to the other banks in
the fund.

In addition, trade group members hope to use a $10 million loan guarantee fund
administered by the Department of Housing and Urban Development. The guarantee,
provided for by July legislation in response to the church burnings, will allow
banks to make below-market loans to churches.

The programs are part of a wellspring of efforts to help rebuild the affected
churches. National Bankers, HUD, Habitat for Humanity, the National Council of
Black Churches, and other nonprofit organizations have formed a task force to
rebuild the churches and help them establish lasting financial relationships.

"Many of the affected churches do not have insurance, and (thus have) no
pre-existing relationship with a bank," said HUD Assistant Secretary Andrew
Cuomo. Many such churches do not know how to access a loan guarantee fund, and
with an income stream dependent on their congregations' generosity might have a
hard time trying to secure a loan to rebuild.

Tri-State Bank of Memphis offered Truelight Missionary Baptist Church a $50,000
loan at 4.5%, using the HUD guarantees, and hopes to make it a part of the
National Bankers fund. However, the loan has not been approved yet, said Jesse
Turner, president of Tri-State and an association member.

"Tri-State is a very heavy lender of church loans, particularly to black
churches, and we have never lost any money on a church loan," he said.

Churches, he said, make extremely good customers because of the commitment of
local pastors and deacons. "That group of people takes their fiduciary
obligation very seriously," he said.

Regarding the HUD guarantee, Mr. Turner said the trade group was already
committed to helping the churches rebuild. "The HUD guarantee makes it easier
for us to do that at subprime rates," he added.

Mr. Turner stressed that a loan would not be made if it is felt "the church
cannot pay the note."

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 535 words

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Prezeau, photo

                      Copyright 1996 American Banker, Inc.


                              203 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Kitsap Sun, Bremerton, Wash.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 9, 2013 Thursday

Navy plans to renovate Jackson Park housing

BYLINE: Ed Friedrich, Kitsap Sun, Bremerton, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 633 words


May 09--BREMERTON -- The Navy and a private company will renovate or replace all
of the units at the Jackson Park Housing Complex.

In a draft environmental assessment released Wednesday, the Navy proposes
transferring ownership and operation of the 870 units to a limited liability
corporation.

The preferred alternative is to renovate 601 units, converting two- and
three-bedroom homes to four and five bedrooms, and demolish 241 units. The
result would be a total of 629 larger family residences.

A second option is to tear down all 870 units and replace them with 629.

The company also would build or renovate support facilities, including play
areas and parks, trails, sidewalks and bike paths, outdoor lighting, parking
areas, athletic facilities, community centers and fencing.

"One goal for the Navy is to support the war fighter," said Capt. Chris
LaPlatney, commanding officer of Naval Facilities Engineering Command Northwest.
"In transferring the Jackson Park military housing community to a
yet-to-be-determined private partner, the partnership is able to provide Navy
families with updated, improved quality housing for their families."

The Navy chose the first alternative, stating it's more energy-efficient to
renovate than to demolish and rebuild. The draft assessment concludes it
wouldn't significantly affect the quality of the human environment.

Cost estimates are being developed, said NAVFAC Northwest spokeswoman Leslie
Yuenger. The housing project is scheduled to go private Oct. 1.

Most military housing has already traveled this route. Navy Region Northwest
privatized 2,972 units in 2004, and now has 1,340 units in Kitsap County.
Jackson Park was left out because of a Superfund cleanup of possible unexploded
ordnance.

The site on the west shore of Ostrich Bay housed an ammunition depot from 1904
to 1959. In 1965, 133 acres were transferred for housing. The first 25 buildings
and 50 carports at the development named for U.S. Sen. Henry "Scoop" Jackson
were completed that year. One hundred units were added in 1968, 200 in 1970 and
300 in 1975. In 1996, 190 were renovated and 170 built. Most are about 40 years
old.

Congress established the Military Housing Privatization Initiative in 1996 to
address two major problems -- the poor condition of military-owned housing, and
the shortage of good, affordable private housing. When the program began, more
than half of Department of Defense-owned family housing units needed to be
renovated or replaced because they hadn't been maintained or modernized. Through
the traditional military construction process, that would have cost taxpayers
nearly $25 billion and taken 20 years, according to the Pentagon. Private
developers can build housing faster and less expensively, particularly when
given financial tools like direct loans, loan guarantees and rental guarantees.

Public-private partnerships are no guarantee of success, however. Navy Region
Northwest and American Eagle Communities joined up in 2005. American Eagle was
responsible for building 605 homes, demolishing 585 and renovating 1,639 in four
years. Three years later, it was $14 million over budget and behind schedule
when it sold its Northwest properties to Forest City Communities.

Companies that partner with the Navy lease the properties for up to 50 years.
They handle all resident matters, including maintenance. Sailors receive a
housing allowance and pay rent directly to the company.

The Navy is accepting public comments on privatizing Jackson Park until May 22.
Comments can be sent to christopher.runner@navy.mil or to Christopher Runner,
NAVFAC Northwest, 1101 Tautog Circle, Room 203, Silverdale, WA 98383.

___ (c)2013 the Kitsap Sun (Bremerton, Wash.) Visit the Kitsap Sun (Bremerton,
Wash.) at www.kitsapsun.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130509-1BR-Navy-plans-to-renovate-Jackson-Park-housing-0509-20130509

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1BR


                           Copyright 2013 Kitsap Sun


                              204 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               November 30, 1998

HUD Funds to Revitalize Polluted Sites

SECTION: AFFORDABLE HOUSING; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 232 words

DATELINE: Washington


The Department of Housing and Urban Development last week issued $ 152 million
in grants and loan guarantees to help revitalize 21 communities designated as
industrial "brownfields."

Those communities receiving brownfields money include: Huntington Beach, Calif.;
Los Angeles; Stockton, Calif.; Atlanta; Thomson, Ga.; Chicago; Springfield,
Mass.; Benton Harbor, Mich.; Kansas City, Mo.; St. Louis; Ithaca, N.Y.; Nassau
County, N.Y.; Rochester, N.Y.; Syracuse, N.Y.; Oklahoma City, Okla.; Allegheny
County, Pa.; Bethlehem, Pa; Philadelphia; Memphis, Tenn.; and King County,
Washington.

The seed money provided by HUD will be used to transform polluted and abandoned
commercial and industrial sites into businesses, homes and recreational sites.
On top of the HUD assistance, businesses and local governments are expected to
chip in more than $ 715 million in additional money to help rebuild the
brownfields communities.

"We are taking polluted sites once given up for dead and bringing them back to
life," said HUD Secretary Andrew Cuomo.  The HUD assistance includes $ 22
million in brownfields economic development initiative grants and $ 130 million
in economic development loan guarantees.

The loan guarantees provide communities with a source of financing for job
creation, housing rehabilitation and construction of public facilities and
largescale development projects.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1998 Faulkner & Gray


                              205 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                             August 15, 2014 Friday

Officials give thumbs up to 3,000 houses plan

BYLINE: David Mckay

SECTION: NEWS; OTHER; Others; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 679 words


A proposed housing development that would significantly expand the western
outskirts of Aberdeen has been recommended for approval by council officials.

The plans for 3,000 homes at Countesswells were tabled by a consortium headed by
north-east businessmen Stewart Milne and Ian Suttie.

The £700million project - including primary and secondary schools, shops,
leisure facilities and land for employment use - also has the backing of the UK
Government.

The Treasury yesterday said it has guaranteed an £80million loan to help finance
the development as part of nationwide scheme to boost private investment in
infrastructure.

The 410-acre farmland site lies between Bieldside to the south and Kingswells to
the north. It is bounded to the east by Hazlehead woods, park and golf courses,
and to the west by Foggieton and Countesswells Wood.

A report to be considered by the council's development management subcommittee
next Thursday has recommended the project for conditional approval.

The land is zoned for housing in the local development plan, but the scheme has
met with opposition from community councils serving Kingswells, Craigiebuckler
and Seafield, as well as Cults, Bieldside and Milltimber.

Chief among the concerns are the impact on traffic, public transport links, the
road layout and future management of green spaces.

A further 12 letters of representation were sent to the authority raising issues
including loss of green belt land, inadequate pre-application consultation and
fears that it could create "urban sprawl" rather than a "new community".

The council's head of planning, Margaret Bochel, says in a report to councillors
that "supporting infrastructure", including new roads, schools and healthcare
facilities, would have to be provided over the course of the development to meet
the needs of the community.

The report adds that Scottish Government agency Transport Scotland requested
that a condition should be attached restricting the first stage of the
development to 1,000 residential units and requisite retail and office space up
until the opening of the Aberdeen Western Peripheral Route (AWPR).

Further upgrades to access roads and junctions would also be required as the
scheme grows.

Ms Bochel adds: "In conclusion, the proposal complies with the land-release
policy as the particular circumstances, in terms of investment in
infrastructure, justify the granting of planning permission."

Ms Bochel recommends approval, subject to agreements on the provision of 25%
affordable housing and developer contributions towards improving the local road
network and building schools, community and healthcare facilities, a library and
sports fields.

The applicant would also be required to provide "detailed analysis" of the
impact on roads including Lang Stracht, Queens Road, King's Gate, Springfield
Road, Countesswells Road, Kirk Brae, Friarsfield Road and North Deeside Road.
Also, no more than 2,000 houses should be occupied until the Jessiefield
roundabout is upgraded - and a public-transport strategy and proposals on
"reducing dependency" on the car would also have to be developed.

Announcing the UK Treasury deal yesterday, Chief Secretary Danny Alexander said
the development would be "fantastic news" for north-east families and the
economy of Scotland generally.

He added: "This is an excellent example of using the strength of the UK's
balance sheet and hard-won credit rating to guarantee and support infrastructure
projects across the country."

Glenn Allison, chief executive officer of the Stewart Milne Group, said: "It is
a critical project for the city over the next 15 years, delivering much-needed
homes and community facilities that in turn will support Aberdeen's economic
growth."

Aberdeen City Council leader Jenny Laing said: "I warmly welcome this important
loan guarantee from the UK Treasury, which comes at a time when construction
companies are finding it challenging to secure sizeable loans from the banks.

"This will allow upfront investment in the vital infrastructure which will be
necessary for the development to go ahead."

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: EXPANSE: The area is bounded by Bieldside to the south, Hazlehead to
the east and Kingswells to the north
VISION: Developers call it an exciting new community. Critics describe it as
'urban sprawl' and raise issues such as traffic management
An artist's impression of a village lifestyle on the outskirts of the city
Dr Margaret Bochel: plan complies with policy
Jenny Laing: upfront investment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PJ


                      Copyright 2014 Aberdeen Journals Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              206 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         The Lovell Chronicle (Wyoming)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 26, 2015

Big Horn Basin chambers to host USDA/Rurai Development grant and lending
workshops

BYLINE: The Lovell Chronicle staff

LENGTH: 448  words


The three Big Horn County Chambers are hosting two workshops that will feature
grant and loan programs available through USDA/Rural Development. The workshops
will be in March or April.

The chambers are asking to hear from their members and the public as to which
programs the public would like to see. The choices are:

Business and Industry (B&I) Guaranteed Loan Program, target audience would be
lenders and businesses. The purpose of the B&I Guaranteed Loan Program is to
improve, develop or finance business, industry and employment and improve the
economic and environmental climate in rural communities. This purpose is
achieved by bolstering the existing private credit structure through the
guarantee of quality loans, which will provide lasting community benefits. It is
not intended that the guarantee authority will be used for marginal or
substandard loans or for relief of lenders having such loans.

Rural Energy For America Program (REAP), target audience would be ag producers
or small businesses. The Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) provides
financial assistance to agricultural producers and rural small businesses in
rural America to purchase, install and construct renewable energy systems; make
energy efficiency improvements to non-residential buildings and facilities; and
use renewable technologies that reduce energy consumption.

Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance (EA/REDA) element to
the energy program, target audience would be units of state, tribal or local
government; instrumentalities of state, tribal or local government; university
or institution of higher education; rural electric cooperatives; public power
entities; and resource conservation and development councils. Funding is
provided to perform technical assistance in conducting and promoting energy
audits and renewable energy development assistance.

Rural Business Enterprise Grant (RBEG) Program, target audience would be private
non-profits, public bodies and tribal entities. The purpose of this program is
to assist small and emerging private business enterprises.

While the workshops will only focus on the two most requested programs there
will be information regarding these and other programs available through
USDA/Rural Development at the workshops.

The chambers need to hear from the public as soon as possible about which
programs and what days/times they would be able to attend. The workshops will
most likely be held Monday-Friday with one a morning class and the second an
evening class. The proposed location will be the Weed and Pest building at the
junction of U.S. Highways 310 and 14/16/20.

Call the Lovell, Greybull or Basin chamber as soon as possible.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: People

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LOV

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2015 The Lovell Chronicle


                              207 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           February 1, 2007 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

FCI HELPS NONPROFITS WITH LOW-INTEREST LOANS

BYLINE: By JAMES EDWARD MILLS

SECTION: CAPITAL REGION BUSINESS JOURNAL; GOOD WORKS; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 706 words


Nonprofit organizations regularly raise money to support their good works. But
every so often they may find the need instead to borrow it.

Forward Community Investments, formerly known as the Dane Fund, helps aid
organizations acquire low interest loans that bridge the gap between their
immediate need for capital and the cash flow of their fundraising initiatives.

"What we do is lend money at below-market rates to nonprofits," said Salli
Martyniak, president of FCI. "We started off just in Dane County and did that
for 11 years. But we realized that we needed to extend throughout the rest of
the state."

Hence the name change. Now FCI offers financial assistance to charities across
Wisconsin. Many of its clients are organizations and individuals that might have
difficulty or have trouble affording working with a bank on their own.

Bruce Moffat, executive director of the Wisconsin Community Fund, said FCI
provided the expertise his group needed to construct its Madison headquarters,
called the Social Justice Center, at 1202 Williamson St.

"We had really never done a real estate transaction before," Moffat said.

The WCF vests most of its resources in funding grassroots organizations who work
to solve problems in their communities and fight for the rights of
disenfranchised citizens. FCI loaned their expertise in navigating the loan
process.

"Over several months there was a lot of advice provided," Moffat said. "The
project was finally approved for a loan of $120,000. That enabled the project to
be viable to M&I Bank who was ultimately the lender of the mortgage."

Since the Dane Fund, now FCI, began in 1995, Martyniak said no nonprofit has
ever defaulted on a loan.

"And that's pretty remarkable," she said. "We do get a few delinquencies here
and there but no defaults."

Martyniak takes special care to assure the groups she works with have the
resources to raise the funds they'll need to meet their loan obligations.
Defaults are unlikely by design. When it comes to dollars and cents she said a
nonprofit is just like any organization that manages money.

"Really non-profits are no different than small businesses," she said. "They
have financing needs just like small businesses do but for different reasons."

A nonprofit might have plans to renovate or build an operations facility like
the Social Justice Center. A loan can cover expenses immediately while donors
continue their contributions over several months or even years.

"Contractors really want to have their money on time instead of waiting over a
five-year period," Martyniak said.

Many FCI loans go to support renovations and real estate transactions rather
than the day-to-day operations of nonprofits. Becky Steinhoff, executive
director of the Atwood Community Center, said FCI assistance was crucial in
securing the capital needed to refurbish the Theo Kupfer Foundry and Ironworks
building, 149 Waubesa St. The renovated structure is scheduled to open in 2008
and it will serve as her organization's new headquarters.

Steinhoff said FCI and Martyniak in particular helped Atwood prepare a very
attractive investment package that was tapped for funding by U.S. Bank in St.
Louis.

"We had great legal and accounting advice, but Salli was the one who really
brought the project to them and really nurtured that relationship so that they
made the investment," Steinhoff said. "U.S. Bank had $100 million to invest in
26 states. And every state wanted all the money so it was a big deal for a small
nonprofit in Wisconsin to get an allocation."

The federal Community Reinvestment Act, enacted by Congress in 1977, encourages
banks to help meet the credit needs of nonprofits in their communities. Lynn
Mayer, vice president and CRA officer at Guarantee Bank, based in Milwaukee,
said FCI helps her provide loans to qualified borrowers who are likely to do the
most good. Since 2001 Guarantee Bank has provided more than $1 million in
low-interest loans to non-profits.

"We can be assured that working with Salli and her group that the funds will be
used appropriately," Mayer said. "Our ongoing relationship working with them is
a true partnership. They provide a service that as a financial institution we
would not have the capacity to do. And that's a good match."

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  James Edward Mills is a State journal reporter. He can be reached at
jmills@madison.com.

GRAPHIC: Joseph W. Jackson --State Journal Salli Martyniak leads Forward
Community Investments, a lending institution that provides loans to nonprofit
organizations.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              208 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 15, 2014 Thursday

Utah: USDA Community Facilities Loan and Grant Program

LENGTH: 359  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

For a list of USDA Rural Development State Offices, see
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

Community Programs, a division of the Housing and Community Facilities Programs,
is part of the United States Department of Agriculture's Rural Development
mission area. Community Programs administers programs designed to develop
essential community facilities for public use in rural areas.

These facilities include schools, libraries, childcare, hospitals, medical
clinics, assisted living facilities, fire and rescue stations, police stations,
community centers, public buildings and transportation. Community Programs
utilizes three flexible financial tools to achieve this goal: the Community
Facilities Direct and Guaranteed Loan Program, the Community Facilities Grant
Program, and the Rural Community Development Initiative.
Eligibility

Community Programs provides grants to assist in the development of essential
community facilities in rural areas and towns of up to 20,000 in population.
Grants are available to public entities such as municipalities, counties, and
special-purpose districts, as well as non-profit corporations and tribal
governments.

Loans and guarantees are also available to public entities such as
municipalities, counties, and special-purpose districts, as well as to
non-profit corporations and tribal governments.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Amount varies. Grants are authorized on a graduated scale. Applicants located in
small communities with low populations and low incomes will receive a higher
percentage of grants.
Application
process

Applications are handled by USDA Rural Development field offices. For a listing
of field offices, see http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Tagged as  Capital funding, Child care, Community development, Emergency
services, Health information technology, Hospitals and clinics, Long-term care,
Schools, Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              209 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 6, 2014 Tuesday

Utah: USDA Community Facilities Loan and Grant Program

LENGTH: 359  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

For a list of USDA Rural Development State Offices, see
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

Community Programs, a division of the Housing and Community Facilities Programs,
is part of the United States Department of Agriculture's Rural Development
mission area. Community Programs administers programs designed to develop
essential community facilities for public use in rural areas.

These facilities include schools, libraries, childcare, hospitals, medical
clinics, assisted living facilities, fire and rescue stations, police stations,
community centers, public buildings and transportation. Community Programs
utilizes three flexible financial tools to achieve this goal: the Community
Facilities Direct and Guaranteed Loan Program, the Community Facilities Grant
Program, and the Rural Community Development Initiative.
Eligibility

Community Programs provides grants to assist in the development of essential
community facilities in rural areas and towns of up to 20,000 in population.
Grants are available to public entities such as municipalities, counties, and
special-purpose districts, as well as non-profit corporations and tribal
governments.

Loans and guarantees are available to public entities such as municipalities,
counties, and special-purpose districts, as well as to non-profit corporations
and tribal governments.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Amount varies. Grants are authorized on a graduated scale. Applicants located in
small communities with low populations and low incomes will receive a higher
percentage of grants.
Application
process

Applications are handled by USDA Rural Development field offices. For a listing
of field offices, see http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Tagged as  Capital funding, Child care, Community development, Emergency
services, Health information technology, Hospitals and clinics, Long-term care,
Schools, Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              210 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 18, 2014 Friday

Utah: USDA Community Facilities Loan and Grant Program

LENGTH: 359  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

For a list of USDA Rural Development State Offices, see
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

Community Programs, a division of the Housing and Community Facilities Programs,
is part of the United States Department of Agriculture's Rural Development
mission area. Community Programs administers programs designed to develop
essential community facilities for public use in rural areas.

These facilities include schools, libraries, childcare, hospitals, medical
clinics, assisted living facilities, fire and rescue stations, police stations,
community centers, public buildings and transportation. Community Programs
utilizes three flexible financial tools to achieve this goal: the Community
Facilities Direct and Guaranteed Loan Program, the Community Facilities Grant
Program, and the Rural Community Development Initiative.
Eligibility

Community Programs provides grants to assist in the development of essential
community facilities in rural areas and towns of up to 20,000 in population.
Grants are available to public entities such as municipalities, counties, and
special-purpose districts, as well as non-profit corporations and tribal
governments.

Loans and guarantees are available to public entities such as municipalities,
counties, and special-purpose districts, as well as to non-profit corporations
and tribal governments.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Amount varies. Grants are authorized on a graduated scale. Applicants located in
small communities with low populations and low incomes will receive a higher
percentage of grants.
Application
process

Applications are handled by USDA Rural Development field offices. For a listing
of field offices, see http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Tagged as  Capital funding, Child care, Community development, Emergency
services, Health information technology, Hospitals and clinics, Long-term care,
Schools, Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              211 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 10, 2013 Thursday

Utah: USDA Community Facilities Loan and Grant Program

LENGTH: 356  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact  For a list of USDA Rural Development State Offices, see
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

Community Programs, a division of the Housing and Community Facilities Programs,
is part of the United States Department of Agriculture's Rural Development
mission area. Community Programs administers programs designed to develop
essential community facilities for public use in rural areas.

These facilities include schools, libraries, childcare, hospitals, medical
clinics, assisted living facilities, fire and rescue stations, police stations,
community centers, public buildings and transportation. Community Programs
utilizes three flexible financial tools to achieve this goal: the Community
Facilities Direct and Guaranteed Loan Program, the Community Facilities Grant
Program, and the Rural Community Development Initiative.
Eligibility

Community Programs provides grants to assist in the development of essential
community facilities in rural areas and towns of up to 20,000 in population.
Grants are available to public entities such as municipalities, counties, and
special-purpose districts, as well as non-profit corporations and tribal
governments.

Loans and guarantees are available to public entities such as municipalities,
counties, and special-purpose districts, as well as to non-profit corporations
and tribal governments.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding  Amount varies. Grants are authorized on a graduated scale. Applicants
located in small communities with low populations and low incomes will receive a
higher percentage of grants.
Application
process  Applications are handled by USDA Rural Development field offices. For a
listing of field offices, see http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Tagged as  Capital funding, Child care, Community development, Emergency
services, Health information technology, Hospitals and clinics, Schools,
Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              212 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 3, 2013 Thursday

Utah: USDA Community Facilities Loan and Grant Program

LENGTH: 356  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact  For a list of USDA Rural Development State Offices, see
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

Community Programs, a division of the Housing and Community Facilities Programs,
is part of the United States Department of Agriculture's Rural Development
mission area. Community Programs administers programs designed to develop
essential community facilities for public use in rural areas.

These facilities include schools, libraries, childcare, hospitals, medical
clinics, assisted living facilities, fire and rescue stations, police stations,
community centers, public buildings and transportation. Community Programs
utilizes three flexible financial tools to achieve this goal: the Community
Facilities Direct and Guaranteed Loan Program, the Community Facilities Grant
Program, and the Rural Community Development Initiative.
Eligibility

Community Programs provides grants to assist in the development of essential
community facilities in rural areas and towns of up to 20,000 in population.
Grants are available to public entities such as municipalities, counties, and
special-purpose districts, as well as non-profit corporations and tribal
governments.

Loans and guarantees are available to public entities such as municipalities,
counties, and special-purpose districts, as well as to non-profit corporations
and tribal governments.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding  Amount varies. Grants are authorized on a graduated scale. Applicants
located in small communities with low populations and low incomes will receive a
higher percentage of grants.
Application
process  Applications are handled by USDA Rural Development field offices. For a
listing of field offices, see http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Tagged as  Capital funding, Child care, Community development, Emergency
services, Health information technology, Hospitals and clinics, Schools,
Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              213 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 12, 2013 Thursday

Utah: USDA Community Facilities Loan and Grant Program

LENGTH: 356  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact  For a list of USDA Rural Development State Offices, see
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

Community Programs, a division of the Housing and Community Facilities Programs,
is part of the United States Department of Agriculture's Rural Development
mission area. Community Programs administers programs designed to develop
essential community facilities for public use in rural areas.

These facilities include schools, libraries, childcare, hospitals, medical
clinics, assisted living facilities, fire and rescue stations, police stations,
community centers, public buildings and transportation. Community Programs
utilizes three flexible financial tools to achieve this goal: the Community
Facilities Direct and Guaranteed Loan Program, the Community Facilities Grant
Program, and the Rural Community Development Initiative.
Eligibility

Community Programs provides grants to assist in the development of essential
community facilities in rural areas and towns of up to 20,000 in population.
Grants are available to public entities such as municipalities, counties, and
special-purpose districts, as well as non-profit corporations and tribal
governments.

Loans and guarantees are available to public entities such as municipalities,
counties, and special-purpose districts, as well as to non-profit corporations
and tribal governments.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding  Amount varies. Grants are authorized on a graduated scale. Applicants
located in small communities with low populations and low incomes will receive a
higher percentage of grants.
Application
process  Applications are handled by USDA Rural Development field offices. For a
listing of field offices, see http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Tagged as  Capital funding, Child care, Community development, Emergency
services, Health information technology, Hospitals and clinics, Schools,
Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              214 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           December 6, 2012 Thursday

Pakistan: SBP extends scope of guarantee scheme

LENGTH: 519 words

DATELINE: KARACHI


KARACHI, Dec. 6 -- The State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) has allowed the microfinance
banks to extend loans to microenterprises from above Rs150,000 up to Rs500,000
for a tenor not exceeding five years under the credit guarantee scheme,
according to a circular issued on Tuesday.

The SBP has also extended the scope of the credit guarantee scheme by including
the microfinance banks as eligible participating financial institutions in order
to enable microenterprises benefit from this scheme, it said.

The microfinance banks, which have already obtained prior approval of the
central bank to undertake microenterprise lending as per the circular dated
March 16, can apply for the allocation of credit exposure limits under the
scheme, it said.

Earlier the credit guarantee scheme was open to commercial banks only. The
microfinance banks would find great comfort in taking credit risks as they now
enjoy the risk coverage of 40 percent on their loans to microenterprises.

According to the scheme, it is designed to ensure partial repayment of a loan to
motivate lenders to lend to borrowers, which would not have access to credit
under normal circumstances. The growth of small and rural businesses is
imperative for any developing economy. Access to formal finance for this sector
is a major problem, hindering the growth of small and microenterprises,
particularly in the rural areas, according to the circular.

Given the impediments in the way of small and rural enterprises in Pakistan to
raise capital from the capital markets or financing from the financial
institutions, the scheme is supposed to provide help resolve severe credit
rationing.

The scheme is to be used for targeting small enterprises and farmers with
economic landholding, without any specific regional or cluster restrictions,
across the country, it said.

Preference for the use of the guarantee fund would be given to fresh and
collateral-deficient borrowers.

Participating financial institutions will ensure that the guaranteed loans are
not used for the purposes contradicting the objective of the scheme, ie, the
facility will not be used for debt swaps / adjusting an existing loan, buying
company shares or member of a partnership, or financing interest payments, etc.

Instead of evaluation of each and every loan, portfolio (principal amount only)
of loans (extended after allocation of credit guarantee limit) of a
participating financial institution, which meet the given criteria is to be
guaranteed under the scheme to the extent of its allocated credit guarantee
limit, it said.

The SBP/SBP BSC (Bank) will have the right to withdraw its approval of guarantee
if it is discovered at any stage that the borrower was not eligible for
financing under the scheme at the time of the extension of the loan facility, it
said.

In such an event, the participating financial institution will bear 100 percent
of the credit risk of such borrower, it added Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this article or
any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              215 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            December 10, 2004 Friday
                          FIVE STAR LATE LIFT EDITION

SBA raises small-business loan guarantees -- and fees warns

BYLINE: By SHERA DALIN Of the Post-Dispatch

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 434 words


The newly authorized budget for the U.S. Small Business Administration increases
the amount the government will guarantee on its most popular loan programs but
raises fees for some of those loans.

President George W. Bush signed the federal budget bill Wednesday that contains
$21 billion for SBA loan guarantees. Several changes were made in the SBA's most
popular 7(a) loan program, as well as the 504 loan program. "We are really
well-positioned to put the money out there and help the small-business
community," said Maurice "Moe" Dube, director of the SBA's St. Louis district.
"They have given us a bunch of new arrows in our quiver."

The amount the SBA will guarantee on 7(a) loans is rising to $1.5 million from
$1 million last year. The budget increased the 7(a) program by $3.5 billion over
last year to $16 billion.

To make the loan program self-supporting, the government will raise fees for
each loan it guarantees. The fee on 7(a) loans is estimated to increase to 3.5
percent from 3 percent on the additional $500,000 in guarantees, Dube said
Thursday.

"In signing this bill, President Bush imposed a new tax on our nation's 23
million small businesses," said Rep. Nydia M. Velazquez, D-N.Y., ranking
Democrat on the House Small Business Committee.

"These fee increases are far from modest," she said. "With the recent doubling
of upfront fees anywhere from $1,500 to $3,000, and the restrictions placed on
the program, it is most likely that this program will be less affordable for
entrepreneurs."

Dubé said the increases aren't expected to dissuade entrepreneurs from seeking
loans. Because of a temporary change in federal law, the fees were higher in
October and November, but the number of loans increased 30 percent and the
dollar value grew by 27 percent nationally for those two months, Dubé said.

He noted that the new fees would be a return to those seen in the last fiscal
year, ended Sept. 30.

Another change to the 7(a) program is an increase in the lending limit for the
agency's SBAExpress loans to $350,000 this year from $250,000. SBAExpress, which
was a pilot program last year, now becomes permanent.

The loan limit on SBA's 504 loan will jump to $1.5 million from $1 million. In
special cases, such as loans to rural borrowers, the limit will increase to $2
million from $1.3 million.

For the first time, the SBA will be allowed to guarantee up to $4 million in
loans for manufacturing plants. The change is an attempt by the administration
to spark manufacturing.

"There was no exception for manufacturing facilities previously," Dubé said.
"There was definitely a need out there."

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: graphic
 GRAPHIC CHART BY POST-DISATCH - SBA Loan programs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2004 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              216 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Huntsville Item (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 15, 2010 Thursday

USDA Rural Development to host housing fair

BYLINE: Mary Rainwater, The Huntsville Item, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 526 words


July 15--RIVERSIDE -- Those who thought they might never fulfill the dream of
owning their own home may still have that opportunity thanks to American
Recovery and Reinvestment Act (ARRA) and a housing program offered through the
USDA Rural Development office.

The USDA Rural Development Sub-Area Office in Huntsville, which provides
services to Walker County, will be hosting a Housing Fair from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m.
Saturday, July 17, at the Riverside City Hall, located at 2352 FM 980 in
Riverside.

During the event, representatives from USDA Rural Development will be available
to provide information on how to obtain 100 percent financing with no down
payment to purchase an existing home or newly constructed home in eligible rural
areas.

Information will also be available on loans and grants for eligible very
low-income individuals and families for home repair projects

The office announced their allocation for direct single family loans and due to
an increased level of funding as a result of the ARRA, the allocation has more
than $63 million available for direct single family loans.

"USDA Rural Development is proud to assist rural Texans in meeting their housing
needs, which is critical to the long term sustainability of our communities,"
State Director Paco Valentin said in a recent statement. "We urge Texans to seek
information about our housing programs and submit applications while this
funding is still available."

In 2009, USDA Rural Development financed more than $63.4 million in repairs for
more than 5,000 rural homeowners, and provided homeownership loans to more than
140,000 rural Americans.

Under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (ARRA), which President Obama
signed into law in February of 2009, USDA provided $10.8 billion in loans and
loan guarantees to more than 87,000 home buyers.

Although all available guarantee funds have been committed to loans this fiscal
year, USDA continues to provide home loan funds through its direct home loan
program.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, administers and manages more
than 40 housing, business and community infrastructure, and facility programs
through a network of 6,100 employees located in the nation's capital and 500
state and local offices.

These programs are designed to improve the economic stability of rural
communities, businesses, residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality
of life in rural America. Rural Development has an existing portfolio of more
than $134 billion in loans and loan guarantees.

For further information about USDA Rural Development's housing programs in
Texas, visit http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/tx/ or contact the Huntsville Sub-Area
Office at (936) 291-1901, extension 4.

To see more of The Huntsville Item or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.itemonline.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Huntsville Item, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100715-IH-USDA-Rural-Development-to-host-housing-fair-20100715

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IH


                       Copyright 2010 The Huntsville Item


                              217 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 7, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: John M. Eisenberg Award for Patient Safety and Quality

LENGTH: 270  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Kenneth Kuchno
Director
Phone: 202.690.4673
Purpose

The Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program (Broadband Program)
furnishes loans and loan guarantees to provide funds for the costs of
construction, improvement, or acquisition of facilities and equipment needed to
provide service at the broadband lending speed in eligible rural areas.

The goal of the Broadband Program is to ensure that rural consumers enjoy the
same quality and range of services that are available in urban and suburban
communities. This program aims to lend to entities capable of repaying its loans
and that plan to offer service at a level that keeps pace with technology
upgrades while meeting the demands of customers in rural America.
Eligibility

Eligible entities may be either a nonprofit or for-profit organization, and must
take one of the following forms:

Corporation
    Limited liability company (LLC)
    Cooperative or mutual organization
    Indian tribe or tribal organization
    State or local government, including any agency, subdivision or
instrumentality thereof

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Available funds: $735,000,000
Application
process

Application guidance and required forms are available on the program website.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Health
information technology, Technology, Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              218 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           December 5, 2012 Wednesday

SBP extends scope of guarantee scheme

LENGTH: 484  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


The State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) has allowed the microfinance banks to extend
loans to microenterprises from above Rs150,000 up to Rs500,000 for a tenor not
exceeding five years under the credit guarantee scheme, according to a circular
issued on Tuesday.



The SBP has also extended the scope of the credit guarantee scheme by including
the microfinance banks as eligible participating financial institutions in order
to enable microenterprises benefit from this scheme, it said.

The microfinance banks, which have already obtained prior approval of the
central bank to undertake microenterprise lending as per the circular dated
March 16, can apply for the allocation of credit exposure limits under the
scheme, it said.

Earlier the credit guarantee scheme was open to commercial banks only. The
microfinance banks would find great comfort in taking credit risks as they now
enjoy the risk coverage of 40 percent on their loans to microenterprises.

According to the scheme, it is designed to ensure partial repayment of a loan to
motivate lenders to lend to borrowers, which would not have access to credit
under normal circumstances. The growth of small and rural businesses is
imperative for any developing economy. Access to formal finance for this sector
is a major problem, hindering the growth of small and microenterprises,
particularly in the rural areas, according to the circular.

Given the impediments in the way of small and rural enterprises in Pakistan to
raise capital from the capital markets or financing from the financial
institutions, the scheme is supposed to provide help resolve severe credit
rationing.

The scheme is to be used for targeting small enterprises and farmers with
economic landholding, without any specific regional or cluster restrictions,
across the country, it said.

Preference for the use of the guarantee fund would be given to fresh and
collateral-deficient borrowers.

Participating financial institutions will ensure that the guaranteed loans are
not used for the purposes contradicting the objective of the scheme, ie, the
facility will not be used for debt swaps / adjusting an existing loan, buying
company shares or member of a partnership, or financing interest payments, etc.


Instead of evaluation of each and every loan, portfolio (principal amount only)
of loans (extended after allocation of credit guarantee limit) of a
participating financial institution, which meet the given criteria is to be
guaranteed under the scheme to the extent of its allocated credit guarantee
limit, it said.

The SBP/SBP BSC (Bank) will have the right to withdraw its approval of guarantee
if it is discovered at any stage that the borrower was not eligible for
financing under the scheme at the time of the extension of the loan facility, it
said.

In such an event, the participating financial institution will bear 100 percent
of the credit risk of such borrower, it added.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2012 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              219 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                             August 15, 2014 Friday

Housing plan gets backing

BYLINE: David Mckay

SECTION: NEWS; OTHER; Others; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 563 words


A proposed housing development that would significantly expand the western
outskirts of Aberdeen has been recommended for approval by council officials.

The plans for 3,000 homes at Countesswells were tabled by a consortium headed by
north-east businessmen Stewart Milne and Ian Suttie.

The £700million project, including primary and secondary schools, shops, leisure
facilities and land for employment use, also has the backing of the UK
Government.

The Treasury yesterday said it has guaranteed an £80million loan to help finance
the development as part of nationwide scheme to boost private investment in
infrastructure.

The 410-acre farmland site lies between Bieldside to the south and Kingswells to
the north.

It is bounded to the east by Hazlehead woods, park and golf courses, and to the
west by Foggieton and Countesswells Wood.

A report to be considered by the council's development management subcommittee
next Thursday recommends the project for conditional approval.

The land is zoned for housing in the local development plan, but the scheme has
met with opposition from community councils in Kingswells, Craigiebuckler and
Seafield, as well as Cults, Bieldside and Milltimber.

Chief among the concerns are the impact on traffic, public transport links, road
layout and management of green spaces.

The council's head of planning, Margaret Bochel, says in a report to councillors
that "supporting infrastructure", including new roads, schools and healthcare
facilities, would have to be provided over the course of the development to meet
the needs of the community.

The report adds that Scottish Government agency Transport Scotland requested
that a condition should be attached restricting the first stage of the
development to 1,000 residential units and requisite retail and office space up
until the opening of the Aberdeen Western Peripheral Route (AWPR).

Ms Bochel adds: "In conclusion, the proposal complies with the land-release
policy as the particular circumstances, in terms of investment in
infrastructure, justify the granting of planning permission."

Ms Bochel recommends approval, subject to agreements on the provision of 25%
affordable housing and developer contributions towards improving the local road
network and building schools, community and healthcare facilities, a library and
sports fields.

Also, no more than 2,000 houses should be occupied until the Jessiefield
roundabout is upgraded - and a public-transport strategy and proposals on
"reducing dependency" on the car would also have to be developed.

Announcing the UK Treasury deal yesterday, Chief Secretary Danny Alexander said
the development would be "fantastic news" for north-east families and the
economy of Scotland generally.

He added: "This is an excellent example of using the strength of the UK's
balance sheet and hard-won credit rating to guarantee and support infrastructure
projects across the country."

Glenn Allison, chief executive officer of the Stewart Milne Group, said: "It is
a critical project for the city over the next 15 years, delivering much-needed
homes and community facilities that in turn will support Aberdeen's economic
growth."

Aberdeen City Council leader Jenny Laing said: "I warmly welcome this important
loan guarantee from the UK Treasury.

This will allow upfront investment in the vital infrastructure which will be
necessary for the development to go ahead."

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The development lies west of Hazlehead, north of Cults and south of
Kingswells
VISION: Developers see their £700m project delivering much-needed homes and
community facilities. Critics warn of traffic problems and urban sprawl
An artist's impression of an idyllic landscape
Dr Margaret Bochel: plan complies with policy
Jenny Laing: upfront investment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PJ


                      Copyright 2014 Aberdeen Journals Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              220 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 5, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: USDA Community Facilities Loan and Grant Program

LENGTH: 363 words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact  For a list of USDA Rural Development State Offices, see
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

Community Programs, a division of the Housing and Community Facilities Programs,
is part of the United States Department of Agriculture's Rural Development
mission area. Community Programs administers programs designed to develop
essential community facilities for public use in rural areas.

These facilities include schools, libraries, childcare, hospitals, medical
clinics, assisted living facilities, fire and rescue stations, police stations,
community centers, public buildings and transportation. Community Programs
utilizes three flexible financial tools to achieve this goal: the Community
Facilities Direct and Guaranteed Loan Program, the Community Facilities Grant
Program, and the Rural Community Development Initiative.
Eligibility

Community Programs provides grants to assist in the development of essential
community facilities in rural areas and towns of up to 20,000 in population.
Grants are available to public entities such as municipalities, counties, and
special-purpose districts, as well as non-profit corporations and tribal
governments.

Loans and guarantees are available to public entities such as municipalities,
counties, and special-purpose districts, as well as to non-profit corporations
and tribal governments.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding  Amount varies. Grants are authorized on a graduated scale. Applicants
located in small communities with low populations and low incomes will receive a
higher percentage of grants.
Application
process  Applications are handled by USDA Rural Development field offices. For a
listing of field offices, see http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Tagged as  Capital Funding, Child Care, Clinics, Community Development, Critical
Access Hospitals, Emergency Medical Services, Health Information Technology,
Hospitals, Schools, Telehealth, Trauma

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              221 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                               February 16, 2017

                    Halifax Electric Membership Corporation

                    208 West Whitfield Street, P. O. Box 667
                                 Enfield 27823
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Agriculture Secretary Announces Electric System Improvements in Eight States

   Sep 05, 2013

   Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced funding for projects in
eight states, including Virginia, to improve electric service for about 10,000
rural residents. Rural Utilities Service Administrator John Padalino made the
announcement on the Secretary's behalf in Norfolk, Va., during the 2013 regional
meeting of the National Rural Electric Cooperative Association.The loan
guarantees are made available through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
(USDA) rural utilities program and include more than $11 million in smart grid
project funding."These investments will continue to ensure safe, reliable and
affordable service for rural residents, farmers, and commercial and industrial
consumers," Padalino said. "This funding, which is part of the Obama
Administration's vision for a new rural energy economy, includes investments in
smart grid technologies that modernize our nation's electric system and improve
its operation." For example, the Central Virginia Electric Cooperative will use
USDA funding to build 327 miles of line and invest more than $1.1 million in
smart grid technologies across 14 counties. The following is a list of rural
electric utilities that will receive USDA funding, contingent upon the recipient
meeting the terms of the loan agreement. Iowa Midland Power Cooperative
â[#x20ac]" $25,300,000. Funds will be used to serve 530 customers, build 552
miles of distribution line and make other system improvements. The loan amount
includes $520,000 for smart grid projects. Kansas Lane-Scott Electric
Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $28,460,000. USDA funds will be used to serve 580
customers, build 121 miles of distribution line and make other system
improvements. The loan amount includes $3,000,000 for smart grid projects.
Bluestem Electric Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $12,850,000. Funds will be used
to serve 431 customers, build 62 miles of distribution line and make other
system improvements. The loan amount includes $312,000 for smart grid projects.
Missouri and IowaUnited Electric Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $26,625,000. Funds
will be used to serve 652 customers, build 167 miles of distribution line and
make other system improvements. North Carolina Halifax Electric Membership
Corporation â[#x20ac]" $4,050,000. Funds will be used to improve 2 miles of
distribution line and make other system improvements. New Mexico and Texas Lea
County Electric Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $24,508,000. Funds will be used to
serve 1,158 customers, build 138 miles of distribution line and make other
system improvements. The loan amount includes $75,000 for smart grid projects.
Ohio South Central Power Company â[#x20ac]" $64,000,000. Funds will be used to
serve 5,160 customers, build 558 miles of distribution line, 34 miles of
transmission line and make other system improvements. The loan amount includes
$6,370,485 for smart grid projects. Virginia Central Virginia Electric
Cooperative â[#x20ac]" $22,100,000. Funds will be used to serve 1,989 customers,
build 327 miles of distribution line and make other system improvements. The
loan amount includes $1,157,330 for smart grid projects. The $207.9 million in
USDA loan guarantees announced today will be used to build nearly 2,000 miles of
line, fund more than $11 million in smart grid projects and make other system
improvements. Since 2011, USDA has invested more than $526 million in smart grid
technologies nationwide. President Obama's plan for rural America has brought
about historic investment and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the
President's leadership, these investments in housing, community facilities,
businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading
the way â[#x20ac]" strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural
communities. USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural way of
life that stands as the backbone of our American values. President Obama and
Agriculture Secretary Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of Federal
resources to foster sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is
a strong partner for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural
communities. USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, has a portfolio
of programs designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities,
businesses, residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in
rural America. USDA has made a concerted effort to deliver results for the
American people, even as the Department implements sequestration â[#x20ac]" the
across-the-board budget reductions mandated under terms of the Budget Control
Act. USDA has already undertaken historic efforts since 2009 to save more than
$828 million in taxpayer funds through targeted, common-sense budget reductions.
These reductions have put USDA in a better position to carry out its mission,
while implementing sequester budget reductions in a fair manner that causes as
little disruption as possible.


NCUC Issues Order Registering Halifax's 98.56kW Solar PV Facility As Renewable
Energy Facility

   May 12, 2011

   The North Carolina Utilities Commission (NCUC) has issued an order accepting
registration of Halifax Electric Membership Corporation's (Halifax's) 98.56kW
solar PV facility located in Enfield in Halifax county, as a renewable energy
facility. On March 14, 2011, the company has filed a registration statement
pursuant to Commission Rule R8-66 for a new renewable energy facility.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Key Operational Employees               Key Employees
Key Facts                               Locations and Subsidiaries
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2017


                              222 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            July 30, 2008 Wednesday

Piketon plant seeks loan guarantees;
Officials say they are running out of money to build world's most efficient
centrifuges at a cost of $3.5 billion.

BYLINE: By Tom Beyerlein Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 371 words


The company building the multi-billion-dollar American Centrifuge uranium
enrichment plant in the south central Ohio community of Piketon has applied to
the Energy Department for federal loan guarantees amidst spiraling costs.

A spokeswoman for USEC Inc. declined to specify the size of the loan guarantee
the Bethesda, Md., company is seeking, but the department has been authorized by
Congress to issue up to $2 billion in loan guarantees for advanced facilities on
the "front end" of the nuclear fuel cycle, including uranium enrichment plants.

The guarantees are included in a program designed to help to finance "green"
demonstration projects using new technology until they can be commercialized.
It's uncertain when a screening committee will make recommendations for loan
guarantees for approval by Energy Secretary Samuel W. Bodman.

"Our project is qualified," USEC spokeswoman Elizabeth Stuckle said on Tuesday,
July 29. "I'm confident we'll get one. Our biggest concern is timeliness."

The loan guarantees would provide federal backing for investors should the
project go into default.

USEC officials have said they're running out of money for the centrifuge
project, an update of U.S. government technology developed from the 1960s
through the 1980s. They have been estimating the project will be complete by
2012 at a cost of $3.5 billion - more than double the cost projection of a few
years ago. But Stuckle said the company will disclose Aug. 5 whether the
timetable and estimated costs will change yet again.

The American Centrifuge would satisfy a third of U.S. demand for enriched
uranium for fuel rods and replace USEC's antiquated Paducah (Ky.) Gaseous
Diffusion Plant. USEC says the centrifuges, now being tested in Piketon, would
be the world's most efficient, and are necessary for America's energy security.
Critics have raised questions about the enormous costs for what they say is
unproven technology.

USEC, the privatized spinoff of a former government company, is the only
American-owned uranium enrichment company.

The company has said the centrifuge plant will provide about 400 permanent jobs
in the impoverished Piketon area.

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-2264 or tbeyerlein@DaytonDailyNews.. com

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              223 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Jerusalem Post

                           January 16, 2008 Wednesday

European Investment Bank launches new instrument to finance transport network

BYLINE: ARI SYRQUIN

SECTION: ECONOMICS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 1008 words



HIGHLIGHT: WHAT'S NEW IN THE EU. The author is the head of the International
Department at Joseph Shem-Tov Law Firm


Last week the European Commission and the European Investment Bank (EIB) signed
a Cooperation Agreement establishing the Loan Guarantee Instrument for trans-
European transport network projects (LGTT). This new instrument is expected to
facilitate greater participation of the private sector in the financing of
transport infrastructure of European significance, especially for investments in
projects where there is a high level of revenue risk in the early operational
period of a project.

The LGTT, which forms part of the Trans-European Transport Network (TEN) program
and the EIB's Action for Growth initiative, will partially cover this risk and
thereby significantly improve the financial viability of investments. The
capital contribution of Û1 billion (Û500 million each from the Commission and
the EIB) is intended to support up to Û20b. of total capital investment.

How does the LGTT work? The LGTT is an EIB guarantee, the risk capital for which
is jointly provided by EIB and the European Commission, in favor of commercial
banks which will provide stand-by liquidity facility ("SBF") in addition to the
usual project finance funding instruments. In accordance with the European
Commission's report, the SBF can be drawn by the project company in case of
unexpected reduction of traffic income of the project during the initial ramp-up
period of operation in order to assure service of its senior credit facilities.

It is hoped that the SBF, funded by commercial banks, will benefit from a
guarantee from the EIB and could be available for draw down in the initial
ramp-up period only after construction of the project is completed. All
repayments to be made on the outstanding amounts of the SBF (on a cash sweep
basis) are in principle subordinated to the senior loans underpinned by it,
subject to specific needs of a given financial structure.

In accordance with the EC's publication, if at the end of the availability
period there are still amounts outstanding under the SBF (interest, interest
accrued and principal), the LGTT guarantee can be called upon by the SBF
providers. The EIB would pay out the SBF providers and then become subordinated
creditor to the project. Once EIB is creditor to the project, amounts due under
the LGTT will still rank junior to the debt service of the senior credit
facility and would be repaid either on a cash sweep basis based on the post
senior debt service available cash (default solution) or on a fixed
reimbursement profile of the LGTT debt.

The Loan Guarantee Instrument

The investment required to complete and modernize the Trans-European Network is
reported to exceed the capabilities of public funding. For the period 2007-2013
alone, the investment needs for TEN projects is expected to come to some Û300
billion. A significant financial gap in public sector resources is anticipated
and it will only be overcome by mobilizing private investment in large
infrastructure projects. The LGTT - an EIB guarantee for subordinated debt in
the form of a stand-by liquidity facility to be provided by commercial banks -
counters this problem by providing security for the initial traffic revenue risk
over the first 5-7 years of a project's operation. The LGTT assists the projects
in coping with the initial risk while relying on the long-term perspective of
the project being financially viable.

The design of LGTT, by improving the ability of borrower to service senior debt,
is intended to enhance the overall credit quality and thereby encourages a
reduction of risk margins applied to senior loans to the project. These savings
are supposed to surpass the cost to the borrower of the guarantee, resulting in
added financial value for the project. The incorporation of LGTT, by rendering
private sector investment into a project more attractive and therefore less
costly, will thus provide benefits to the society as a whole.

The European Commission reported that the LGTT will complement two other
financial instruments of the European Commission tailored for TEN projects and
aimed at increasing the participation of private capital. The Risk Capital
Facility offers risk capital to investment funds focused on providing equity for
TEN projects, whereas availability payment schemes can benefit from a
construction cost based grant during the operational, post- construction phase
of the project.

Which transportation projects can benefit from the LGTT? Projects, or part of a
project, of common interest in the field of transport in the framework of
decision number 1692/96/EC compliant with Community laws and for which financial
viability is based in whole or in part, on revenues, tolls or other user-charges
based income. The stand-by liquidity facility guaranteed by the LGTT should not
exceed 10 percent of the total amount of the senior debt. The amount of the
guarantee is subject to a maximum ceiling of Û200m. per project pursuant to the
EIB Structured Finance Facility rules ("SFF"). The SFF is said to be the EIB's
main facility for increased risk taking, established in order to support
projects of European importance including large-scale infrastructure schemes.

What risks does the EIB take under the LGTT scheme? Under the LGTT, the EIB has
proclaimed it will accept exposure to higher financial risks than under its
normal lending activities. Effectively, if the EIB guarantee is called upon by
the stand-by liquidity facility providers at the end of the availability period,
the EIB would reimburse the SBF providers and become a subordinated lender to
the project, however it would come ahead of any payment to the equity providers
and related financings. Once the EIB has become a creditor to the project,
amounts due under the LGTT will also rank junior to the debt service of the
senior credit facility. The EIB, by taking such subordinated risk through the
LGTT guarantee, hopes to help the project to handle the revenue risk of the
early years of operation while maintaining the long-term perspective needed to
ensure the project's financially stability.

syrquin@013.net

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Jerusalem Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              224 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                                  July 5, 2010

HUD Key to Construction Deal

BYLINE: Shelly Sigo

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 23 Vol. 34 No. 39

LENGTH: 598  words


Kentucky officials hope a popular federal loan guarantee program will be the
catalyst to resume construction of a $465 million, 62-story skyscraper on the
banks of the Ohio River in downtown Louisville that has been stalled by the
credit crisis.

The Museum Plaza project also would be funded with private equity and public
financing. It is expected to create thousands of badly needed jobs for the
region.

Hoping to kick-start the project, state officials announced last week that they
would apply for a $100 million loan guarantee from the Department of Housing and
Urban Development's Section 108 provision of the community development block
grant program. The CDBG program provides communities with a source of financing
for economic development, housing rehabilitation, public facilities and
large-scale development projects.

Since it was implemented in 1978, the Section 108 program has issued $7 billion
in commitments for projects around the country, many of which used a combination
of public and private financing, federal officials said.

If Kentucky's application is approved it will be the third-largest federal loan
guarantee ever granted. It also will be the first time the state has used
Section 108.

"Tough economic times mean we must be more creative to find funding for
important projects," Gov. Steve Beshear said when he announced the new strategy
to build Museum Plaza. "Applying for this federal loan [guarantee] is a first
step, and while we cannot predict whether it will be approved, my administration
is excited about the potential opportunity to create thousands of jobs and get
Kentucky's economic engines moving again."

Site work began in late 2007 on the 703-foot-tall multi-tower project designed
by Joshua Prince-Ramus, an architect at New York-based REX. It includes office
and residential space, hotels, the University of Louisville's Master of Fine
Arts program, a nonprofit contemporary art museum and a public park.

However, actual building construction never got under way largely because of the
credit crisis, according to Craig Greenberg, an attorney with Frost Brown Todd
LLC and one of the project's four development partners.

"From the beginning this has been a public-private partnership to make this
project a reality," he said. "It has strong support from state, local, and
federal officials as well as the business and labor community. It has enjoyed
that support for years and I think everyone is excited about getting this
project under construction and it becoming a reality."

Developers have already invested $48 million. They expect to obtain a $140.5
million traditional construction loan and to repay the $100 million obtained
under the HUD loan guarantee program, which will be backstopped against default
by state CDBG funds.

Project financing also includes $90 million of tax increment financing bonds,
$45 million of general obligation bonds to be sold by Louisville, $15 million of
revenue bonds secured by pledges of art museum supporters, and $26.5 million
from the university. Discussions about how the university will fund its portion
are still under way, Greenberg said.

Although the financing plan has not been finalized and members of the finance
team are still being selected, he said the goal is to issue debt before the end
of the year and to take advantage of the taxable Build America Bond program.

HUD's Section 108 program will be critical to the financing package. The
Kentucky Department for Local Government plans to submit the application after
holding a public hearing on July 7.

Shelly Sigo is a reporter for The Bond Buyer.

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              225 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 21, 2015 Saturday

Washington: Heitkamp Announces Federal Loans for North Dakota Rural & Tribal
Communities

LENGTH: 275 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Heidi Heitkamp has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Heidi Heitkamp, the top Democrat on the U.S. Senate Agriculture
Subcommittee on Rural Development and Energy, announced a total of nearly $18
million in federal direct loans and $10 million in federal loan guarantees to
support rural and tribal education, housing, and healthcare development.





 &ldquo;Investments in North Dakota's rural and tribal communities help our
state stay economically vibrant,&rdquo; said Heitkamp. &ldquo;The predominantly
rural landscape in North Dakota makes rural and tribal communities important to
countless families. From the Red River Valley to the rugged western landscape,
these communities must have the facilities they need to support the first stages
of education as well as make sure our senior citizens are cared for, and that's
what these federal loans will help do."



     Hill Top Home of Comfort, Killdeer - A $3.5 million federal direct loan
will be made to build a new assisted living facility.



     Hazen Memorial Hospital Association, Hazen - A more than $11 million
federal direct loan as well as a $10.3 million guaranteed federal loan will be
made to build a new Critical Access Hospital and clinic.



     Cankdeska Cikana Community College, Fort Totten - A $3.1 million federal
direct loan will be made to build a better Head Start facility.



 These federal funds are made available by the U.S. Department of Agriculture
Rural Development Community Facilities Direct Loan Program.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              226 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Ocala Star-Banner (Florida)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 15, 2011 Tuesday

County considers facility's request

BYLINE: Bill Thompson, Ocala Star-Banner, Fla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1042 words


Nov. 15--County commissioners on Tuesday got their first opportunity to vet a
proposed $20 million assisted-living facility slated for the west side of Ocala,
and signaled that county help for the developer in securing funding hinged on
demonstrating whether the project was necessary.

White Coral LLC has proposed a five-story, 120-bed facility with 60 spots for
assisted living patients, 40 units for independent living clients and 20 beds
for Alzheimer's sufferers.

White Coral's project is expected to generate at least 80 jobs. The company
wants to build along Southwest 44th Avenue between State Road 200 and Southwest
20th Street.

Ocala lawyer Steve Gray, who represents White Coral, said the company was lining
up a loan guarantee from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development to
cover $14.8 million it intended to borrow from private lenders.

The company also was putting up $5.7 million of its own.

The company's request to the commission, Gray said, was to guarantee $1 million
of the HUD-backed portion. The Ocala City Council recently did likewise with a
4-1 vote.

Levy County, through an application submitted to Washington through the state,
is preparing to support the bulk of the financing load, Gray added.

Levy would pledge to back the other $12.8 million White Coral plans to borrow.

Gray said Levy County was involved because it does not receive HUD funding and
because its residents would be allocated a certain number of beds within the
facility, if needed. If there was a waiting list, Gray added, Levy residents
would receive first priority because of their community's participation.

White Coral anticipates that the project will take off, Gray noted. Yet if the
firm defaulted on the loan, HUD would cover that and then recoup its money from
the state and the local governments by taking back funding for Community
Development Block Grants, Gray said. That would be repaid over several years.

Commissioners questioned some aspects of the county's commitment, but seemed to
focus most on the occupancy rates at a handful of existing facilities located
around Ocala and The Villages, and how those would be affected by this project.

A handful of residents spoke about White Coral's project. Patricia Reed of
Summerfield said she supported it because the facility would provide care to
low- and moderate-income residents and would enable some county residents to
remain in the area instead of being sent to another county to receive care.

On the other hand, Roger Knechtel of Dunnellon said necessity was the critical
factor in going forward.

"Do we really need this? I smell ... Agenda 21 here," he said. "The state is
going to be getting money from HUD and has to pay it back, and I don't know how
many of these facilities (are) in this state versus all the states in the United
States. This is not the time to do anything like this. ... I think the federal
government is just trying to destroy and bankrupt us."

Commissioners will vote on whether to back the deal at a second public hearing
on Dec. 6.

In other matters Tuesday, the commission:

--Voted 4-1 against the installation of traffic lights and turn lanes at two
intersections along County Road 475.

The county Transportation Department proposed making the CR 475 improvements at
Southeast/Southwest 52nd Street and at Southeast 145th Street. Combined, the
projects would have cost roughly $750,000.

Assistant County Administrator Mounir Bouyounes said that while the volume of
traffic had been dropping along the route, lingering safety concerns had
prompted the request.

McClain, however, argued that the improvements were unwarranted. He noted that
the commission last year rejected a similar plan for Southeast 80th Street and
CR 475, an intersection that was more deserving of improvements than the two
discussed Tuesday. Only Commissioner Kathy Bryant supported the proposal, saying
a fix was needed, particularly at 52nd Street.

--Approved spending $150,000 to pave the main access road for The Refuge, a
long-term residential rehabilitation center located in the Ocala National
Forest.

The center, according to a letter from its founder and CEO, Judy Crane, has
state approval to expand from 60 beds to 75 and to build a 14,400-square-foot
addition.

The Refuge primarily treats drug, alcohol and sex addiction as well as mental
health issues, such as post-traumatic stress disorder.

The group now employs 109 people, Crane wrote, but hopes to hire another 75
workers over the next three years to accommodate the new growth.

The Refuge has operated in Ocklawaha since 2003, leasing 52 acres from the St.
Johns Water Management District. In fiscal year 2010, the Refuge paid the
district $180,000 in rent. Calling the nonprofit group "a reliable tenant and
good steward of the premises," water managers in March extended the group's
lease to 2031.

Crane's organization generates more than $6 million a year serving clients from
around the globe.

According to a report by Rick Michael, the county's economic development
director, the additional jobs -- paying an average of $39,000 a year -- could
create a communitywide economic-impact ripple of more than $40 million over the
next seven years.

"That's a great way for us to be able to use that money that we set aside for
our infrastructure stuff," said McClain, referring to a special economic
development fund the board created for this budget year.

--Backed Sheriff Ed Dean's request to spend savings from last fiscal year on new
patrol cars.

The Sheriff's Office had halted its practice of buying 60 new vehicles a year in
2007 in order to save money as the economy soured.

But with 71 percent of the sheriff's fleet expected to exceed 150,000 miles in
2012, Dean and the board arranged to spend $2 million on new cars.

Dean's agency was able to return almost $2.9 million to the county in funding
that was not spent in fiscal year 2011, which ended Oct. 1. Dean asked that
additional savings also be applied toward the purchase of patrol vehicles.

The Sheriff's Office has already ordered 14 new patrol cars with some of the
funding the County Commission had agreed earlier to spend.

___ (c)2011 the Ocala Star-Banner (Ocala, Fla.) Visit the Ocala Star-Banner
(Ocala, Fla.) at www.ocala.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111115-OA-County-considers-facility-s-request-20111115

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OA


                        Copyright 2011 Ocala Star-Banner


                              227 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                           February 4, 2015 Wednesday

PAK: RURAL FINANCIAL INCLUSION AND DAIRY GROWTH FACILITY

LENGTH: 266  words


Borrower/Equity Investment Name  : RFI & DAIRY GROWTH FACILITY
Type or Modality of Assistance : PS
Financing  : Private sector (Nonsovereign)


Status  : Proposed
Sector  : Agriculture, natural resources and rural development
Subsector  : Agricultural production
Safeguard Categories  : Environment: C
Resettlement: C
Indigenous People : C
Responsible ADB Officer : Rainer Hartel (Request for information)
Responsible ADB Department : Private Sector Operations Department
Responsible ADB Divisions : Private Sector Financial Institutions Division
PDS Creation Date : 23 Sep 2013
Last PDS Update : 30 Sep 2014
Timetable :
Concept Clearance: 20 Aug 2012
Approval: 21 Oct 2013
Description : A partial credit guarantee (PCG) facility of up to $35,000,000 (or
PKR equivalent) in support of investment loans made to small dairy farmers. PCGs
may be issued by ADB within four years after the Board approval. PCGs may cover
loans with a tenor of up to 5 years. The first PCG for up to $3 million (or PKR
equivalent) will partially guarantee a portfolio of loans to be made by a local
bank to dairy farmers.
Objectives and Scope : The proposed facility will contribute to (i) improving
small dairy farmers supply of high value added dairy products, (ii) scaling up
viable banking services for small dairy farmers, and (iii) improving dairy
farmers access to investment capital.
Project completion date : 2016-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : ASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK (ADB)

Address : 6 ADB Avenue,
Mandaluyong City 1550

Country :Philippines
Url : http://www.adb.org

Financier : Asian Development Bank (ADB),

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              228 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Hawk Eye (Burlington, Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 20, 2013 Thursday

Keokuk forum tackles rural housing needs

BYLINE: Christinia Crippes, The Hawk Eye, Burlington, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 856 words


June 20--KEOKUK -- Iowans can easily define the word "rural," as most of them
live it and see it everyday.

The same is not necessarily true of the United States Department of Agriculture
Rural Development staff.

Though they also tend to live and breathe issues related to the more rustic
areas of the country, defining "rural" is not so easy for the department with
more than a dozen interpretations of the word.

Even if a there isn't a specific number, USDA Rural Development staff has no
doubt the people living outside cities or in small towns have particular needs
that must be addressed differently than their metropolitan neighbors.

The Tri-State Housing Task Force brought together USDA Rural Development and
other officials for a mini-summit on housing needs in southeast Iowa. The summit
was Wednesday afternoon at Keokuk City Hall.

Keynote speaker Tammye Trevino, administrator for the USDA Rural Development
housing and community facilities programs, said one of the biggest housing
challenges for rural America is providing affordable places to live when a
community has a growth spurt.

Whether it's from an in-flux of oil and gas workers or building a new fertilizer
plant, Trevino said it's difficult to provide affordable housing and get it
built quickly.

"That is a challenge, because quick enough is relative," Trevino said after her
speech Wednesday afternoon. "Anytime that you're going to grow that fast, with
that many more homes, you're putting a lot of stress on the counties' and
communities' infrastructure, so that's where the community needs to start."

Among its many housing programs -- the department has about 16 -- Rural
Development also can help rural communities with their infrastructure needs. But
before the communities can address infrastructure, they need a plan for the
future.

"Bottom line, it takes really good strategic planning," Trevino said. "You've
got to know what you want to be when you grow up, and if you can figure that
out, and you can plan toward that, then, you'll be in good shape."

Creative investments

Trevino outlined during her speech several of the 16 housing programs that Rural
Development oversees, including various home loan guarantee programs. She said
popular programs like Self-Help Housing may be phased out, but she said tax
credits are likely here to stay for affordable housing.

She said the Iowa office has been particularly successful, and with less staff.

She said in 2008, the office did $105 million in mortgage financing. In 2012, it
more than doubled to $240 million.

"That's how much more they're doing with 30 percent less staff than they had in
2008," Trevino said. "If it wasn't for this (program), you may not have the
communities you have right now."

She said the loan guarantee program, known as 502 guarantee program, also has
been successful nationally, as it is self-funded. It is authorized for $24
billion and Trevino said the department is set to reach the cap this year.

She said another program that deal with community facilities has also under her
watch become budget negative, meaning that it earns the money it needs to keep
operating without a congressional appropriation.

Trevino said the programs could even become bigger but budget cuts dating back
to 2009 have prevented staff from processing applications any faster. The 30
percent cut in Iowa was done through a voluntary retirement program.

Pat Poepping, a Tri-State Development Summit Steering Committee member, asked if
the programs have a higher or lower success rate, and the impact of the housing
bubble. Without laying out numbers, Trevino said the programs have been
successful and most loans go into default only when a person loses his or her
job.

"Not because they walked away from the home. Not because of strategic default,"
Trevino said, adding that there's not a program Rural Development has to keep
people employed or find new employment.

Defining rural

Elaine Davis, a member of the Quincy, Ill., Housing Authority, asked whether her
community of 40,000 would someday qualify as rural to better serve the region
and its tinier towns.

"I am appealing, because it is very important to the communities that we serve,"
Davis said.

Davis' question led Trevino to explain the numerous definitions of rural and
what members of Congress would consider rural.

Her answer summed up was, "Who knows? Anything is possible."

Trevino said since the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development deals
with communities larger than 50,000, she said it's possible cities under that
amount could one day be rural.

She said, on the other hand, some members of Congress like smaller numbers. Bill
Menner, USDA Rural Development state director for Iowa, added some out east
think that a town of 40,000 would have a single stoplight.

But she said Congress has been asked to consider the question.

"It's really out of our hands at this point, but Congress is going to do
something; I know they are, because everyone has decided they've kind of had
enough," Trevino said.

___ (c)2013 The Hawk Eye (Burlington, Iowa) Visit The Hawk Eye (Burlington,
Iowa) at www.thehawkeye.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130620-QW-Keokuk-forum-tackles-rural-housing-needs-0620-20130620

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QW


                          Copyright 2013 The Hawk Eye


                              229 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Hertfordshire Mercury

                                 July 22, 2005

Gloves are off in bid to help boxing club

LENGTH: 260 words


THE gloves are off for Cheshunt Boxing Club after they vowed this week to fight
on in their desperate quest to improve their cramped facilities.

The club need at least 40,000 to re-develop their overcrowded gymnasium at
Albury Ride, particularly as more and more youngsters are now using the
facility.

So far they have been unable to secure help from bodies like Sport England or
the Lottery board, and last month their application for a loan of 60,000, which
would have been paid back over 20 years, was turned down by Broxbourne Council
because the club could not provide a guarantee on the money.

The Council's grants panel, along with its policy and resources committee, took
into consideration costs of building work, the club's finances and the
possibility of guarantees when making its decision.

Cheshunt ABC, who believe they should be given the necessary money by the
council because of their role in the community, confirmed that they could not
provide a guarantee for the loan.

As a result, the policy and resources committee rejected their application.

Four months ago, the club had their request for a 128,000 cash grant rejected,
as Broxbourne Council felt that other applications better fitted its grants
panel's criteria.

Although they have decided to begin work on their facilities, spending in the
region of 15,000 in the process, Cheshunt ABC know they will need to splash out
a good deal more if they are to achieve their objectives.

But the impassioned plea of one councillor has provided them with a fresh source
of hope.

Cllr Paul Seeby, chairman of

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HertsMerc


                    Copyright 2005 Iliffe News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              230 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                              May 22, 2009 Friday

SPECIAL FEATURE: SME Financing;
Fishing for funds

BYLINE: Michelle S. Caligan

SECTION: Pg. S2/10

LENGTH: 414 words


The increase in the number of small and medium enterprises (SMEs) in the country
has paved the way for financial institutions to start coming up with their own
crop of loan packages tailored to the specific needs of start-up firms.

Aside from banks who regularly sponsor SME development programs, the Philippine
government has in recent years taken a more active role in ensuring that the
sector gets proper financial aid.

In 2001, it put up the Small Business Corporation (SBC) - merging the
government-managed Small Business Guarantee and Finance Corp. (SBGFC) and the
Guarantee Fund for Small and Medium Enterprises (GFSME) - with an authorized
capital stock of P5 billion and an initial capitalization of P1 billion in the
form of equity investments.

A year later, it helped draft the country's SME Development Plan, which has been
approved for implementation by the Arroyo administration.

Currently, the Wholesale Lending Program for SMEs offered by the state-owned
firm acts as a funding crutch for financial institutions lending to micro,
small, and medium enterprises (mSMEs) - a particularly relevant aid tactic for
small SME conduits operating in the countryside. Participating financial firms
are provided with an Omnibus Credit Line, which allows them to avail of several
credit lines offered by the SBC.

Under the Wholesale Lending Program are the SME FAST (Funding Access for
Short-term Loans) Facility, which, through banks, provides P100,000 to P20
million loans to individual borrowers; and the SME FIRM (Funding Investments in
Regional Markets) Facility, which handles low-interest, medium-term SME loans
for asset acquisition and working capital.

To make SME lending more appealing to banks, SBC's Credit Guarantee Program
offers credit sharing to financial firms, thus lessening the credit risks
inherent in funding start-up businesses. Meanwhile, should SMEs want direct
funding from the SBC, they can apply for a loan through the Retail Lending
Program, which has short-term, medium, term and fixed asset financing packages.

SBC's most transformative scheme, however, is its Micro Financing Program, a
funding relief for micro entrepreneurs who are usually unregistered, have no
tangible business assets, and have limited credit track record, making it harder
for them to file for a business loan should they decide to register and expand
their venture. The program allows micro businesses to apply for loans through
commercial and rural banks and community cooperatives.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2009 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              231 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                          December 14, 2011 Wednesday

Crying Uncle

BYLINE: by Aviva Gat

LENGTH: 1052 words


Big-picture basic research spending boasts a strong federal government
tradition, but the investigations in Washington of two bankrupt companies -
Solyndra LLC and Open Range Communications Inc. - suggest that the American
people are suddenly demanding something new: an investment return on their tax
dollars.  Government spending on a massive scale to win World War II (the
Manhattan Project), to beat a Cold War rival to the moon (the National
Aeronautics and Space Administration) or even to fight a biological foe (the
National Cancer Act in 1971) never stirred public demands that such spending
generate a tangible return on investment.

And why should it? The tacit understanding has long been that the federal
government should invest in fundamental research that no one in the private
sector could or would.   That thinking may have crashed with the Troubled Asset
Relief Program, which clearly galvanized protests from the Tea Party to Occupy
Wall Street over the appearance that the government was bailing out people and
companies that didn't need it.  What's too bad about that perception is how it
has tarred other economic development initiatives. Not unlike the Tennessee
Valley Authority, which the New Deal built to bring power and economic
development to a swath of the impoverished South, the feds are currently trying
to spur broadband installations in rural communities. Open Range Communications
received a $267 million loan from the Rural Utilities Services division of the
U.S. Department of Agriculture in January 2009 to build just such a broadband
network in 546 communities in 17 states over five years.  Open Range, the
largest recipient of funds under the program, never completed the project
because it couldn't get the spectrum licenses.   In fact, when it filed for
Chapter 11 on Oct. 6, it had drawn only $73.5 million of the loan.  The USDA
defends the Open Range loan, asserting that the default rate on its loans is
just 4% of the loans provided. But the House Energy and Commerce Committee has
questioned whether the USDA conducted the correct due diligence before granting
the loans under the program and whether there was any accounting fraud or unfair
contributions from company insiders to the loan providers.  Solar panel maker
Solyndra is also being investigated by the committee. It was awarded a $535
million loan guarantee under the U.S. Department of Energy's Section 1705
program - established by the Obama administration's stimulus package, the
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 - to construct a second facility
for its photovoltaic solar power systems.  Solyndra was the first to receive
funding from this program in September 2009. (Wind energy company Kahuku Wind
Power LLCwas awarded a $117 million loan guarantee 10 months later.) Solyndra
completed construction of the facility in Fremont, Calif., for which it had
gotten the loan and began production in January.  Solyndra's technology differed
from that of other solar panel makers that used silicon in their products.
(Solyndra's panels are made of cylindrical modules rather than flat panels. The
panels are lighter and easier to install but are more costly.) High silicon
prices made Solyndra's panels cost-competitive, but when those prices sank, so
did Solyndra, and it filed for Chapter 11 on Sept. 6 with $329 million in
losses.  The situation parallels a similar one during the Carter administration.
Gas prices were high in the late '70s, and the U.S. was in the midst of its
second energy crisis. In 1980, President Carter signed the Energy Security Act,
which created the Synthetic Fuels Corp. to provide loans and loan guarantees to
companies developing synthetic fuels.   The act designated $88 billion for fuel
companies with a goal of producing 2 million barrels of oil equivalents by 1990.
The structure resembled the DOE 1705 program that provided funds to Solyndra.
The program was killed in 1985 after synthetic fuels proved "uneconomical" and
their producers remained reliant on government subsidies, according to Energy
Frontiers International, a nonadvocacy energy research association.   Ronald
Bailey, a science correspondent for the libertarian think tank Reason
Foundation, recalls the Great Plains Synfuels Plant in Beulah, N.D., which was
built with a $1.5 billion loan guarantee from Synthetic Fuels. The plant cost $2
billion to complete and began operations in 1984. But when the price of gas
nose-dived, the plant defaulted on its loan, forcing the DOE to pay up.  Bailey,
who has written books about energy and environmental topics and has testified
before the House Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, notes that the
Solyndra fallout resembles the bitter aftermath of the synthetic-fuels debacle.
"The government is terrible at identifying innovative technology," he says.
"Solyndra is just the latest example of that."  Does that mean that the federal
government should get out of the business of funding basic research?  Not
necessarily. It may just mean a new reality has dawned. Carter-era
synthetic-fuel companies withered and died, often quietly. Bankruptcy today is
more prevalent and public, giving more transparency to government loan programs,
embryonic industries and the companies that sometimes are ruined by the
immaturity of both.  For example, under the 1705 program, which expired Sept.
30, the DOE has provided about $16 billion in loan guarantees to 28 companies.
Only two - Solyndra and Beacon Power Corp. - filed for bankruptcy. One other
recipient,AES Corp., has a subsidiary proceeding through bankruptcy. (The unit,
AES Thames LLC, itself received no government funding.) Yet there's a feeling
the entire program, the entire idea of helping to finance renewable energy
enterprises, has been indicted as flawed.  Gordon Johnson, an alternative energy
research analyst for Axiom Capital Management Inc., isn't wrong when he says,
"The government really does not understand technology."  But what he doesn't say
is that without the government being the lender of last resort for what may be
critical technologies, now-booming industries, from digital electronics to
biotechnology, may not have emerged. If the price for that is a handful of
bankrupt companies and no return on investment, then it may be a small price to
pay.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2011 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              232 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                            November 6, 2011 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Money at heart of dispute over dueling hospitals in Lakeway

BYLINE: Mary Ann Roser AMERICAN-STATESMAN STAFF

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1518 words


LAKEWAY - The last chapter has not been written on Lakeway's decades-long quest
for a hospital, but some key players think they see an ending in sight. In a
saga with this many plot turns, it's hard to be certain.

Creating a hospital in this scenic, affluent community on Lake Travis hasn't
been easy, but Lakeway now has two hospitals close to completion. The bigger
facility, the $210 million Lakeway Regional Medical Center at 3000 RM 620 South
, is slated to open in April, hospital officials said at a forum Tuesday night.
The fate of the other facility just a half-mile away - Lake Travis Transitional
Medical Center at 2200 RM 620 South - is a mystery. No one connected with that
hospital seems to be talking, and no one returned repeated calls or emails from
the American-Statesman.

"Usually companies give us too much information, but this has been an absolute
wall" of silence, said Lakeway Mayor David DeOme , a staunch backer of the
larger, 106-bed Lakeway Regional hospital. "I have a feeling it has something to
do with finances, and they don't want anyone to know."

Hospital financing has been a sore subject in Lakeway. Early on, financial
uncertainty delayed work on Lakeway Regional. When announced in 2008, the
project had an opening date of this year. Finances also figured into a lawsuit
the smaller hospital filed against the government in questioning a record-high
loan guarantee to the larger hospital. Now, financing is a source of speculation
about the smaller hospital's fate.

The 46-bed facility, which also has been called Lake Travis Specialty Hospital,
was supposed to open earlier this year. The building has the necessary occupancy
permits, but "there's no furniture or equipment inside," DeOme said.

The owners of the smaller Lake Travis hospital apparently have been trying to
sell it; St. David's HealthCare was approached, but it declined, a spokeswoman
said. An official with the larger Seton Healthcare Family did not call back, and
Scott & White Healthcare said it had no acquisition plans to announce.

Fight over information

The Lakeway Regional hospital received the biggest-ever loan guarantee that the
U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development had ever given to a for-profit
hospital: $166.9 million. That guarantee "will save an estimated $91.2 million
in interest expense over the life of the loan," said HUD's March 2010 news
release.

The loan matures July 1, 2037, according to the hospital's deed of trust.

Lake Travis hospital officials sought information about the loan, and HUD said
the hospital would have to pay $5,326 upfront for documents. The officials paid
and waited, but no documents came, with HUD citing various reasons, including
needing time to review documents and determining which needed to be kept
confidential. On Dec. 14, the smaller hospital sued, saying HUD was withholding
information about the loan.

Lakeway Regional is "scheduled to be completed two years after Plaintiff's
hospital (and) will serve the community in direct competition with Plaintiff,"
the suit said. With the Lake Travis hospital so near, Lakeway Regional is not
"urgently needed" or in a medically "underserved" area, as HUD requires, the
suit said.

U.S. District Judge Sam Sparks of Austin determined that HUD had to turn over
most of the documents Lake Travis sought. In a Sept. 26 order, he said HUD had
behaved unacceptably and should pay Lake Travis Transitional Medical Center
$10,350 to cover its lawyer fees and $350 in litigation costs.

Lake Travis lawyer S. Abraham Kuczaj III of Austin did not return repeated
calls. Nor did the hospital's manager, Robert Berry, CEO of Pin Oak Management
Co. in Lakeway, or any of the officials with co-owner, Health Care REIT Inc. of
Toledo, Ohio.

Interra Partners LLC of Dallas, which built the hospital and is listed as an
owner by Health Care REIT in a document obtained by the Statesman , declined to
comment through managing partner Bill Hurd.

"Our hospital is finished. " We're just the developer. We built the hospital and
have no comment," Hurd said. He referred questions to Berry.

In a 2009 interview, Berry said the hospital would be aimed at patients who were
recovering from a traumatic injury or had some other serious medical problem and
needed to be hospitalized 25 or more days. He said it would cost $24 million to
build and $5 million to $7 million more to equip.

It would not compete with Lakeway Regional, Berry said then. But later, the
hospital was changed to an acute-care, general-purpose hospital, and competition
was mentioned as a key issue in the suit.

HUD has no comment on the court case, spokesman Lemar Wooley said Friday. He
wrote in an email that Lakeway Regional's loan application "was reviewed and met
our underwriting criteria for providing (Federal Housing Administration)
mortgage insurance."

A magnet for jobs

HUD said in its news release about the loan that it expected Lakeway Regional,
which is part of a development that includes a medical office building, a hotel
and shops, to support 1,871 full-time jobs and provide an annual economic
benefit of more than $308 million.

"The whole face of Lakeway is going to change," said Kenn Renner, a Lakeway real
estate broker who hosted Tuesday's development forum. He and others in the real
estate community expect Lakeway Regional to be a catalyst for jobs and housing
demand.

It will be one of Lakeway's largest employers, DeOme, the mayor, said.

"For every highly paid employee, we end up getting three to four ancillary jobs
in the community to support that," Renner said. "If you had 300 employees,
you're looking at " 1,200 to 1,500 new residents moving in."

HUD released documents to the Statesman on Friday in response to a Freedom of
Information Act request about the loan and the hospital's competitors, which
might also include the Hospital at Westlake Medical Center , St. David's South
Austin Medical Center , Seton Southwest Hospital and other Austin hospitals. But
HUD said it was withholding some documents at the request of Lakeway Regional
that the hospital said would harm its competitive position and other documents
that would hurt HUD's ability to receive candid advice in decision-making, HUD
said in a letter to the Statesman.

Lakeway Regional expects to open with 250 to 275 employees, not counting
doctors, hospital CEO David Kreye said. About 110 to 125 doctors will be on
staff, he said.

Although the city of Lakeway has just 11,300 residents, according to DeOme, the
hospital expects to draw patients from Steiner Ranch, Spicewood, Dripping
Springs and surrounding areas encompassing 90,000 to 100,000 residents, Kreye
said.

A financial feasibility study that Lakeway Regional officials sent to HUD before
it received the loan guarantee paints a more ambitious picture. That document
says the hospital would provide access to health care in a primary service area
of 174,000 residents projected to grow to 243,000 by 2016.

It also said residents "must drive over 20 miles to access services with commute
times often exceeding 40 minutes."

Two smaller hospitals are within 10 to 11 miles of Lakeway Regional: Seton
Southwest Hospital and the Hospital at Westlake Medical Center. The full-service
St. David's South Austin Medical Center is 15½ miles away, according to Yahoo
maps.

DeOme said he sees Lakeway Regional competing with Austin facilities and expects
it to expand quickly. He said he isn't sure how the Lake Travis hospital will
fit in, unless it decides to offer different services.

"You're going to have to have a doggone good business plan to make this thing
work," he said.

'Father of this hospital'

Lakeway Regional will have eight floors servicing all major specialities. It
will have 22 emergency room beds, six operating rooms, an 18-bed intensive-care
unit, and 19 rooms for new moms.

Initially, the hospital was to be mostly owned by doctors, but federal health
care law does not permit physician-owned hospitals. Now, Tennessee-based
Surgical Development Partners and other investors own the facility, Kreye said.

At Tuesday's forum, a question was asked about an investor and former chairman
of the Lakeway Regional board, Dr. Samuel DeMaio, who was investigated by the
Texas Medical Board over allegations that he harmed patients.

DeMaio, who claimed the medical board's investigation was instigated by
competitors of Lakeway Regional to smear his name, is credited by many with
bringing the hospital to the city. He was called "the father of this hospital"
by the mayor. DeOme said people in the community have mixed opinions about
DeMaio, but DeOme doesn't see his involvement as an issue.

The medical board resolved the case against DeMaio, 54, on Friday when it
determined he placed multiple heart stents in certain patients having
"insignificant or only moderate disease." DeMaio, who has relocated to El Paso,
did not receive any serious penalties from the state, such as suspension of his
license.

Kreye said DeMaio would be back soon but "doesn't have a seat on this board."

DeMaio "is a visionary and he's remarkable," Kreye said. "He's the reason this
hospital is here."

maroser@statesman.com; 445-3619

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              233 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                      Arizona Range News (Wilcox, Arizona)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 2, 2013

AEPCO receives funding for improvements

BYLINE: Arizona Range News staff

LENGTH: 510  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced funding to modernize and improve the
efficiency of rural electric generation and transmission systems. Several of the
loans contain support for smart grid projects.

"USDA and the Obama Administration continue to fund electric projects to improve
system reliability and efficiency for rural businesses and residential
consumers," Vilsack said. "A strong American economy is contingent upon a strong
rural economy. Infrastructure investments like these will promote job growth."

Secretary Vilsack announced in August that USDA had met its goal to finance $250
million in smart grid technologies in fiscal year 2012. Today's $107.5 million
in loan guarantees includes nearly $3 million in smart grid technologies. The
loan guarantees are provided by USDA Rural Development's Rural Utilities
Service. USDA also funds energy conservation and renewable energy projects.

Several rural utilities will receive USDA funding, which is contingent upon the
recipient meeting the terms of the loan agreement.

In Arizona, Arizona Electric Power Cooperative, Inc. will receive $34,028,000.
Funds will be used to finance generation system improvements for the Apache
Station. The loan includes $2,052,000 in environmental improvements.

The Arizona Electric Power Cooperative, Inc. is located in Benson, and serves
Cochise, Coconino, Yavapai, Graham, Greenlee, Mohave, Pima Santa Cruz, and Pinal
Counties in Arizona as well as Riverside County in California and Grant and
Hidalgo Counties in New Mexico.

Other rural utilities receiving funding are located in Georgia, Iowa, Kansas,
North Dakota and Wisconsin.

For information on Rural Development projects throughout the country, please
visit the agency's new interactive web map at: http://www.rurdev.usda.g
ov/RDSiiccessStories.htm 1. The map features program funding and success stories
for fiscal years 2009-2011.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values

Obama and Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of Federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, administers and manages
housing, business and community infrastructure programs through a national
network of state and local offices. Rural Development has an active portfolio of
more than $174 billion in loans and loan guarantees. These programs are designed
to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses, residents,
farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural America.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AZR

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2013 Arizona Range News


                              234 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                            December 9, 2011 Friday

The price of Solyndra, Open Range

LENGTH: 1053 words


Big-picture basic research spending boasts a strong federal government
tradition, but the investigations in Washington of two bankrupt companies --
Solyndra LLC and Open Range Communications Inc. -- suggest that the American
people are suddenly demanding something new: an investment return on their tax
dollars.  Government spending on a massive scale to win World War II (the
Manhattan Project), to beat a Cold War rival to the moon (the National
Aeronautics and Space Administration) or even to fight a biological foe (the
National Cancer Act in 1971) never stirred public demands that such spending
generate a tangible return on investment.

And why should it? The tacit understanding has long been that the federal
government should invest in fundamental research that no one in the private
sector could or would.   That thinking may have crashed with the Troubled Asset
Relief Program, which clearly galvanized protests from the Tea Party to Occupy
Wall Street over the appearance that the government was bailing out people and
companies that caused the financial crisis.  What's too bad about that
perception is how it has tarred other economic development initiatives. Not
unlike the Tennessee Valley Authority, which the New Deal built to bring power
and economic development to a swath of the impoverished South, the feds are
currently trying to spur broadband installations in rural communities. Open
Range Communications received a $267 million loan from the Rural Utilities
Services division of the U.S. Department of Agriculture in January 2009 to build
just such a broadband network in 546 communities in 17 states over five years.
Open Range, the largest recipient of funds under the program, never completed
the project because it couldn't get the spectrum licenses. In fact, when it
filed for Chapter 11 on Oct. 6, it had drawn only $73.5 million of the loan.
The USDA defends the Open Range loan, asserting that the default rate on its
loans is just 4% of the loans provided. But the House Energy and Commerce
Committee has questioned whether the USDA conducted the correct due diligence
before granting the loans under the program and whether there was any accounting
fraud or unfair contributions from company insiders to the loan providers.
Solar panel maker Solyndra is also being investigated by the committee. It was
awarded a $535 million loan guarantee under the U.S. Department of Energy's
Section 1705 program -- established by the Obama administration's stimulus
package, the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 -- to construct a
second facility for its photovoltaic solar power systems.  Solyndra was the
first to receive funding from this program in September 2009. (Wind energy
company Kahuku Wind Power LLCwas awarded a $117 million loan guarantee 10 months
later.) Solyndra completed construction of the facility in Fremont, Calif., for
which it had gotten the loan, and began production in January.  Solyndra's
technology differed from other solar panel makers that used silicon in their
products. (Solyndra's panels are made of cylindrical modules rather than flat
panels. The panels are lighter and easier to install but are more costly.) High
silicon prices made Solyndra's panels cost-competitive, but when those prices
sank, so did Solyndra, and it filed for Chapter 11 on Sept. 6 with $329 million
in losses.  The situation parallels a similar one during the Carter
administration. Gas prices were high in the late '70s, and the U.S. was in the
midst of its second energy crisis. In 1980, President Carter signed the Energy
Security Act, which created the Synthetic Fuels Corp. to provide loans and loan
guarantees to companies developing synthetic fuels. The act designated $88
billion for fuel companies with a goal of producing 2 million barrels of oil
equivalents by 1990. The structure resembled the DOE 1705 program that provided
funds to Solyndra.  The program was killed in 1985 after synthetic fuels proved
"uneconomical" and their producers remained reliant on government subsidies,
according to Energy Frontiers International, a nonadvocacy energy research
association. Ronald Bailey, a science correspondent for the libertarian think
tank Reason Foundation, recalls the Great Plains Synfuels Plant in Beulah, N.D.,
which was built with a $1.5 billion loan guarantee from Synthetic Fuels. The
plant cost $2 billion to complete and began operations in 1984. But when the
price of gas nosedived, the plant defaulted on its loan, forcing the DOE to pay
up.  Bailey, who has written books about energy and environmental topics and has
testified before the House Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, notes
that the Solyndra fallout resembles the bitter aftermath of the synthetic-fuels
debacle."The government is terrible at identifying innovative technology," he
says. "Solyndra is just the latest example of that."  Does that mean that the
federal government should get out of the business of funding basic research?
Not necessarily. It may just mean a new reality has dawned. Carter-era
synthetic-fuel companies withered and died, often quietly. Bankruptcy today is
more prevalent and public, giving more transparency to government loan programs,
embryonic industries and the companies that sometimes are ruined by the
immaturity of both.  For example, under the 1705 program, which expired Sept.
30, the DOE has provided about $16 billion in loan guarantees to 28 companies.
Only two -- Solyndra and Beacon Power Corp. -- filed for bankruptcy. One other
recipient,AES Corp., has a subsidiary proceeding through bankruptcy. (The unit,
AES Thames LLC, itself received no government funding.) Yet there's a feeling
the entire program, the entire idea of helping to finance renewable-energy
enterprises, has been indicted as flawed.  Gordon Johnson, an alternative-energy
research analyst for Axiom Capital Management Inc., isn't wrong when he says,
"The government really does not understand technology."  But what he doesn't say
is that without the government being the lender of last resort for what may be
critical technologies, now-booming industries, from digital electronics to
biotechnology, may not have emerged. If the price for that is a handful of
bankrupt companies and no return on investment, then it may be a small price to
pay.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Blog

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2011 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              235 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                          February 18, 2009 Wednesday

SBA Rules May Hamper Loan Efforts

BYLINE: Emily Flitter

SECTION: WASHINGTON; Pg. 1 Vol. 176 No. 32

LENGTH: 1089  words


WASHINGTON - Provisions in the stimulus package President Obama signed Tuesday
are designed to spur Small Business Administration lending, but recent guidance
from the agency may undercut those efforts.

The stimulus package tries to make SBA lending more attractive for banks by
providing relief from guarantee fees, more protection against losses on the
loans, and a new facility to improve the secondary market for the loans. But
bankers argue that the SBA is jeopardizing those gains with new standard
operating procedure guidelines that, for the first time, will cap the amount of
financing lenders may offer on certain loans.

Though the agency has pledged to revisit the guidelines in light of complaints,
it has an extensive to-do list, including making changes required by the
stimulus package, and many lenders are worried.

"This cap will eliminate a lot of opportunities to buy businesses, and it will
reduce jobs," said Scott Harvey, the executive vice president and SBA manager of
the $69.4 million-asset Fortune Bank in Seattle.

Under the guidelines, released Feb. 12 and scheduled to take effect March 1, the
SBA set a $250,000 cap on the goodwill value for loans to purchase an existing
business.

Goodwill - the portion of a business with intangible value - makes up a large
part of the value of certain types of businesses, such as medical and veterinary
practices, and other types of businesses that do not have expensive equipment
but generate significant cash flow.

Bankers argue that the cap was too low and instituted without any basis.

"The anger comes from the out-of-right-field, seemingly arbitrary cap," said
Lynn Ozer, an executive vice president at Susquehanna Bank, a unit of the $7.48
billion-asset Susquehanna Bancshares Inc. in Lititz, Pa. "It just came out of
the blue, and there are many lenders who do business acquisitions exclusively,
and there are many industries where the financing of goodwill is what people
sell."

The goodwill cap could discourage lenders from making SBA loans, according to
Ms. Ozer, a former SBA loan officer. Susquehanna will not give up the line
entirely, but "it's going to severely hamper the kinds of loans we do."

Jim Hammersley, the director of the SBA's loan division, said in an interview
that the agency was revisiting the cap in light of lenders' complaints and was
aiming to issue new guidance before March 1.

"The message on the goodwill issue is that we're taking a look at the comments
that we've received that our $250,000 ceiling is too low," Mr. Hammersley said.
"We are certainly sensitive to the times and that business acquisition is
growing - many folks that are being laid off ... may be looking to purchase a
business. We expect to come up with a plan that we think deals prudently with
this particular issue."

The SBA will have to solve that problem and complete the formidable task of
writing implementation guidelines for the stimulus provisions.

The stimulus package provides $69 million for the SBA to expand its staff and
marketing, including $20 million that must be spent on improving lender
oversight and streamlining lender processes.

Additional appropriations will help lenders reduce the fees the SBA charges for
each loan it guarantees. The SBA must first eliminate the fees for borrowers;
then it can begin to use leftover funds to subsidize the guarantee fees for
lenders with assets under $1 billion. Loans made by bigger lenders have their
guarantee fees waived last.

"This is probably the best we could have hoped for in this atmosphere," said
James Ballentine, the director of housing, community, and economic development
at the American Bankers Association. "Clearly, both the Congress and the
administration recognized that the SBA can play a vital role in this situation."

Still, some SBA lenders saw a problem with the structure of fee eliminations.

"They got it backwards," because fees for lenders should have been eliminated
first, Mr. Harvey said. "If there isn't any money to reduce the fees paid by the
lenders, then there isn't any incentive for the lenders to make these loans, and
if you have a borrower who doesn't have to pay a fee but can't get a loan, what
good is it?"

Tony Wilkinson, the president of the National Association of Government
Guaranteed Lenders, said the stimulus language is vague but encouraging - one
section seems to say the SBA should eliminate guarantee fees for all lenders and
borrowers until the money runs out.

Another provision increased the guarantee on SBA loans to 90%. (Loans of
different sizes currently have guarantees of 75% or 85%.) Many lenders are
pleased with the increase, but others say it could foster irresponsible lending.

"I was making SBA loans back in 1981, back when there used to be a 90% guarantee
, and there were lenders that pushed the envelope, and the SBA default rates
were much higher," Mr. Harvey said. "And to tell you the truth, there are people
out there who are greedier now than they were back in 1980."

Still, he said, the provisions will have a positive effect on SBA lending.
"These changes, I think, will help lenders either get into the program or expand
their programs."

One of the hardest parts of the stimulus language to address may be the various
new facilities the law describes.

Lenders making loans through the 504 program, which deals only with loans for
fixed assets such as land or machinery, will now be able to sell the
non-guaranteed portions of their loans through a secondary market facility to be
established by the SBA.

Another provision would allow lenders making the most common type of SBA loans,
7(a) loans, to offer deferred-payment loans to borrowers who are behind on
payments on other loans.

The mechanics of the programs have yet to be defined by the SBA.

Participants in the secondary market for SBA loans are set to get help, too.

The law calls for the establishment of a lending authority at the SBA that will
make loans to broker-dealers who buy the loans, pool them, and sell them to
investors. Broker-dealers have struggled recently to find buyers for their
loans, and observers said the program could help them get their inventories
moving again.

"I view it as a very good development," said Scott Taylor, a vice president in
Memphis for Shay Financial Services Inc.

But questions remain about how the SBA will implement its secondary market
lending facility and how it will obtain the funds to lend to broker-dealers. If
the agency cannot borrow cheaply enough, the prices of its loans to
broker-dealers may be too high to attract much interest.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com/

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AB


                        Copyright 2009 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              236 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                               February 18, 2009

SBA Rules May Hamper Loan Efforts.

BYLINE: Emily Flitter

SECTION: Pg. 1 Vol. 176 No. 32 ISSN: 0002-7561

LENGTH: 1089 words



HIGHLIGHT: Washington


WASHINGTON - Provisions in the stimulus package President Obama signed Tuesday
are designed to spur Small Business Administration lending, but recent guidance
from the agency may undercut those efforts.

The stimulus package tries to make SBA lending more attractive for banks by
providing relief from guarantee fees, more protection against losses on the
loans, and a new facility to improve the secondary market for the loans. But
bankers argue that the SBA is jeopardizing those gains with new standard
operating procedure guidelines that, for the first time, will cap the amount of
financing lenders may offer on certain loans.

Though the agency has pledged to revisit the guidelines in light of complaints,
it has an extensive to-do list, including making changes required by the
stimulus package, and many lenders are worried.

"This cap will eliminate a lot of opportunities to buy businesses, and it will
reduce jobs," said Scott Harvey, the executive vice president and SBA manager of
the $69.4 million-asset Fortune Bank in Seattle.

Under the guidelines, released Feb. 12 and scheduled to take effect March 1, the
SBA set a $250,000 cap on the goodwill value for loans to purchase an existing
business.

Goodwill - the portion of a business with intangible value - makes up a large
part of the value of certain types of businesses, such as medical and veterinary
practices, and other types of businesses that do not have expensive equipment
but generate significant cash flow.

Bankers argue that the cap was too low and instituted without any basis.

"The anger comes from the out-of-right-field, seemingly arbitrary cap," said
Lynn Ozer, an executive vice president at Susquehanna Bank, a unit of the $7.48
billion-asset Susquehanna Bancshares Inc. in Lititz, Pa. "It just came out of
the blue, and there are many lenders who do business acquisitions exclusively,
and there are many industries where the financing of goodwill is what people
sell."

The goodwill cap could discourage lenders from making SBA loans, according to
Ms. Ozer, a former SBA loan officer. Susquehanna will not give up the line
entirely, but "it's going to severely hamper the kinds of loans we do."

Jim Hammersley, the director of the SBA's loan division, said in an interview
that the agency was revisiting the cap in light of lenders' complaints and was
aiming to issue new guidance before March 1.

"The message on the goodwill issue is that we're taking a look at the comments
that we've received that our $250,000 ceiling is too low," Mr. Hammersley said.
"We are certainly sensitive to the times and that business acquisition is
growing - many folks that are being laid off ... may be looking to purchase a
business. We expect to come up with a plan that we think deals prudently with
this particular issue."

The SBA will have to solve that problem and complete the formidable task of
writing implementation guidelines for the stimulus provisions.

The stimulus package provides $69 million for the SBA to expand its staff and
marketing, including $20 million that must be spent on improving lender
oversight and streamlining lender processes.

Additional appropriations will help lenders reduce the fees the SBA charges for
each loan it guarantees. The SBA must first eliminate the fees for borrowers;
then it can begin to use leftover funds to subsidize the guarantee fees for
lenders with assets under $1 billion. Loans made by bigger lenders have their
guarantee fees waived last.

"This is probably the best we could have hoped for in this atmosphere," said
James Ballentine, the director of housing, community, and economic development
at the American Bankers Association. "Clearly, both the Congress and the
administration recognized that the SBA can play a vital role in this situation."

Still, some SBA lenders saw a problem with the structure of fee eliminations.

"They got it backwards," because fees for lenders should have been eliminated
first, Mr. Harvey said. "If there isn't any money to reduce the fees paid by the
lenders, then there isn't any incentive for the lenders to make these loans, and
if you have a borrower who doesn't have to pay a fee but can't get a loan, what
good is it?"

Tony Wilkinson, the president of the National Association of Government
Guaranteed Lenders, said the stimulus language is vague but encouraging - one
section seems to say the SBA should eliminate guarantee fees for all lenders and
borrowers until the money runs out.

Another provision increased the guarantee on SBA loans to 90%. (Loans of
different sizes currently have guarantees of 75% or 85%.) Many lenders are
pleased with the increase, but others say it could foster irresponsible lending.

"I was making SBA loans back in 1981, back when there used to be a 90% guarantee
, and there were lenders that pushed the envelope, and the SBA default rates
were much higher," Mr. Harvey said. "And to tell you the truth, there are people
out there who are greedier now than they were back in 1980."

Still, he said, the provisions will have a positive effect on SBA lending.
"These changes, I think, will help lenders either get into the program or expand
their programs."

One of the hardest parts of the stimulus language to address may be the various
new facilities the law describes.

Lenders making loans through the 504 program, which deals only with loans for
fixed assets such as land or machinery, will now be able to sell the
non-guaranteed portions of their loans through a secondary market facility to be
established by the SBA.

Another provision would allow lenders making the most common type of SBA loans,
7(a) loans, to offer deferred-payment loans to borrowers who are behind on
payments on other loans.

The mechanics of the programs have yet to be defined by the SBA.

Participants in the secondary market for SBA loans are set to get help, too.

The law calls for the establishment of a lending authority at the SBA that will
make loans to broker-dealers who buy the loans, pool them, and sell them to
investors. Broker-dealers have struggled recently to find buyers for their
loans, and observers said the program could help them get their inventories
moving again.

"I view it as a very good development," said Scott Taylor, a vice president in
Memphis for Shay Financial Services Inc.

But questions remain about how the SBA will implement its secondary market
lending facility and how it will obtain the funds to lend to broker-dealers. If
the agency cannot borrow cheaply enough, the prices of its loans to
broker-dealers may be too high to attract much interest.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 6150393

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Fulltext

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AMERBAFT

                        Copyright 2009 Gale Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
                             Business and Industry
                          Copyright 2009 Thomson Media


                              237 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 14, 2013 Wednesday

Schumer, Gillibrand Announce the Village of Attica to Receive $160,000 in
Federal Funding - Investment for New Ambulance

LENGTH: 308  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Gillibrand, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

United States Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten E. Gillibrand announced
that the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development Program will award
the Village of Attica a $160,000 Community Facility Loan and Grant.
Specifically, this $136,000 loan and $24,000 grant will go towards the purchase
of a new ambulance to serve the local rural area and improve emergency response
and safety.

"With this investment, Attica first responders can focus on their important work
knowing that they have a new ambulance and reliable tools at their disposal in
case of emergencies, "said Senator Schumer. "I applaud the USDA for investing in
rural communities through the Community Facility Program. This loan and grant
will preserve quality of life for Wyoming county residents and businesses,
improve safety and encourage further investment in the region."

"This is an important investment for the Village of Attica," said Senator
Gillibrand. "It's our responsibility to ensure our first responders have the
most up-to-date equipment and vehicles to serve our communities.  The new
ambulance will help the Village of Attica upgrade their emergency response
vehicles so that their first responders can respond to emergencies in the
community more efficiently and effectively, and help save more lives."

USDA Community Facilities Programs provide loans, grant and loan guarantees for
essential community facilities in rural areas. Priority is given to health care,
education and public safety projects. Typical projects are hospitals, health
clinics, schools, fire houses, community centers and many other community based
initiatives. The funding is part of the USDA Rural Development annual budget.

For further information please visit: http://www.gillibrand.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              238 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                            August 3, 2016 Wednesday

States Face Deadline in $4.5B Program for Electric Vehicle Stations

BYLINE: Jim Watts

SECTION: INFRASTRUCTURE Vol. 1 No. 34555

LENGTH: 838  words


DALLAS - States only have until Aug. 20 to designate highway corridors where
electric vehicle charging stations can be built under a new administration
program that will provide $4.5 billion of loan guarantees to public-private
partnerships and other collaborative efforts to develop and deploy a network of
such stations.

The loan guarantees are part of an ambitious multi-faceted approach to getting
more electric vehicles on U.S. highways. The efforts include a coalition of
state and local governments that will partner with the federal government to
purchase electric vehicles at discounted rates as well as the deployment of fast
charging stations along major highway corridors.

The Energy Department opened an existing loan guarantee program for renewable
energy projects to include $4.5 billion for electric vehicle charging
facilities, including hardware and software.

"Loan guarantees can be an important tool to commercialize innovative
technologies because these projects may be unable to obtain full commercial
financing due to the perceived risks associated with technology that has never
been deployed at commercial scale in the United States," the White House said in
a statement announcing the new program.

Tesla, General Motors, Ford, Nissan, BMW, Daimler, Duke Energy, and Consolidated
Edison are part of the effort to encourage development of rapid charging
stations.

The Transportation Department has asked state and local officials to determine
where the charging stations should be built by designating routes where drivers
would be able to find electric vehicle charging stations as well as facilities
dispensing hydrogen, propane, and natural gas.

Determining the placement of recharging facilities will help determine the type
of P3s that could be needed to implement the network by 2020, the White House
said.

States must submit their initial applications for corridor status to the Federal
Highway Administration by Aug. 20. Establishment of the corridors is required by
the five-year Fixing America's Surface Transportation (FAST) Act.

The growth in electric vehicle charging stations is a looming opportunity for
public-private partnerships, said Albert E. Dotson, Jr. and Eric Singer of the
Bilzin Sumberg law firm in Miami.

"State and local governments will no doubt be procuring fleets of electric
vehicles in the near future, and concessions for rapid charging stations, along
with restaurants and other services to keep drivers occupied while their
vehicles charge, will be needed along highways throughout the country," they
said.

Although governments are just beginning to plan for these procurements and
facilities, Florida's P3 law lets interested private sector partners get ahead
of the process by submitting unsolicited proposals, Dotson and Singer said.

"In many cases, the right P3 structure and procurement approach, along with the
right private partner, will permit state and local governments to move forward
with electric vehicle adoption and infrastructure right now," they said.

ChargePoint, a California-based maker of electric vehicle charging stations,
said it would commit up to $20 million per year toward deployment of a national
P3 network of charging stations as part of the White House initiatives.

"ChargePoint will work with the Department of Transportation, other federal,
state and local government agencies, and private entities to determine the
optimal location for such high-speed charging stations and to secure financing
from private entities and through public-private partnerships," said company
president Pasquale Romano. "We need a network of charging stations in our
communities and along our nation's interstate highways."

The loan guarantees and the other initiatives will prompt the construction of
more charging stations, which will encourage Americans to buy more electric
vehicles and reduce the national dependency on fossil fuels, said White House
senior advisor Brian Deese.

"There's a lot more to do in this space," Deese said. "The initiatives serve the
goal of providing consumers with more comfort that they will be able to move
across regions and across the country in their electric vehicles."

There were only 500 fueling stations for electric vehicles in 2008 but more than
16,000 now while battery costs have fallen by more than 70%, he said.

There are currently almost 500,000 electric vehicles in the U.S., with
California having the most, compared to more than 250 million gasoline and
diesel cars and trucks, said Lynn Orr, undersecretary for science and energy at
the Energy Department.

One goal of the new initiatives is to find out how to build charging stations
that can fill up an electric vehicle with enough juice in 10 minutes to go 200
miles, Orr said.

President Obama set a goal during his 2008 campaign of 1 million plug-in
vehicles on the road by 2015.

More than 66,000 electric cars have been sold in the first seven months of 2016,
according to the Electric Drive Transportation Association, along with 161,000
hybrid gasoline-electric cars.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BONDBUYER_NEWS


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              239 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Herald (Harare)

                           January 12, 2012 Thursday

Empowerment Graduates Urged to Mobilise Own Funds

LENGTH: 366 words


THE empowerment training programmes being run by Zanu-PF for its youths do not
necessarily automatically guarantee the graduates funds, the director for
indigenisation and economic empowerment in the party has said.

The party has traditionally carried out empowerment training programmes for
youth and community development. However, with the concurrent implementation of
the indigenisation programme, the two are being viewed as combined.

In an interview with the Herald Business, the director of indigenisation and
economic empowerment in the party, Mr Kurai Masenyama, said the misconception
was causing problems because the trainees were expecting funding as soon as they
graduated.

"Zimbabwe has a high literacy rate, but is rather limited in terms of the
requisite economic/business skills, hence we carry out skills training in this
respect for our youth members.

"In our view, empowerment comes in two forms, training and finance. It is
unfortunate, however, that people have begun to assume that as soon as they
receive the training they automatically get access to funding, which is not the
case.

"Training itself is a form of empowerment," he said.

Mr Masenyama added that companies in compliance with the indigenisation
programme also hoped the training would capacitate the youth with know-how on
how to benefit from some outcomes of the indigenisation programme such as
community share ownership schemes that are being set-up.

Youths, however, can individually apply for funding under the Youth Development
Fund, which as at the close of last year had benefited over 650 youths and youth
organisations/companies from across the country.

The fund, which was set up by the Government through the Ministry of Youth
Development, Indigenisation and Empowerment, is administered through youth
empowerment facilities managed by a number of local banks.

The youth empowerment facility provides funds for capital expenditure loans and
project finance, and working capital finance including short-term loans, debt
factoring, order finance, invoice discounting and guarantees.

The funds are essentially bank loans at an interest rate of 10 percent per annum
and are repaid as per loan disbursement agreement.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              240 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 bondbuyer.com

                              July 18, 2014 Friday

MassDevelopment Gets $4M Federal Grant for Charter Schools

BYLINE: Paul Burton

SECTION: REGIONAL NEWS Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 209  words


The Massachusetts Development Finance Agency has received a $3.9 million U.S.
Department of Education grant to help charter schools obtain facilities under
the credit enhancement for charter schools facilities program.

MassDevelopment, the state's finance and development agency, has received $19
million through three grant rounds of this program, and will help charter
schools by issuing guarantees on a portion of a loan or bond made to a school to
improve its facility.

With its own resources, these grants, and private sources to provide loan
guarantees for Massachusetts charter schools, MassDevelopment has a fund of more
than $25 million for this guarantee program.

The credit enhancement program awards grants based on a competitive preference
priority that rewards applicants for targeting funds to areas with the greatest
need for public school choice.

MassDevelopment has used its guarantee program for Massachusetts schools that
include Abby Kelley Foster Charter Public School in Worcester, Cape Cod
Lighthouse Charter School in East Harwich, Christa McAuliffe Regional Charter
Public School in Framingham, and Rising Tide Charter Public School in Plymouth.

The agency spent $2.3 billion for businesses, nonprofits, and communities in
fiscal 2013.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BONDBUYER_NEWS


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              241 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                     The News-Democrat (Waverly, Tennessee)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 9, 2014

USDA announces effort to cut energy costs for farmers, ranchers, rural small
businesses;
Up to $12.3 Million in Grants and $57.8 Million in Loan Guarantees Available In
Rural Energy for America Program

BYLINE: The News-Democrat staff

LENGTH: 803  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is seeking
applications from rural small businesses and agricultural producers for funding
to make energy efficiency improvements or to install renewable energy systems.

"Developing renewable energy presents an enormous economic opportunity for rural
America," Vilsack said. "This funding will help farmers, ranchers and rural
small business owners incorporate renewable energy and energy efficiency
technology into their operations, create jobs and help America become more
energy independent. When small rural businesses and farmers cut their energy
costs with cleaner and more efficient energy, we are both helping their bottom
lines and reducing the amount of greenhouse gas pollution that affects our
climate.".

The funding announced today is being provided through USDA's Rural Energy for
America Program (REAP). Investments from programs like REAP help support the
true engine of America's economic growth - a thriving middle class. REAP is one
of many USDA programs and initiatives to support an expanded domestic energy
economy. In addition to helping to increase renewable energy production, USDA
makes investments in the bioeconomy, provides support for the emerging biobased
products industry, supports new technologies, and supports energy efficiency
improvements.

REAP funding has helped farmers expand renewable energy use in recent years. The
new Census of Agriculture shows the number of farms utilizing renewable energy
production has doubled in the last five years. More than 57,000 farms reported
using a renewable energy system in 2012, while 23,451 operations reported doing
so in 2007. Solar panels accounted for 63% of renewable energy systems on farms,
with 36,331 farms reporting their use.

REAP funding is an example of the many ways that USDA is helping revitalize
rural economies to create opportunities for growth and prosperity, support
innovative technologies, identify new markets for agricultural producers and
better utilize our nation's natural resources.

Created by the 2008 Farm Bill, REAP was reauthorized by the recently passed 2014
Farm Bill. For fiscal year (FY) 2014, USDA plans to award up to $12.3 million in
grants and $57.8 million in loan guarantees. Additional REAP funds provided by
the Farm Bill will be made available with a subsequent notice. USDA is accepting
applications for: Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement loan
guarantee and grant combinations Renewable energy system and energy efficiency
improvement loan guarantees; and Renewable energy system and energy efficiency
improvement grants.

Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants.

Requests for grants may not exceed 25 percent of a project's cost - either for
stand-alone grant requests or for grants combined with loan guarantees.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, REAP has supported more than 8,200
renewable energy and energy efficiency projects nationwide. During this period,
USDA has provided more than $264 million in grants and $212 million in loan
guarantees to agricultural producers and rural small business owners.

Cozy Acres Greenhouse in North Yarmouth, Maine, used a $48,750 REAP grant to
help offset the cost of installing a solar and geothermal system in new
greenhouses. Owners Jeff and Marianne Marstaller needed to expand
their'greenhouse operations and were determined to do so in a cost-effective
'arid energy-efficient way. They teamed up with USDA Rural Development to fund a
geothermal system to provide heat for the greenhouses and solar photovoltaic
panels that help offset their electricity needs. The greenhouses were completed
in fall 2013. The Marstallers plan to market their locally grown herbs and
vegetables to area restaurants and farmers markets.

Information on how to apply for REAP funding and on the application deadlines
(which vary by project type) is available on page 25564 of the May 5, 2014
Federal Register.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer. To file a complaint of
discrimination, write: USDA, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights,
Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Ave., SW, Washington, DC 20250-9410 or
call (866) 632-9992 (Toll-free Customer Service), (800) 877-8339 (Local or
Federal relay), (866) 377-8642 (Relay voice users).

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NDW

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2014 The News-Democrat


                              242 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               SUNDAY MAIL (QLD)

                             August 13, 1989 Sunday

MONEY DRY-UP PUTS SUNS' RISE IN DOUBT

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: BUTTS T

LENGTH: 419 words


Money dry-up puts Suns' rise in doubt By TERRY BUTTS THE Townsville Suns' bid to
join the National Basketball League next year is in doubt after contractors
walked off the job at the $7 million Sundome stadium project last week.

Backers have now appealed to the State Government to guarantee a loan for the $3
million needed to complete construction.

The 6000-seat Sundome is one of the requirements for Townsville to gain entry to
the NBL.

Foundations had just been completed when workers were moved off the site on
Friday.

The managing director of Miller and Baldwin Construction, Mr Arthur Baldwin,
said money had ""dried up".

The Sundome is owned by the Townsville basketball community, but its
construction is underwritten by the Townsville Suns' franchise holder Shine On.

Shine On chairman Mr John Lyons called an emergency meeting on Friday afternoon
and called on the State Government to guarantee a loan to finance construction.

""I telephoned Mr Ahern and he promised he would put the issue to Cabinet on
Monday," Mr Lyons said. ""We hope to have an answer by the end of the week."

Mr Lyons told Mr Ahern that, while the Suns would be the stadium's anchor
tenant, it was a venue for the whole community.

Mr Lyons said Shine On was considering three options to raise the $3 million
needed.

They were: to obtain a loan with a State Government guarantee; to sign a loan
and marketing deal with Metway Bank; to borrow the money on the commercial
market.

He said the most attractive proposal was a Metway Bank deal backed by the State
Government.

The Metway Bank package deals with marketing and sponsorship benefits as well as
the loan.

""We're embarrassed about the delay, but we're trying to do the best deal for
Townsville Basketball Incorporated, which will eventually control the stadium,
and the community," he said.

""The Sundome is not just for basketball; it's for the community.

It can be used for anything from theatre to indoor rodeos, trade shows, seminars
and educational purposes.

""It will be a facility no less important in Townsville than the Gabba and Lang
Park are to Brisbane and that is why we have approached the Government to
provide a guarantee similar to the support they were given.

""The Sundome is no less deserving."

Mr Lyons said Shine On and its shareholders had ploughed $400,000 into the
construction of the Sundome.

The Townsville City Council had waived costs of almost $200,000 in work carried
out on the complex, he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: SML

                   Copyright 1989 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              243 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Indianapolis Business Journal

                                 April 18, 2005

City ups charter aid;
Loan program to help schools land financing for facilities

BYLINE: ANDREA MUIRRAGUI DAVIS ADAVIS@IBJ.COM

SECTION: Vol. 26; No. 6; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 913 words


Indianapolis leaders are lending a helping hand and the city's strong credit
rating to charter school operators intent on building a different kind of
educational environment, often from scratch.

Charters receive tuition support payments from the state, but unlike other
public schools, they do not get any tax revenue for their buildings.

The facility issue is a big issue, said Mayor Bart Peterson, the only municipal
leader in the country with the power to grant charters. If we are committed to
seeing growth in charter schools, it is important to find a way to get past
that.

Enter the Indianapolis Bond Bank, which will administer the loan program. Backed
by $ 2 million in private guarantees and the heft of the city's pledge, it will
set up a $ 20 million line of credit with Bank One and make loans to individual
charter schools.

This is a godsend, said Reid Litwack, board president at KIPP Indianapolis, a
charter school that will apply for a loan to add onto its rented space in an
Indianapolis Housing Agency community center. If we didn't have this program, I
honestly don't know what we'd do.

Schools can borrow up to $ 750,000, and repay the loans with interest over five
to seven years. They also will contribute to two reserve funds, creating a
self-perpetuating safeguard against default.

Baltimore-based Annie E. Casey Foundation and New York-based Local Initiatives
Support Corp. are starting the first reserve with a pair of 10-year, $ 1 million
guarantees. Money will change hands only if a loan is not repaid.

We hope we don't ever have to draw on that, said city charter schools Director
David Harris. We want to be conservative so there won't be defaults.

Schools will be required to deposit one year's worth of payments into the first
reserve over a period of years. They will contribute the same amount to the
second reserve when the loan is closed.

Indianapolis' loan guarantee is essentially the back-up plan to the back-up
plan's back-up plan. The City-County Council would be asked for an appropriation
to repay the debt only if the two reserves are depleted.

Still, that pledge was key to getting the program off the ground, Harris said,
because it lowered interest rates and made the program more affordable.

Facility financing is a challenge for charter schools nationwide, as new often
grass-roots organizations mobilize to find new ways to deliver education. Their
startup status poses a problem for many schools, and the fact that state funding
doesn't start flowing right away complicates matters.

Facilities are the most significant problem facing charter schools around the
country, said Greg Richmond, president of the Virginia-based National
Association of Charter School Authorizers. And it is the one most outside the
control of the folks trying to start the school.  If you have to use everything
you have just to stay afloat, you're probably not going to be able to get money
for a building.

Time solved the problem for Irvington Community School, a Ball State
University-sponsored school that welcomed its first students in 2002 in space
borrowed from a neighborhood church.

In January, it moved into a $ 4.2 million facility on almost four acres thanks
to a loan from Old National Bank backed by LISC and a Massachusetts-based
charter support organization.

Two years ago, we would have been laughed out of the [bank], said school
President Tim Ehrgott. We had no history, no credit. But we've been able to get
to the point where people took us seriously.

Others have had more difficulty.

Mayor-sponsored Charles A. Tindley Accelerated School delayed opening for a year
after its plans to lease a former Cub Foods store in the Meadows fell through.

When you're starting a new school you're a new entity with zero credit, said
Marcus Robinson, Tindley's principal and CEO. People are hesitant to even lease
you space without collateral.

Tindley found a savior in Health & Hospital Corporation of Marion County, which
floated a $ 4 million municipal bond to help the school acquire and renovate the
one-time grocery store. It opened last year.

The city's loan program will provide a similar lifeline for those who aren't as
lucky, Robinson said.

Indiana charters can borrow money from the state's Common School Fund to cover
initial operating expenses, but not capital costs. Lawmakers considered a
measure this year that would have allowed the state to use the fund's interest
balance to match federal facility grants, but the bill didn't get far.

NACSA's Richmond called Indianapolis' solution very creative.

Authorizers usually have not played significant roles in solving the facility
financing issue, he said. But it looks like the attitude toward that is starting
to change.

Indeed, Harris hopes the loan program is imitated elsewhere as the charter
movement continues to pick up steam.

This is a way to break down barriers and get more schools open, the city charter
director said. We'd like to create a climate that is more hospitable for
charters.

Harris and others have been working with the help of a $ 1.6 million grant from
the Richard M. Fairbanks Foundation to encourage successful charters to
replicate their programs in Indianapolis. Finding an answer to the facility
question helps, he said.

The growth of charters has been on a good pace, concurred Peterson, who has
authorized a dozen schools since 2001. It's likely to drop off if the facility
issue isn't addressed.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2005 IBJ Corporation


                              244 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          The Tuskegee News (Alabama)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 23, 2015

Tuskegee Council still discussing urgent care commitment

BYLINE: The Tuskegee News staff

LENGTH: 443  words


A second public hearing will be conducted by the Tuskegee City Council to
discuss a request for the City to guarantee a $75,000 portion of a loan to
support an urgent care facility for the community.

That hearing will be held at 6:30 p.m. during the Tuesday, April 28 regular
meeting of the City Council. A initial hearing on the issue that lasted 90
minutes was held at the April 14 Council meeting.

The Utilities of Board of Tuskegee has already agreed to guarantee $75,000 of an
overall loan that would be obtained from PNC Bank in Tuskegee by the Medical
Clinic Board of Tuskegee.

The overall loan needed for the start-up costs for the urgent care center
located in the old Comprehensive Health building in Tuskegee would be for
$250,000.

Dr. Karl Sterlin, who would operate the urgent care business in the building
owned by Dr. Fazle Matin, is expected to pledge $50,000 of his own money to
secure the loan with the $150,000 guaranteed by the UBT and Council at $75,000
each.

A financial plan for the urgent care facility projects that after several months
operation fueled by the startup loan, the business should begin making a profit
and be self-sustaining.

Council member At-Large Tony Haygood expressed several concerns about the
economic projections. Also a member of the UBT, Haygood was the only member of
that board voting against guaranteeing the $75,000.

In other business at the April 14 meeting:

The council received information that the old Salem Nursing Home that was closed
because of financial issues and purchased by Clarence Ball will be given to the
City. Ball also owns Magnolia Nursing Home in Tuskegee and several other homes
in the state. His corporation will retain the 122 beds that went with Salem
Nursing Home.

Ball has plans to expand Magnolia Haven and build a new facility near the
eastern portion of Macon County to utilize those beds.

An organization called the House of Moses has requested that the City allow the
property to be used by the group to provide housing for homeless veterans.
Consideration of that request is in the early stages.

Council approved a letter of intent from Pleasant Paper Company to locate in the
Tuskegee Commerce Park. The letter assures that the company would have a
location once it moves forward with financing for a business that would take raw
material and make paper products such as toilet paper and paper towels. No
details were provided about the number of employees or start-up date for the
company.

City Manager Harvey Smith said night clubs in the City were in compliance with
the ordinance governing them with the possible exception of getting all security
personnel certified by the State.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TKG

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2015 The Tuskegee News


                              245 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                           January 14, 2015 Wednesday
                              Correction Appended
                                 Final Edition

Lakeway hospital loan sold for $50 million

BYLINE: Mary Ann Roser American-Statesman Staff

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1130 words


Housing officials in Washington, seeking to unload a defaulted hospital mortgage
of $164 million, accepted a $50 million bid from a Nashville, Tenn., company to
buy the government-backed loan.

The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development auctioned off the note for
Lakeway Regional Medical Center in mid-December and recently closed on the deal
with MedEquities Realty Trust Inc., a relatively new health care investment
company. MedEquities will own the land, building and equipment and lease it to
the investors, said Frank Sossi, interim acting chairman of the Lakeway Regional
hospital board.

"It's a way for us to continue to operate," he said, adding that the news is
good for the hospital and the community.

The founders of Lakeway Regional asked HUD for the guarantee because the
community didn't have a hospital and needed one. They called the community
medically "underserved" and described ambitious plans to provide access to
residents of Lakeway and surrounding areas, an estimated 243,000 residents by
2016.

But not long after opening in April 2012, Lakeway Regional experienced a cash
crunch. It was attracting too few

patients for its size, 106 licensed beds. The hospital normally staffs 40 to 50
beds, CEO Susan

MacLeod said.

The cash problems led to a default on the loan in August 2013 as the hospital
bled money to cover expenses.

The sale is unusual in the history of HUD's hospital mortgage program. It means
that HUD is no longer involved with the hospital but will cover the remaining
$114 million on the note from an insurance fund that hospitals finance, HUD
spokesman Brian Sullivan said.

The fund has sufficient money to cover the guarantee, and there is "no impact to
the taxpayer," Sullivan wrote in an email. Asked how much money is in the fund,
Sullivan said that the fund does not have a balance, per se, and that he
couldn't provide a number.

MedEquities did not return calls Friday or Monday about the sale but put out a
news release Tuesday saying that it expects to complete paperwork to own and
lease the hospital in early February. The release said the company is excited
about the prospect of increasing the number of specialty physicians at the
hospital and "improving the experience and outcomes" of patients.

The lease will be for 25 years.

"Our objective in our new strategic plan will be to grow the Hospital service
lines and attract additional physician users and patients based on the quality
of care and patient attention that we have achieved to date," Sossi wrote in an
email to the hospital board, note holders, investors and employees. "We will
have additional information for you as we finish the documentation for the new
arrangements."

HUD declined to offer a reaction to the sale or respond to a question about
whether it erred in giving Lakeway Regional its largest loan guarantee ever to a
for-profit hospital, $167 million, in 2010. The guarantee was expected to save
the hospital $91.2 million in interest and prompted a lawsuit from a smaller
hospital vying to be the first to open in Lakeway.

A report on hospital performance that came out this month, Texas Health Market
Review, shows that Lakeway Regional had losses of $43.7 million, or 111 percent,
in 2013. Those losses were based on total revenue of $39.4 million and $83
million in expenses.

Losses in 2012 were 78 percent of revenue, a previous market report says.

The second-highest income loser in the Austin market was the public-owned,
safety-net hospital, University Medical Center Brackenridge, operated by the
Seton Healthcare Family. It had losses of 26.4 percent in 2013. Most other Seton
facilities were profitable, especially Dell Children's Medical Center, which
earned more than any St. David's HealthCare facility.

As a group, however, St. David's hospitals were more profitable than Seton's.

"We're really proud of our strong financial position, primarily because it
allows us to continue in our mission as the primary safety-net provider," Seton
executive Greg Hartman said.

Lakeway Regional is being run by a management company, QHR Intensive Resources,
and MacLeod became CEO in August.

"I certainly think it is progress," she said of the note sale. "There are a lot
of unknowns about what will happen with Med­Equities and what we do
differently."

She does anticipate staff cuts, she said.

Contact Mary Ann Roser

at 512-445-3619.

Twitter: @maroser

HOSPITAL PERFORMANCE
  A new report shows that Austin-area hospitals, as a group, were slightly more
 profitable in 2013 than other Texas hospitals. They were much more profitable
in 2012.
  Exceptions include Lakeway Regional Medical Center, according to the annual
Texas Health Market Review by Minneapolis consultant Allan Baumgarten. He uses
the Texas Department of State Health Services Annual Survey of Hospitals to
analyze hospital performance.
  Hospitals run by St. David's HealthCare and the Seton Healthcare Family
dominate the Austin market. As a group, St. David's hospitals were the most
profitable both years. The system is owned by the for-profit Hospital
Corporation of America and the nonprofit St. David's Foundation. Seton is a
nonprofit system owned by the Catholic Ascension Health.

                                         2013 Net Income   2013 profit margin
    2012 profit margin
  St. David's HealthCare
  St. David's North Austin Medical Center   $81,925,928   25.6%   22.7%
  St. David's Round Rock Medical Center   $30,148,575   20.6%   15.3%
  St. David's South Austin Medical Center   $39,591,146   17.3%   24.9%
  St. David's Medical Center   $132,476,596   22.7%   26.8%
  Seton Healthcare Family
  University Medical Center Brackenridge   ($121,652,701)   -26.4%   -4.3%
  Seton Medical Center Austin   $97,644,572   20.8%   30.8%
  Seton Highland Lakes   $4,018,601   8.8%   29.4%
  Seton Edgar B. Davis   $600,504   2.6%   24.2%
  Cedar Park Regional Medical Center   $14,358,617   16.9%   16.2%
  Dell Children's Medical Center   $182,076,482   36.4%   32.6%
  Seton Medical Center Williamson   ($9,199,350)   -6.6%   14.4%
  Seton Northwest Hospital   $9,352,325   11.0%   38.4%
  Seton Southwest Hospital   $1,093,374   3.8%   33.6%
  Seton Shoal Creek Hospital   ($2,223,090)   -9.0%   -1.3%
  Seton Medical Center Hays   $3,088,742   2.9%   21.8%
  Baylor Scott & White
  Scott & White Emergency Hospital Cedar Park   ($584,414)   -12.2%   N/A
  Scott & White Hospital-Round Rock   $26,523,082   17.0%   13.5%
  Scott & White Hospital-Taylor   ($1,710,109)   -13.4%   22.8%
  Other hospitals
  Arise Austin Medical Center   $12,769,758   55.3%   N/A
  Austin Lakes Hospital Austin   $4,399,947   27.7%   30%
  Cornerstone Hospital   $2,593,670   11.8%   18.7%
  Lakeway Regional Medical Center   ($43,722,401)   -110.9%   -78%
  The Hospital at Westlake Medical Center   $2,520,140   6.6%   17.5%


LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



CORRECTION: A front-page article Wednesday about Lakeway Regional Medical Center
incorrectly reported that CEO Susan MacLeod anticipates staff reductions at the
hospital. The word "not" was missing from the sentence; MacLeod does not
anticipate staff reductions.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              246 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

The EEC and Recycling -- Shaping the New Oil Facility

                           December 16, 1980, Tuesday

By FONS VAN DER STEE, Minister of Finance, The Netherlands


One of the most disturbing factors marking the present world economic situation
is the re-emergence of payments imbalances between major groups of countries.

The combined current account surplus of the major oil exporters rose sharply
last year and is expected to peak this year at about $115 billion.  On the other
hand, many oil-importing developing countries are running large deficits: the
European Community countries on the order of $40 billion and the oil-importing
countries of about $70 billion.  This gives rise to concern about the ability of
these countries -- especially the developing countries among them -- to finance
their payments deficits on the required scale.

It is for this reason that during the annual meetings of the International
Monetary Fund and the World Bank of last September the recycling process and the
financing needs of the developing countries were discussed extensively.  In the
course of this meeting, both institutions received broad support for a more
prominent role in the financing of balance of payments deficits and development
aid.  The EC-countries have strongly supported this line of action and will
continue to do so, in particular since recycling via the commercial banking
system may become more difficult in view of the country-risks involved.

Within the EC, this same problem of recycling towards developing countries has
been discussed and it has been considered what role the European Community could
play.  Since recycling is a worldwide problem involving not only European
Community countries but also other OECD countries, OPEC countries and the less
developed countries, it was concluded that it should not be tackled primarily by
a regional organization like the European Community, but rather by the worldwide
financial institutions in which all countries involved are represented.  For
this reason, organizations like the IMF and the World Bank are much better
placed to deal with global payments problems.

To say that the EC itself does not intend to play a central role does not mean
that the Community is not doing anything to assist the developing world.

As a matter of fact, the Community has been extending considerable financial aid
in the past and intends to continue doing so in the future.  This assistance is
given to the so-called associated countries, and concerns project loans from the
European Investment Bank, as well as gifts and budget loans.  The Mediterranean
countries, for instance, received over $1 billion during 1979-1981, while
special funds are made available to countries like Turkey, Yugoslavia, Portugal
and Greece.  For some 70 countries falling under the Lome Convention, over $7
billion will be made available during 1980-1985.

In order to cover the particular recycling needs of the member-countries, a
revision and adjustment of the EC oil facility (Community loan mechanism) is
presently under discussion.  I therefore shall go into this matter in some
detail here.
The New Oil Facility

In 1975, the European Community decided to create a special mechanism of
community loans (oil facility) for the benefit of its member-states.  The aim of
this facility was that in case a member-country experienced serious balance of
payments difficulties due to the increase in oil prices, the Community would
undertake to raise funds in the international capital markets in order to relend
them to that country.  In view of this particular aim of the facility, it was
understood that each loan should be conditional upon the adaptation by the
receiving country of economic policy measures designed to redress its balance of
payments.

Other reasons for creating this facility were that this type of intervention by
the Community as such would contribute to an economic convergence within the
Community and to a stabilization of capital movements.

Since, at the time of the creation of the oil facility, it was thought that the
need for this kind of assistance would be only temporary, the loan operations
were limited to a total of ECU 2.1 billion (approximately $2 billion) in
principal and interest payments.

The particular objective of this facility was the main reason for not adapting
nor revising it at the time the european Monetary System entered into operation
(March 13, 1979), and the other purely intra-Community credit mechanisms were
revised, adapted and extended.

In the course of 1980, however, it became apparent that another oil crisis had
manifested itself, and discussions were started on the revision of the oil
facility, the existing facility being nearly exhausted.  During these
discussions it appeared that some important particulars of the mechanism needed
adjustment both to meet the wishes of the various member-states and in order to
allow for a more effective use.  This has made the adjustment procedure more
lengthy than expected, but at the present time most of the changes have been
agreed upon and it is expected that the Council of Ministers will soon agree on
the last, but very important item, the new over-all ceiling.
Characteristics

Duration: Contrary to the 1975 facility, of which the duration was not
specified, the revised facility will initially be available for a period of five
years.  Thereafter, it will have to be examined whether the Community loan still
meets the needs which led to its creation.

Borrowing flexibility: The Commission will have to dispose of the necessary
flexibility in its borrowing operations both to comply with the specific needs
of the deficit countries and to make the best of the market conditions.  It
should thus be able to call on available markets --has been the case until now.
Also, the Community will examine and develop the possibilities of borrowing
directly from the surplus countries.

ECU as denominator: It has been suggested that the ECU be used as a denominator
for the Community's borrowing.  However, it still has to be seen whether markets
do not prefer denomination in major currencies, in particular as long as the EMS
is still in its transitional phase.  Also, the proper role of the (regional)
ECU, viz. a viz. the SDR as a (global) reserve asset has still to be determined.
Another aspect which has to be taken into consideration is that market liquidity
has as yet to be developed by creating a market for ECU-denominated paper.

Guarantees: In the very unlikely event of default of a borrowing country, the
guarantee arrangements for creditors as taken care of in the Community budget.
Since this budget is financed in the end by funds from the member states, they
will have to pay anyway.

Conditionality: This is a crucial element but also a rather controversial one.
Lengthy discussions were held before agreement could be reached.  Some members
wished that only weak economic policy conditions be attached to the credits;
others, on the contrary, wanted strict ones.

Under the revised mechanism, conditionality will depend on the character and
magnitude of the financial problems the deficit country experiences, as is the
case under the present facility.  However, the new facility stimulates countries
to apply for assistance well before a serious crisis has become manifest.  In
case of a timely request, a so-called "early conditionality" will apply; i.e.,
appropriate conditions together with a modest amount of financing to get the
country back on its feet.  These conditions (an adjustment program including
indicative policy targets) will in that stage be weaker than later on, when the
external situation has become worse.

If the country requesting the loan already experiences serious balance of
payments problems, conditionality designed to redress the situation will have to
be stricter.  The more serious the economic imbalance, the more that endeavors
on the supply side of the economy -- particularly in the energy field --will
have to be added to adjustment measures on the demand side.

As in the present arrangement, the policy conditions will be decided on by the
Council of Ministers and compliance with these conditions will be verified and
monitored by the Commission in collaboration with the Monetary Committee.  If
the loan is disbursed in instalments, payment is subject to compliance with
interim conditions.  This concept of conditionality is essential since it
contributes to the needed economic stability within the Community.

On the other hand, the conditions to be attached to the oil facility credits
should take into account the over-all developments of the world economy, as they
are influenced by oil price fluctuations in particular: Therefore, I prefer the
conditionality to be consistent with the parallel conditions submitted by the
IMF, with its worldwide view and responsibilities in the field of balance of
payments adjustment.  This means that in practice in this matter, consultation
between the Community and the IMF is very desirable.

Another important reason for wishing consultation with the IMF is to prevent the
EC oil facility -- by allowing its members conditions that are relatively soft
-- to compete with the assistance given under the IMF-facilities.

Finally, in order to give an idea of the type of monetary and fiscal measures we
have in mind, I mention some examples:

a limitation of government expenditure;

a reduction of the Treasury net borrowing requirement and its monetary
financing;

a restriction of domestic credit expansion.

Ceiling: Even with an increase of the over-all ceiling, two modifications entail
additional borrowing capacity for the Commission:

the interest on outstanding credits will no longer be included in the ceiling;

the ceiling will, under the new regulations, have a revolving character.

The size of the new facility is still under discussion.  Some member-states are
in favor of quite a substantial increase, while Germany and my own country
prefer some restraint.

When we take into consideration the evolution of economic data in the Community
since 1975 -- such as nominal GDP, EC imports and exports -- we see that these
aggregates have more or less doubled since 1975.  Another reason for an increase
is the entry into the Community of Greece, Spain and Portugal.  Upon their
entry, these countries will be entitled to draw on the facility.  Taking these
factors into consideration, a ceiling of no more than ECU 6 billion seems
justified.

In concluding, I want to express my feeling that the European Community is about
to create a useful recycling mechanism that is properly adjusted to the
foreseeable international financing conditions.  If, in particular, the proper
conditionality can indeed by realized, the economic stability of the Community
as a whole will be promoted by the use of this new credit facility.  More
stability for Europe means more stable global economic conditions.  In addition,
the European Community should increase its financial assistance to developing
countries facing recycling problems, primarily through an active participation
in the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank.

SECTION: Pg. 9

LENGTH: 1847 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1980 American Banker, Inc.


                              247 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                           December 11, 2008 Thursday

Regulatory Roundup

BYLINE: Rob Blackwell

SECTION: WASHINGTON; Pg. 4 Vol. 173 No. 238

LENGTH: 1510  words


Open for Comment

Appraisal Standards

Proposed guidance by federal banking and thrift regulators that would strengthen
the independence of the appraisal process. The guidance seeks to emphasize the
importance of the independence of an institution's appraisal and evaluation
program, and it requires a paper trail that would support an institution's
credit decision. Published Nov. 17 in the Federal Register. Comments due Jan.
20.

Deposit Insurance

An interim rule by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. to carry out a temporary
increase in the standard deposit coverage limit, to $250,000 per account, and to
simplify insurance rules for mortgage servicers' accounts. Published Oct. 17.
Comments due Dec. 16.

Recent Actions

MSBs

The Financial Crimes Enforcement Network released a Bank Secrecy Act manual Dec.
9 for money-services businesses.

The manual, modeled after the one for financial institutions, contains an
overview of anti-laundering requirements, BSA risk management expectations,
sound industry practices, and examination procedures.

Money-services businesses have complained that bankers have been severing their
accounts since the 2005 release of regulatory guidance labeling their risks.

Bank Failures I

Regulators closed First Georgia Community Bank in Jackson on Dec. 5, making it
the 23rd institution to be closed this year.

The FDIC was appointed as the $237 million-asset bank's receiver and said its
$197 million of deposits were sold to United Bank in Zebulon. United agreed to
pay the FDIC a 0.8% deposit premium and buy $60.6 million of First Georgia
Community's assets.

The agency estimated the failure's cost for the Deposit Insurance Fund at $72
million.

CTR Filings

Fincen finalized a rule Dec. 4 to give bankers more leeway in deciding when to
file a currency transaction report. The final rule makes it simpler for banks to
obtain CTR exemptions.

Beige Book

The Federal Reserve Board said Dec. 3 that government efforts to stabilize the
economy have made modest inroads. In the central bank's "Beige Book," the
Chicago district singled out the FDIC plan to back bank debt, and the Dallas
district said capital infusions by the Treasury Department have been helping
bankers lend again.

Fed Facilities

The Fed said Dec. 2 that it will extend three liquidity programs through April
30.

The primary dealer credit facility, the asset-backed commercial paper money
market fund liquidity facility, and the term securities lending facility had
been scheduled to expire Jan. 30.

The three-month extension means these programs will phase out at the same time
as other facilities the Fed has introduced, including the commercial paper
funding facility and the money-market investor funding facility.

Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke has repeatedly assured market participants that
liquidity programs will remain in place as long as they are needed.

Overdraft Programs

The FDIC released a study Dec. 2 that found overdraft programs have grown
rapidly in the last seven years. The study, begun in 2006 to help officials
establish policy related to the growth of such programs, said nearly 70% of
institutions from a sample initiated a program after 2001. Large banks were more
than 50% likely to have had a program already in place in 2001.

ANB Financial

The Treasury's inspector general released a report Dec. 1 that said the Office
of the Comptroller of the Currency was slow to handle problems at ANB Financial
before it failed in May. The report said the OCC did not issue an enforcement
action against the $1.9 billion-asset Bentonville, Ark., company in time to save
it and continued to give it high ratings, even though it showed dangerous signs
of risky growth.

U.K. Approval

The Fed effectively allowed the U.K. government to become a bank holding
company. In a letter dated Nov. 26, the Fed approved a request by U.K. Financial
Investments Ltd., which is owned by the U.K. government and manages holdings in
banking companies that have been recapitalized with public money, to become a
bank holding company.

The approval is connected to U.K. Financial Investments' efforts to get an
indirect controlling interest in the U.S. subsidiaries of Royal Bank of Scotland
Group PLC. The U.K. government could ultimately acquire as much as 58.1% of
Royal Bank's ordinary shares.

GSE/ABS Plans

The Fed said Nov. 25 that it would begin purchasing the debt of Fannie Mae,
Freddie Mac, and the Federal Home Loan banks. The Fed said it will purchase up
to $100 billion of debt from primary dealers in auctions set to begin next week.
The central bank also plans to purchase $500 billion of mortgage-backed
securities guaranteed by Fannie, Freddie, and the Government National Mortgage
Association.

The Fed also announced a program jointly developed with the Treasury to lend up
to $200 billion to holders of certain triple-A asset-backed securities backed by
new and recently originated consumer and small-business loans.

QBP

The FDIC said Nov. 25 in its Quarterly Banking Profile that third-quarter bank
and thrift earnings plunged 94% from a year earlier, to $1.7 billion. The
industry was hurt by the continuing fallout from the housing crisis, sparking a
rise in loan-loss provisions and losses on the sale of securities. The number of
banks on the troubled bank list rose to 171 with $115.6 billion of assets. The
ratio of reserves to insured deposits fell to 0.76%, the lowest level since
1994.

Citi Backstop

The government said Nov. 23 that it would guarantee $306 billion of assets and
pump an additional $20 billion of capital into Citigroup Inc. to shore up
confidence in the economy and in large banking companies.

Under the government's terms, Citi would agree to take a first loss position on
$29 billion of assets. Further losses would be split, with the government taking
90% and Citi taking 10%.

The Treasury would cover the next $5 billion of losses, and the FDIC would cover
the next $10 billion. The Fed would cover any amount beyond that in the form of
a nonrecourse loan.

Shelf Charter

The OCC said Nov. 21 that it would create a "shelf charter" to help
private-equity firms receive preapproval for bank charters. Companies that get
the charter would be able to participate in the FDIC's bidding process for
failing institutions. The FDIC said a week later that it would begin using a
less exhaustive review process to allow more private-equity firms to bid on
failed banks.

Bank Failures II

Regulators shut three institutions Nov. 21.

Two troubled Southern California thrifts - the $12.8 billion-asset Downey
Savings and Loan in Newport Beach and the $3.7 billion-asset PFF Bank and Trust
in Pomona - had their banking operations sold to U.S. Bancorp.

Regulators also shut the $681 million-asset Community Bank in Loganville, Ga.

The three failures are expected to cost the Deposit Insurance Fund $2.3 billion.

FDIC Liquidity Program

The FDIC finalized a rule Nov. 21 implementing its liquidity guarantee to back
bank debt and zero-interest deposits. The agency made several changes from a
proposal issued a month earlier. It scrapped a uniform 75-basis-point fee for
senior debt covered by the program - a fee bankers had said was excessive - and
replaced it with a tiered system that prices debt according to its maturity.
Assessments for most participants would range from 50 to 100 basis points.

The rule also eliminated certain short-term debt from coverage and clarified
that the FDIC will start paying bondholders as soon as an institution stops
making payments.

FDIC Plan

The FDIC released details Nov. 14 about how its plan to give a government
guarantee to servicers that agree to engage in systematic loan modifications
would work. Under the plan, the government would cover as much as half the
losses on certain loans modified by lenders that agreed to standardized
procedures. The loss-sharing guarantee would evaporate if the borrower defaulted
within the first six payments of the modified loan.The plan must be implemented
by the White House.

Actions Expected Soon

Mortgage Rates

The Treasury is expected to announce a plan before Christmas to lower mortgage
rates for new home purchases to 4.5%. Details of the plan have not been made
public.

Unfair and Deceptive

The Fed is expected to finalize rules next week to ban unfair and deceptive
credit card practices. They are not expected to be significantly different from
proposals unveiled in May. The proposal would ban double-cycle billing, restrict
interest rate increases on existing balances, and dictate payment allocation
guidelines.

The Fed is expected to pause on a plan to require banks to give customers a
chance to opt out of overdraft programs. Such a provision, originally included
in the unfair and deceptive acts proposal, is expected to be broken out into its
own plan and reissued for comment.

Mortgage Metrics

The OCC and the Office of Thrift Supervision are expected to release a report
next week that will show many modified loans redefault a short time later.
Comptroller of the Currency John Dugan said Monday that 51% of loans modified in
the second quarter were more than 30 days late within six months.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com/

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AB


                        Copyright 2008 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              248 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                            February 8, 2011 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Amicus deal hits rural radar

BYLINE: Murray Mandryk, Saskatchewan News Network; Regina Leader-Post

SECTION: FORUM; Murray Mandryk; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 647  words


When the NDP during the past spring session started to hammer the government on
the issue of the Amicus nursing home, it clearly hoped to achieve results
immediately.

The story of the contract to build a nursing home in Saskatoon going untendered
to a construction firm owned by a large donor to the Saskatchewan Party seemed
to have elements of a scandal right out of the Grant Devine era.

Veteran New Democratic MLA Pat Atkinson spoke of an "odour" wafting around the
private, 100-bed, long-term care facility. The agreement between the Saskatoon
Health Region and Amicus Health Care Inc., a subsidiary of the Catholic Health
Ministry of Saskatchewan, sees Amicus receive what the NDP described as a loan
guarantee from the provincial government.

For added measure, the Opposition tossed in the fact that Amicus gets to charge
a higher than normal daily bed fee to make the project more viable, and pointed
to some political ties between those who are involved with the project and
family members who are heavyweights in the Saskatchewan Party.

Notwithstanding the NDP's persistent attacks virtually every day since the
legislature resumed in the fall, the Amicus issue never really took hold.

This wasn't necessarily because it was an "innovative pilot project ... a full
arms-length removed from government," as Health Minister Don McMorris repeatedly
claimed. It simply didn't contain the two most critical elements of a scandal:
concrete evidence of some friend or supporter making personal gain; or any sign
of a massive waste of taxpayers' dollars.

While Amicus hasn't rendered the instant political reward for which the NDP had
hoped, the party's persistence may be paying dividends politically for another
reason.

The government's favoured approach to Amicus provides an interesting contrast to
rural communities that aren't getting the same treatment on the funding of local
hospital and nursing home projects.

That unpleasant contrast was evident at last week's Saskatchewan Urban
Municipalities Association annual conference.

When McMorris again was asked about the 65-35 cost-sharing formula that forces
rural communities to locally raise more than one-third the cost of any new
hospital or nursing home, he raised the possibility of the government moving to
a slightly more equitable 80-20 split.

This is obviously good news for those small communities that for the past two
decades have relied on everything from bake sales to having kids turn over their
4-H beef winnings to raise money to make up the local share of 35 per cent. But
in a later scrum with reporters McMorris called the decision a long ways off,
and offered no insight on how such a policy might impact communities that
already raised their 35 per cent share or still paying it off.

Even less helpful was his suggestion that while some communities are clamouring
to have their share reduced to 20 per cent, others actually like paying the 35
per cent because that affords them a greater sense of pride and ownership in the
facility.

If so, there surely can't be much of sense of pride and ownership in the Amicus
deal that -if nothing else -is laced with a lot of special considerations that
rural communities aren't getting and won't be getting even if the government
assumes 80 per cent of the cost of building local nursing homes and hospitals.

So why does Amicus receive a 100 per cent loan guarantee and other
considerations such as a higher bed rate while rural communities have to do a
considerable amount of fund-raising, the minister was asked last week.

It's because the Amicus facility is a new, additional nursing home and not one
that merely replaces a decrepit facility, he explained.

Exactly why a rural facility in desperate need of replacement deserves less
government support than does Amicus is a bit of a puzzler.

That's a question some people in rural Saskatchewan are beginning to ask as
well.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2011 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              249 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                              May 12, 2014 Monday

USDA to provide $78m fund for local food enterprises

SECTION: REGULATORY NEWS; Business Expansions

LENGTH: 343 words



HIGHLIGHT: The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) is set to invest
$78m in local and regional food systems, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack has
announced.


The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) is set to invest $78m in
local and regional food systems, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack has
announced.

The investments will be made in food hubs, farmers markets, aggregation and
processing facilities, distribution services, and other local food business
enterprises.

USDA will provide $48m in loan guarantees for local food projects through Rural
Development's Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program.

About $30m will be available through competitive grants such as Agricultural
Marketing Service's (AMS) Farmers Market and Local Foods Promotion Program.

USDA Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said the 2014 Farm Bill has given USDA
new tools, resources and authority to support the rural economy.

"Consumer demand for locally-produced food is strong and growing, and farmers
and ranchers are positioning their businesses to meet that demand.

"These historic USDA investments in support of local food give farmers and
ranchers more market opportunities, provide consumers with more choices, and
create jobs in both rural and urban communities," Vilsack added.

The 2014 Farm Bill requires USDA to allocate at least 5% of Business and
Industry (B&I) programme loan guarantees for projects that focus on local food
business enterprises.

The B&I program has been authorised to fund local food infrastructure in urban
areas as long as the project supports farm and ranch income and expands healthy
food access in underserved communities.

Rural Development's B&I program is one of several USDA initiatives that provides
financial backing for rural business development in partnership with
private-sector lenders.

In 2013, Rural Development supported around 170 local food infrastructure
projects, covering food hubs, processing facilities, cold storage and
distribution networks.

The 2014 Farm Bill tripled funding for marketing and promotion support for local
food enterprises, allocating $30m annually to farmers markets, other direct
producer-to-consumer venues, and other businesses in the local food supply
chain.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              250 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 16, 2017

                                AWEN EXHIBITIONS

                            THE OLD CARETAKERS HOUSE
                          SENGHENYDD COMMUNITY CENTRE
                            GWERN AVENUE SENGHENYDD
                              CAERPHILLY CF83 4HA


TRADE ADDRESS: The Old Caretakers House Senghenydd Community Centre, CAERPHILLY
CF83 4HA

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 08900798

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: February 18, 2014
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    John Eryl Roberts, Museum Supervisor
     ·    David Chamberlain, Arts Development Manager
     ·    Roland David Brunton, Youth And Community Project Ma


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Operation of arts facilities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
90040

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: February 28, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: February 28

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  February 28, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  February 25, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  February 18, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  17,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           28/02/201 28/02/201         -
                                                   6         5
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         4         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         4         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                              64         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         -         -
Other Current Assets                              64         -         -
Total Current Assets                              64         -         -
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         4         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                      64         4         -



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           28/02/201 28/02/201         -
                                                   6         5
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                200         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                        200         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                        200         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                200         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         4         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                   -136         0         -
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                               -136         4         -
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         4         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                      -136         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   28/02/201 28/02/201  -
                           6         5
                         GBP       GBP GB
                                        P
Total Sales                -         -  -
Cost of Sales              -         -  -
Gross Profit               -         -  -
Operating Profit           -         -  -
Export                     -         -  -
Nontrading Income          -         -  -
Interest Payable           -         -  -
Pretax Profit              -         -  -
Taxation                   -         -  -
Profit After Tax           -         -  -
Dividends Payable          -         -  -
Retained Profits           -         -  -
Value Added                -         -  -
Capital Employed        -136         4  -
Net Worth               -136         4  -
Working Capital         -136         -  -
Emp. Renumeration          -         -  -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -  -
Audit Fees                 -         -  -
Non-audit Fees             -         -  -
Depreciation               -         -  -
Number of                  -         -  -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets        1,500      -      -
Current Assets          -      -      -
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed    -3500      -      -
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 1,854 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
92320 Operation of arts facilities



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -4.23     2.14    21.82
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -4.9      .44    11.92
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -5.42      .52     9.73
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              46.15      125   285.37
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       10.69      1.5        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                     .5     1.03      2.1
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            16,419.7 23,251.5 36,092.8
                                                          3        8        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,000 17,116.2   23,000
                                                                   8
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  34,803.1   54,000 79,673.1
                                                          3                 2
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  41.08    32.32    22.28



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  7
=        1
Year -1  3
=        6
Year -2  5
=        2
Year -3  -
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                    8/02/201 28/02/201 -
                                                           6         5
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                       -         - -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                                 -         - -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                     -         - -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                  -         - -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                   -         - -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                                   -         - -
Export / Sales (%)                                         -         - -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                                -         - -
Sales / Stocks                                             -         - -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales ) x           -         - -
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    0.32         - -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                      0.32         - -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                                 -         - -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      -2.13         1 -
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         - -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                         -         - -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                               -         - -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)          -         - -
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                          -         - -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  -         - -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                          -         - -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                     -         - -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -         - -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -         - -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                            -         - -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                    -         - -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    -         - -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                        -         - -
Sales / Audit Fees                                         -         - -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                                  -         - -
Creditors / Debtors                                        -         - -
Total Debt / Working Capital                               -         - -
Total Debt / Total Assets                                  -         - -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP -136

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2017


                              251 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tifton Gazette (Georgia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            August 4, 2016 Thursday

Tift County Hospital Authority holds public meeting on upcoming projects

BYLINE: Latasha Ford, The Tifton Gazette, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 961 words


Aug. 04--TIFTON -- The Tift County Hospital Authority held a public meeting
Monday morning at the Tift Regional Medical Center main campus for area citizens
to help them become acquainted with proposed U.S. Department of Agriculture
financing to include the construction of Cook Medical Center replacement
facility in Adel, a musculoskeletal center in Tifton and a new emergency center
and patient tower on the existing campus of Tift Regional Medical Center.
Project funds will also be utilized to acquire physician practices in Tift's
service area.

TCHA is applying for project financing through the USDA Community Facilities
Program.

William Richardson, president and CEO of TRMC, said this is something that has
been in the planning stages as they have tried to address the facility needs in
Tifton and other locations where Tift has a presence.

"We've tried to factor in the strategic direction where health care is going,"
he said. "The health care landscape is changing dramatically as we try to
prepare for it."

Richardson said this has been taken into consideration as they unveil where they
are going physically in terms of new facilities and strategically.

"And, how we need to change as an organization at this hospital in terms of
improving quality, patient outcomes, the patient experience and also improve our
efficiency in the way that we operate," he added. "The entire business model of
health care that we've known our entire professional careers is changing and
we're trying to adapt to that."

"As with anything in health care, it takes quite a bit of capital, money, to
accomplish what it is that we want to accomplish," he noted.

Richardson said they found that a good option for them would be to borrow the
money through loans offered through the USDA that extends for a longer period
and have a much lower interest rate. This way they can remain financially strong
as they enter the plans, develop them and execute them in the upcoming months.

Dennis Crum, Tift Regional Health System senior vice president and chief
financial officer, went over where they are in the process with the USDA. He
said they have submitted a pre-application with the USDA for a direct loan
program, which is broken down into two different phases.

Phase 1 will involve the musculoskeletal center, estimated to cost around $22
million, and replacement of the Cook Medical Center facility ($20 million).
Phase 2 will involve replacement of the emergency room at TRMC ($64 million),
which they are looking to start in 2018, and the addition of a patient tower,
which will allow for them to have all private rooms ($33 million).

Also, Crum said they plan to replace all of their information systems with
Cerner and Lawson Systems (possible USDA guarantee program). He noted they have
already begun this process. With the guarantee program, USDA will guarantee 90
percent of the loan to a bank, but the actual transaction is between Tift
Regional and the bank. He said replacement of the information systems will cost
about $37.4 million.

"Right now, it's a 40-year loan and today's interest rate is 2.75 percent," Crum
said about the USDA direct loan program. He said they will soon submit the final
application. A feasibility report was issued last week from an outside
accountant and it was found they can afford the loan.

Richardson noted that if they are approved by the USDA, they are not obligated
to undertake each of the proposed projects. He said it gives them some
flexibility depending on the environment at the time if they can support the
projects.

Sarah Thompson, TRMC vice president of facility management, went over the master
facility plan. She said they have been working with their architectural firm,
Perkins and Will, for a couple of years on their master plan. She said they have
looked at several different concepts and options to relocate the hospital's ER
department.

"Our leadership has chosen to relocate the emergency department to the southeast
corner of our property," Thompson said. "It would be necessary for us to close a
portion of 18th Street from Old Ocilla Road up to John Orr Drive so that we
could expand our parking due to the location of the emergency department. To
replace our emergency department, it's going to take up to $64 million."

Currently, they can see between 37 to 43 patients in five different areas in
their existing space in the ER at TRMC. The new center will allow them to see up
to 45 patients in one continuous area without being separated in different
sections.

"In doing this, we will improve our patient experience, our patient
satisfaction, which we take very seriously," Thompson said, noting it will be
more beneficial for staff as well. She noted they see approximately 50,000
patients a year in the ER.

The patient tower will be located on top of the ER department, which will give
them 30 private beds on the second and third floor levels.

Claire Byrnes, vice president of physician services, went over the plans for the
musculoskeletal center. She said this 80,000 square-foot building will be
located on the west campus, where Affinity Clinic is located, and will include
services for orthopedics, neurology, physical therapy, rheumatology and pain
management.

Michael Purvis, CEO of Cook Medical Center in Adel, said replacement of the
medical center/Cook Senior Living Center will cost up to $20 million. He said
they will be able to eliminate about $2 million in operating loss that they
currently have annually and will optimize inventory surgery at this campus. He
noted they would like the new campus to be located along Interstate 75 so that
it's more accessible.

___ (c)2016 The Tifton Gazette (Tifton, Ga.) Visit The Tifton Gazette (Tifton,
Ga.) at tiftongazette.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160804-TJ-Tift-County-Hospital-Authority-holds-public-meeting-on-upcoming-proj
ects-0804-20160804

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJ


                       Copyright 2016 The Tifton Gazette


                              252 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                             March 6, 2007 Tuesday

Moving Forward

BYLINE: Chico Enterprise-Record

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 308 words


Financial

Chico-based Butte Community Bank plans to open a branch in Anderson by the
summer.

The 3,200-square-foot facility will offer all Butte's banking services, a
drive-through, and ATM.

Butte has 13 branches in 10 cities.

Additionally, the bank was named the nation's top lender by USDA Rural
Development program for its business and industry loan guarantee service. The
bank committed more than $46.1 million in guaranteed loans over 2006.

The USDA program works with private-sector lenders like Butte to guarantee loans
for working capital, machinery, equipment, debt refinancing, buildings and real
estate.

Home improvement

Home Depot stores in Chico and Oroville will include a variety of free, how-to
clinics during March.

At 7 p.m. Thursdays, "Creative Ways to Add Color to Your Home." At 10 a.m.
Saturdays, "Tiling Floors and Walls." At 1 p.m. Sundays, "Installing DuPont
Laminate Flooring."

The workshops are designed for all skill levels, and provide an opportunity for
questions.

Anniversaries

North Valley Shuttle is celebrating its 30th year in business this month,
providing transportation between Chico and the Sacramento International Airport.

The company runs 15-passenger vans to the Sacramento airport seven days a week,
with five runs daily, starting from downtown Chico. It also serves Paradise,
Oroville, Gridley and Yuba City.

Owners Marty Griffin and Helen Upton note that for those who need to get to the
Sacramento airport, this is a cheaper, more convenient way to travel.

Other information is available on the company's Web site:
www.northvalleyshuttle.com

Moving Forward covers information, announcements and changes in businesses in
Butte, Glenn and Tehama counties. Send information and photos to: Business
Editor, Chico Enterprise-Record, P.O. Box 9, Chico 95927 or fax to 342-3617.
Please include a contact name and phone number.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              253 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                              April 4, 2011 Monday

Ex-Im Bank Supports U.S. Renewable-Energy Jobs by Financing Solar-Power Projects
in India 2

LENGTH: 834  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, April 4 -- Solar-energy companies - including a small business - in
Washington State and Ohio are benefiting from Ex-Im Bank financing of their
exports to customers in India.

Ex-Im Bank has approved two transactions financing solar-energy exports to India
that will support more than 100 American jobs at the production facilities of
Infinia Corporation in Kennewick, Wash., and First Solar Inc. in Perrysburg,
Ohio.

"These are the kinds of cutting-edge, U.S. renewable-energy technology exports
that President Obama and Ex-Im Bank have made a priority. Our financing is
enabling these innovative companies to realize exciting sales opportunities in
key markets and maintain jobs in their communities," said Ex-Im Bank Chairman
and President Fred P. Hochberg.

Ex-Im Bank is the first international financing institution to approve
solar-power projects under India's National Solar Mission and the State of
Gujarat's Solar Power Policy.

Ex-Im Bank authorized a $30 million direct loan to the project sponsor, Dalmia
Solar Power Ltd., on a limited-recourse project-finance basis. The loan will
finance the sale of PowerDish? - a modular solar electricity system - by a
Washington State small business, Infinia Corporation, for a 10-megawatt (MW)
solar-thermal project in Rajasthan.

The repayment of the loan is based on the cash flows generated by the sale of
PowerDish-generated electricity to NTPC Vidyut Vyapar Nigam Ltd. (NVVN), the
power trading subsidiary of India's National Thermal Power Corp. The Indian
government has provided special power price incentives to NVVN to promote the
development of 20,000 MW of installed solar power by 2022.

"Ex-Im Bank's support was absolutely essential for providing the long-term
financing needed to move this project forward," said Infinia CEO J.D. Sitton.
"Infinia is at the forefront of developing technologies here in the United
States that outperform traditional solar electricity generation, and we are
grateful to have Ex-Im Bank as a partner helping us to grow our American work
force."

Infinia's PowerDish produces more electricity, uses less space and costs less
money than other solar-power systems by converting concentrated solar energy
into electricity. The PowerDish couples Infinia's free-piston Stirling engine
with a dish-style solar concentrator to produce three kilowatts of grid-quality
AC power. The company was created in 1967 to pioneer new ways to meet customer
needs for heating, cooling and electricity. Its customers have included NASA and
the Department of Energy. Infinia has approximately 145 employees at it
manufacturing facility in Kennewick, Wash.

Ex-Im Bank also authorized a $19 million loan guarantee to PNC Bank in
Pittsburgh, Pa., for a long-term fixed-interest rate loan supporting sales of
thin-film solar modules by First Solar Inc. to a 15-MW solar power plant in the
state of Gujarat.

The loan will be made to the project sponsor, ACME Solar Technology (Gujarat)
Pvt. Ltd., on a limited-recourse project-finance basis. The repayment of the
loan is based on the cash flows generated by the sale of electricity to the
government of Gujarat's power utility company, Gujarat Urja Vikras Nigam Ltd.
The government of Gujarat has created special power price incentives to promote
the expansion of solar power in the state.

First Solar Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries manufacture and sell solar
photovoltaic (PV) modules, and also develop, design, construct, operate and
maintain solar PV electricity-generating facilities. Founded in 1999, the
company is the world's largest manufacturer of thin-film solar modules and has
more than 1,200 employees at its facilities in Perrysburg, Ohio.

About Ex-Im Bank:

Ex-Im Bank is an independent federal agency that helps create and maintain U.S.
jobs by filling gaps in private export financing at no cost to American
taxpayers. The Bank provides a variety of financing mechanisms, including
working capital guarantees, export-credit insurance, and financing to help
foreign buyers purchase U.S. goods and services.

By charging fees and interest on all loan-related transactions, Ex-Im Bank is
self-sustaining and is able to cover all operation costs and potential losses
while also producing revenue. The Bank has generated $3.4 billion for U.S.
taxpayers over the past five years.

In fiscal year 2010, Ex-Im Bank authorized a record high of approximately $24.5
billion in loans, guarantees and insurance (including more than $5 billion in
authorizations for small businesses), supporting an estimated 230,000 American
jobs.

During the first quarter of fiscal year 2011, the Bank approved $8 billion in
total financing authorizations, supporting nearly $9.3 billion in U.S. export
sales. These sales will support approximately 66,000 American jobs in
communities across the country Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              254 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                              April 4, 2011 Monday

Ex-Im Bank Supports U.S. Renewable-Energy Jobs by Financing Solar-Power Projects
in India

LENGTH: 834  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, April 4 -- Solar-energy companies - including a small business - in
Washington State and Ohio are benefiting from Ex-Im Bank financing of their
exports to customers in India.

Ex-Im Bank has approved two transactions financing solar-energy exports to India
that will support more than 100 American jobs at the production facilities of
Infinia Corporation in Kennewick, Wash., and First Solar Inc. in Perrysburg,
Ohio.

"These are the kinds of cutting-edge, U.S. renewable-energy technology exports
that President Obama and Ex-Im Bank have made a priority. Our financing is
enabling these innovative companies to realize exciting sales opportunities in
key markets and maintain jobs in their communities," said Ex-Im Bank Chairman
and President Fred P. Hochberg.

Ex-Im Bank is the first international financing institution to approve
solar-power projects under India's National Solar Mission and the State of
Gujarat's Solar Power Policy.

Ex-Im Bank authorized a $30 million direct loan to the project sponsor, Dalmia
Solar Power Ltd., on a limited-recourse project-finance basis. The loan will
finance the sale of PowerDish? - a modular solar electricity system - by a
Washington State small business, Infinia Corporation, for a 10-megawatt (MW)
solar-thermal project in Rajasthan.

The repayment of the loan is based on the cash flows generated by the sale of
PowerDish-generated electricity to NTPC Vidyut Vyapar Nigam Ltd. (NVVN), the
power trading subsidiary of India's National Thermal Power Corp. The Indian
government has provided special power price incentives to NVVN to promote the
development of 20,000 MW of installed solar power by 2022.

"Ex-Im Bank's support was absolutely essential for providing the long-term
financing needed to move this project forward," said Infinia CEO J.D. Sitton.
"Infinia is at the forefront of developing technologies here in the United
States that outperform traditional solar electricity generation, and we are
grateful to have Ex-Im Bank as a partner helping us to grow our American work
force."

Infinia's PowerDish produces more electricity, uses less space and costs less
money than other solar-power systems by converting concentrated solar energy
into electricity. The PowerDish couples Infinia's free-piston Stirling engine
with a dish-style solar concentrator to produce three kilowatts of grid-quality
AC power. The company was created in 1967 to pioneer new ways to meet customer
needs for heating, cooling and electricity. Its customers have included NASA and
the Department of Energy. Infinia has approximately 145 employees at it
manufacturing facility in Kennewick, Wash.

Ex-Im Bank also authorized a $19 million loan guarantee to PNC Bank in
Pittsburgh, Pa., for a long-term fixed-interest rate loan supporting sales of
thin-film solar modules by First Solar Inc. to a 15-MW solar power plant in the
state of Gujarat.

The loan will be made to the project sponsor, ACME Solar Technology (Gujarat)
Pvt. Ltd., on a limited-recourse project-finance basis. The repayment of the
loan is based on the cash flows generated by the sale of electricity to the
government of Gujarat's power utility company, Gujarat Urja Vikras Nigam Ltd.
The government of Gujarat has created special power price incentives to promote
the expansion of solar power in the state.

First Solar Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries manufacture and sell solar
photovoltaic (PV) modules, and also develop, design, construct, operate and
maintain solar PV electricity-generating facilities. Founded in 1999, the
company is the world's largest manufacturer of thin-film solar modules and has
more than 1,200 employees at its facilities in Perrysburg, Ohio.

About Ex-Im Bank:

Ex-Im Bank is an independent federal agency that helps create and maintain U.S.
jobs by filling gaps in private export financing at no cost to American
taxpayers. The Bank provides a variety of financing mechanisms, including
working capital guarantees, export-credit insurance, and financing to help
foreign buyers purchase U.S. goods and services.

By charging fees and interest on all loan-related transactions, Ex-Im Bank is
self-sustaining and is able to cover all operation costs and potential losses
while also producing revenue. The Bank has generated $3.4 billion for U.S.
taxpayers over the past five years.

In fiscal year 2010, Ex-Im Bank authorized a record high of approximately $24.5
billion in loans, guarantees and insurance (including more than $5 billion in
authorizations for small businesses), supporting an estimated 230,000 American
jobs.

During the first quarter of fiscal year 2011, the Bank approved $8 billion in
total financing authorizations, supporting nearly $9.3 billion in U.S. export
sales. These sales will support approximately 66,000 American jobs in
communities across the country Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              255 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                              April 4, 2011 Monday

Ex-Im Bank Supports U.S. Renewable-Energy Jobs by Financing Solar-Power Projects
in India 1

LENGTH: 834  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, April 4 -- Solar-energy companies - including a small business - in
Washington State and Ohio are benefiting from Ex-Im Bank financing of their
exports to customers in India.

Ex-Im Bank has approved two transactions financing solar-energy exports to India
that will support more than 100 American jobs at the production facilities of
Infinia Corporation in Kennewick, Wash., and First Solar Inc. in Perrysburg,
Ohio.

"These are the kinds of cutting-edge, U.S. renewable-energy technology exports
that President Obama and Ex-Im Bank have made a priority. Our financing is
enabling these innovative companies to realize exciting sales opportunities in
key markets and maintain jobs in their communities," said Ex-Im Bank Chairman
and President Fred P. Hochberg.

Ex-Im Bank is the first international financing institution to approve
solar-power projects under India's National Solar Mission and the State of
Gujarat's Solar Power Policy.

Ex-Im Bank authorized a $30 million direct loan to the project sponsor, Dalmia
Solar Power Ltd., on a limited-recourse project-finance basis. The loan will
finance the sale of PowerDish? - a modular solar electricity system - by a
Washington State small business, Infinia Corporation, for a 10-megawatt (MW)
solar-thermal project in Rajasthan.

The repayment of the loan is based on the cash flows generated by the sale of
PowerDish-generated electricity to NTPC Vidyut Vyapar Nigam Ltd. (NVVN), the
power trading subsidiary of India's National Thermal Power Corp. The Indian
government has provided special power price incentives to NVVN to promote the
development of 20,000 MW of installed solar power by 2022.

"Ex-Im Bank's support was absolutely essential for providing the long-term
financing needed to move this project forward," said Infinia CEO J.D. Sitton.
"Infinia is at the forefront of developing technologies here in the United
States that outperform traditional solar electricity generation, and we are
grateful to have Ex-Im Bank as a partner helping us to grow our American work
force."

Infinia's PowerDish produces more electricity, uses less space and costs less
money than other solar-power systems by converting concentrated solar energy
into electricity. The PowerDish couples Infinia's free-piston Stirling engine
with a dish-style solar concentrator to produce three kilowatts of grid-quality
AC power. The company was created in 1967 to pioneer new ways to meet customer
needs for heating, cooling and electricity. Its customers have included NASA and
the Department of Energy. Infinia has approximately 145 employees at it
manufacturing facility in Kennewick, Wash.

Ex-Im Bank also authorized a $19 million loan guarantee to PNC Bank in
Pittsburgh, Pa., for a long-term fixed-interest rate loan supporting sales of
thin-film solar modules by First Solar Inc. to a 15-MW solar power plant in the
state of Gujarat.

The loan will be made to the project sponsor, ACME Solar Technology (Gujarat)
Pvt. Ltd., on a limited-recourse project-finance basis. The repayment of the
loan is based on the cash flows generated by the sale of electricity to the
government of Gujarat's power utility company, Gujarat Urja Vikras Nigam Ltd.
The government of Gujarat has created special power price incentives to promote
the expansion of solar power in the state.

First Solar Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries manufacture and sell solar
photovoltaic (PV) modules, and also develop, design, construct, operate and
maintain solar PV electricity-generating facilities. Founded in 1999, the
company is the world's largest manufacturer of thin-film solar modules and has
more than 1,200 employees at its facilities in Perrysburg, Ohio.

About Ex-Im Bank:

Ex-Im Bank is an independent federal agency that helps create and maintain U.S.
jobs by filling gaps in private export financing at no cost to American
taxpayers. The Bank provides a variety of financing mechanisms, including
working capital guarantees, export-credit insurance, and financing to help
foreign buyers purchase U.S. goods and services.

By charging fees and interest on all loan-related transactions, Ex-Im Bank is
self-sustaining and is able to cover all operation costs and potential losses
while also producing revenue. The Bank has generated $3.4 billion for U.S.
taxpayers over the past five years.

In fiscal year 2010, Ex-Im Bank authorized a record high of approximately $24.5
billion in loans, guarantees and insurance (including more than $5 billion in
authorizations for small businesses), supporting an estimated 230,000 American
jobs.

During the first quarter of fiscal year 2011, the Bank approved $8 billion in
total financing authorizations, supporting nearly $9.3 billion in U.S. export
sales. These sales will support approximately 66,000 American jobs in
communities across the country Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              256 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                              April 4, 2011 Monday

Ex-Im Bank Supports U.S. Renewable-Energy Jobs by Financing Solar-Power Projects
in India 3

LENGTH: 834  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, April 4 -- Solar-energy companies - including a small business - in
Washington State and Ohio are benefiting from Ex-Im Bank financing of their
exports to customers in India.

Ex-Im Bank has approved two transactions financing solar-energy exports to India
that will support more than 100 American jobs at the production facilities of
Infinia Corporation in Kennewick, Wash., and First Solar Inc. in Perrysburg,
Ohio.

"These are the kinds of cutting-edge, U.S. renewable-energy technology exports
that President Obama and Ex-Im Bank have made a priority. Our financing is
enabling these innovative companies to realize exciting sales opportunities in
key markets and maintain jobs in their communities," said Ex-Im Bank Chairman
and President Fred P. Hochberg.

Ex-Im Bank is the first international financing institution to approve
solar-power projects under India's National Solar Mission and the State of
Gujarat's Solar Power Policy.

Ex-Im Bank authorized a $30 million direct loan to the project sponsor, Dalmia
Solar Power Ltd., on a limited-recourse project-finance basis. The loan will
finance the sale of PowerDish? - a modular solar electricity system - by a
Washington State small business, Infinia Corporation, for a 10-megawatt (MW)
solar-thermal project in Rajasthan.

The repayment of the loan is based on the cash flows generated by the sale of
PowerDish-generated electricity to NTPC Vidyut Vyapar Nigam Ltd. (NVVN), the
power trading subsidiary of India's National Thermal Power Corp. The Indian
government has provided special power price incentives to NVVN to promote the
development of 20,000 MW of installed solar power by 2022.

"Ex-Im Bank's support was absolutely essential for providing the long-term
financing needed to move this project forward," said Infinia CEO J.D. Sitton.
"Infinia is at the forefront of developing technologies here in the United
States that outperform traditional solar electricity generation, and we are
grateful to have Ex-Im Bank as a partner helping us to grow our American work
force."

Infinia's PowerDish produces more electricity, uses less space and costs less
money than other solar-power systems by converting concentrated solar energy
into electricity. The PowerDish couples Infinia's free-piston Stirling engine
with a dish-style solar concentrator to produce three kilowatts of grid-quality
AC power. The company was created in 1967 to pioneer new ways to meet customer
needs for heating, cooling and electricity. Its customers have included NASA and
the Department of Energy. Infinia has approximately 145 employees at it
manufacturing facility in Kennewick, Wash.

Ex-Im Bank also authorized a $19 million loan guarantee to PNC Bank in
Pittsburgh, Pa., for a long-term fixed-interest rate loan supporting sales of
thin-film solar modules by First Solar Inc. to a 15-MW solar power plant in the
state of Gujarat.

The loan will be made to the project sponsor, ACME Solar Technology (Gujarat)
Pvt. Ltd., on a limited-recourse project-finance basis. The repayment of the
loan is based on the cash flows generated by the sale of electricity to the
government of Gujarat's power utility company, Gujarat Urja Vikras Nigam Ltd.
The government of Gujarat has created special power price incentives to promote
the expansion of solar power in the state.

First Solar Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries manufacture and sell solar
photovoltaic (PV) modules, and also develop, design, construct, operate and
maintain solar PV electricity-generating facilities. Founded in 1999, the
company is the world's largest manufacturer of thin-film solar modules and has
more than 1,200 employees at its facilities in Perrysburg, Ohio.

About Ex-Im Bank:

Ex-Im Bank is an independent federal agency that helps create and maintain U.S.
jobs by filling gaps in private export financing at no cost to American
taxpayers. The Bank provides a variety of financing mechanisms, including
working capital guarantees, export-credit insurance, and financing to help
foreign buyers purchase U.S. goods and services.

By charging fees and interest on all loan-related transactions, Ex-Im Bank is
self-sustaining and is able to cover all operation costs and potential losses
while also producing revenue. The Bank has generated $3.4 billion for U.S.
taxpayers over the past five years.

In fiscal year 2010, Ex-Im Bank authorized a record high of approximately $24.5
billion in loans, guarantees and insurance (including more than $5 billion in
authorizations for small businesses), supporting an estimated 230,000 American
jobs.

During the first quarter of fiscal year 2011, the Bank approved $8 billion in
total financing authorizations, supporting nearly $9.3 billion in U.S. export
sales. These sales will support approximately 66,000 American jobs in
communities across the country Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              257 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright (c) 2011 by the State Bar of Michigan
                              Michigan Bar Journal

                                 January, 2011

                              Michigan Bar Journal

                               90 MI Bar Jnl. 27

LENGTH: 2803 words

ENERGY LAW: "GREEN" TAX INCENTIVES: A GUIDE TO FEDERAL AND MICHIGAN INCENTIVES
FOR CLEAN ENERGY AND ENERGY EFFICIENCY

By Richard P. Manczak and Jeffrey D. Moss

Richard P. Manczak is a shareholder in Butzel Long's Ann Arbor office. Mr.
Manczak is a transactional attorney long active in the renewable energy and
clean technology sectors. He leads the firm's Emerging Technologies and Capital
Formation practice group and co-chairs its Energy and Climate Change practice
group. He is a graduate of Michigan State University (BA and MBA) and the
University of Denver College of Law (JD).

Jeffrey D. Moss is a shareholder in the Bloomfield Hills office of Butzel Long,
where he practices in the areas of federal and state taxation and has an active
transactional and estate planning practice. He is a graduate of Michigan State
University and the University of Michigan Law School and holds an LLM in
taxation from Wayne State University Law School.



The United States consumes more than 20 percent of the energy produced in the
world. It also is responsible for 25 percent of the global greenhouse gas
emissions though accounting for only 4.5 percent of the world population.
Approximately 83 percent of the United States' energy consumption comes from
fossil fuels, 9 percent from nuclear electric power, and 8 percent from
renewable sources.  n1 We import 57 percent of the petroleum we consume.  n2 In
an era of global warming, continued environmental degradation, peaking petroleum
production, war, terrorism, and political instability, it is no wonder that the
United States seeks (yet again) to reduce its dependency on petroleum and
embrace clean and renewable energy sources.

TEXT:

    [*27]

   Government tinkering with energy markets is not new--it dates back to at
least the end of World War I. For most of that time, government policies have
focused on increasing domestic oil and gas reserves and production. Beginning in
the 1970s, however, environmental issues, oil embargoes, and budget deficits
influenced policy to shift in favor of energy efficiency and alternative fuel
sources. Since then, this shift has accelerated as a result of national security
and climate change issues, with growing emphasis on technologies that are both
renewable and clean.

   When intervening in markets, governments have a variety of tools at their
disposal, including tax policy, mandates, and direct subsidy (e.g., grants,
loans, guarantees, etc.). Tax policy can include taxing activities that are to
be discouraged, subsidizing substitute activities, or both. For a variety of
reasons, U.S. tax policy has tended to focus on tax subsidies or incentives.
This article will discuss and summarize some of the more important federal and
Michigan incentives currently available (as of October 2010) for renewable/clean
energy and energy efficiency, with a focus on tax subsidies.

 [*28]  Federal Incentives

Renewable Clean Energy Incentives

Production Tax Credit (PTC)

   Section 45 of the Internal Revenue Code (IRC) provides an income tax credit
for the production of electricity from qualified wind power, solar energy, small
irrigation power, geothermal energy, open-loop and closed-loop biomass
production, municipal solid waste, hydropower production, and marine and
hydrokinetic renewable energy facilities that is sold by the producing party to
an unrelated party. For 2010, the credit was in the amount of 2.2 cents per
kilowatt hour. The credit was also reduced for grants, tax-exempt bonds,
subsidized energy financing, and other credits received by the producer.

Investment Tax Credit (ITC); Grants in Lieu

   For qualified facilities placed in service between 2009 through 2013 (but
2012 for wind facilities), a producer may make an irrevocable election to obtain
a 30 percent investment credit under IRC § 48 rather than claim the PTC. Certain
types of production are excluded from this election. In addition, Section 1603
of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (ARRA) allowed a producer to opt
for a government grant equal to 30 percent of investment costs in lieu of
claiming either the PTC or the ITC in 2009 and 2010. The provision was added by
the ARRA because of the lack of appetite by tax equity investors resulting from
the meltdown of credit markets.

Modified Accelerated Cost Recovery System

   The standard accelerated depreciation provisions of IRC § 168 remain in
effect with most renewable energy properties classified as five-year properties.
An additional bonus depreciation of 50 percent of eligible costs included in the
Economic Stimulus Act of 2008 expired at the end of 2009 and has not been
extended as of this writing.

Renewable Energy Production Incentive

   This incentive payment program complements the PTC. Qualifying systems owned
by state and local governments, tribal governments, municipal utilities, and
cooperatives can receive annual payments of 1.5 cents per kilowatt hour in 1993
dollars, indexed for inflation. The incentive in 2010 was 2.1 cents per kilowatt
hour.

Residential Renewable Energy Tax Credit

   Individual taxpayers are eligible for a personal tax credit equal to 30
percent of the cost of qualified solar-electric, solar hot water, small wind
energy, and geothermal heat pump property. The ARRA extended the applicability
of this credit until December 31, 2016, and eliminated the previous cap of $
2,000.

Federal Grants

   Three major grant programs are available to Native American tribes and rural
communities. The Tribal Energy Grant Program of the Department of Energy (DOE)
provides financial and technical assistance to tribes for the development of
renewable energy projects and energy-efficiency programs. The United States
Department of Agriculture's Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) provides
grants and loan guarantees of up to 25 percent of project cost for the
development of renewable energy systems by agricultural producers and small
rural businesses. Grants are also available to state and local governments,
tribal governments, rural electric co-ops, etc. The USDA's High Energy Cost
Grant Program provides grants to individuals; businesses; and state, local, and
tribal governments to improve energy systems in rural communities that have high
energy costs (275 percent of national average).

   Innumerable technical and research grants are also available through the DOE
and other government agencies, amounting to potentially billions in subsidies.
The reader is directed to www.grants.gov for more information.

Federal Loans and Guarantees

   Several loan and guarantee programs are available for renewable energy
projects. REAP guarantees have been noted above. The DOE's Title XVII loan
guarantee programs (as amended by the ARRA) are the most widely publicized (and
criticized--only 14 guarantees have been issued in five years). The program
focuses on large-scale projects in renewable energy and advanced vehicle
manufacturing, but requires entities to possess a B+ or better credit rating,
thereby making them difficult for new market entrants to obtain. Other programs
include the Clean Renewable Energy Bond (CREB) and Qualified Energy Conservation
Bond (QECB). The CREB program is administered through the IRS under open
solicitations and is available for renewable energy projects in the public
sector. Holders of CREBs receive tax credits (treated as taxable income) in lieu
of interest. For CREBs issued after March 18, 2010, issuers may elect to receive
a refundable tax credit (a direct  [*29]  payment) in lieu of the nonrefundable
tax credit provided to the bondholder. The QECB program is administered by the
states under allocations from the U.S. Treasury. In Michigan, the program is
administered by the Department of Energy, Labor & Economic Growth. It is
available to state, local, and tribal governments and is similar to the CREB
program except for the allocation process. At this time, approximately $ 40
million of Michigan's current QECB allocation has not been awarded.

Energy-Efficiency Programs

   In addition to providing incentives for producing renewable energy, the
federal government has programs to encourage individuals and businesses to
increase their energy efficiency with the goal of reducing energy production.

Energy-Efficient Commercial Buildings Tax Deduction

   Section 136 of the IRC provides a tax deduction ranging from $ 0.30 to $ 1.80
per square foot for building envelope, lighting, HVAC, or hot water systems that
reduce energy costs to meet certain national standards.

Residential Energy-Efficiency Tax Credit

   There is currently a federal tax credit equal to 30 percent of the amount
expended for purchasing new, efficient technologies such as water heaters,
furnaces, boilers, heat pumps, central air conditioners, insulation, windows,
doors, roofs, and fans. The maximum amount of this tax credit for all
technologies placed in service in 2009 or 2010 was $ 1,500. This provision
expired December 31, 2010. There is a bill in Congress currently to extend this
program; however, at the time of this writing, it had not passed.

State of Michigan Incentives

Utility Rebates and Subsidies

   Both DTE Energy and Consumers Energy have enacted pilot programs and
experimental programs that also provide incentives for acquisition and
installation of solar energy systems and other renewable energy-type systems.

Michigan Business Tax Credits

   The Michigan Business Tax (MBT) offers a variety of different credits for
alternative energy. For example, a business that is certified by the NextEnergy
Authority as a qualified "alternative energy technology" business can claim a
credit against the MBT based on the percentage of payroll for employees working
on alternative energy-related research, development, or manufacturing within the
NextEnergy zone. There is also a nonrefundable MBT credit that allows businesses
engaged in qualified alternative energy research, development, or manufacturing
that are not located in the NextEnergy zone to offset portions of MBT liability.
There are other credits for advance battery manufacturing and photovoltaic
manufacturing and developments. These two credits as proposed are refundable
credits, but also require pre-approval from the Michigan Economic Growth
Authority (MEGA) and a level of job creation.

Renewable Energy Renaissance Zones

   In 2006, Michigan enacted legislation to allow MEGA and the Michigan
Strategic Fund, in conjunction with state and local municipalities, to create
Renewable Energy Renaissance Zones for the production of renewable energy such
as solar, wind, biomass, landfill gas, and renewable fuels; most recently, this
legislation was amended to permit the manufacturing of electric batteries. A
renaissance zone allows the producer to be exempt from state and local
taxes--such as real estate tax, personal property tax, and the MBT--for 15
years. This is a significant benefit to encourage development of renewable
energy sources. Recently, electric battery and cell manufacturers such as
Johnson Controls/SAFT and Compact Power, Inc./LG Chem have obtained renaissance
zone status for the construction of large-scale plants in Holland, Michigan.

Property Tax Exemptions

   Michigan has legislation that exempts certain alternative energy personal
property from taxation. The types of property that can be exempted from personal
property taxes include, but are not limited to, PV systems, wind turbines, fuel
cells, and other property used solely for the purposes of research, development,
and manufacturing of alternative energy technologies. Michigan is monitoring the
various types of technologies and does appear to make changes for inclusiveness
to promote alternative energy.

Renewable Portfolio Standards

   In October 2008, Michigan became the 28th state to create a renewable
portfolio standard (RPS).  n3 The RPS established the mandate that 10 percent of
the state's energy come from renewable sources by 2015. In addition, the two
largest utilities--Detroit Edison and Consumers Energy--have additional
obligations to meet interim renewable energy capacity goals by December 31,
2013. Utilities may meet their goals by acquiring renewable energy credits with
or without the associated renewable energy. Types of energy that are included
are solar and solar thermal, biomass, wind, geothermal, municipal solid waste,
landfill gas, existing hydroelectric, wave, and water current.

    [*30]  Along with the RPS standards, Michigan also created a Net Metering
Program, which divided net metering into two different categories for
residential customers. For customers who generate 20 kilowatts or less, a
modified net metering concept will occur when "net excess generation during a
billing period may be carried over to the next billing period at either the
monthly average real time marginal price or the utility's retail rate."
Customers who generate more than 20 kilowatts will be eligible for true net
metering in the sense that the power they generate and the power they use will
offset each other in real time. The utility is required to use the customer's
existing meter if it is capable of reverse registration or may install an
upgraded meter at no additional cost to the net metering customer. If a utility
has fewer than one million customers, it may charge the net metering customer
at-cost for an upgraded meter.

Pending and Proposed Legislation

   The ARRA, passed in 2009, was an expansive piece of legislation aimed in part
at promoting the production of energy from renewable energy sources. Since
February 2009, a plethora of different bills was introduced in the U.S. House
and Senate that would extend many of these incentives or increase them to make
more projects economically viable. On September 14, 2010, HR 6121, called the
Renewable Energy Investment Incentive Act of 2010. was introduced in the House
of Representatives, which quite simply extends to 2019 most of the incentives,
including the PTC, the ITC, and the grant, in lieu of credits. This legislation,
if passed, would provide utilities and project developers with sufficient
comfort that they could continue to plan additional projects that could begin
three to five years from now, and provide the markets with sufficient time to
create and plan appropriate projects. HR 6117 was also introduced on September
14 and was passed in the House, creating another set of clean-energy renewable
bonds that would provide for a source of financing for large-scale projects.
Other bills passed in the House include HR 5856, Waste to Energy Technology Act
of 2010; HR 5805, Thermal Renewable Energy and Efficiency Act of 2010; and HR
5792, Manufacturer Renewable Energy Systems. On September 29, 2010, SB 3935, the
proposed Advanced Energy Tax Incentives Act, was introduced in the Senate. This
proposed act appears to be the most comprehensive of the possible legislation,
expanding building and energy-efficiency incentives, promoting thermal energy
and vehicle efficiency, providing additional credits for advanced energy
manufacturing, providing new incentives for energy storage, and more.

   At the time of this writing, we do not know which, if any, of this
legislation will pass before year end or will be introduced again in the future.
We are also not sure which types of renewable energy will ultimately be the
major source of energy in the United States. We do applaud and encourage all
efforts to develop alternative sources of energy that are renewable and clean
for the benefit of future generations.

Summary

   Whether this elaborate system of federal and state tax subsidies and
incentives is the most efficient intervention in energy markets is an open
question and the appropriate subject of another article.  n4 We do support
efforts to encourage the research, development, and manufacture of renewable
energy in the United States. Others may argue, especially in light of current
deficits, that our tax policy should also include a tax on coal-produced
electricity and increases in gasoline and diesel fuel taxes or a broader-based
carbon tax to discourage on a marginal basis the consumption of fossil fuels.
These policies might also promote efficiency and conservation rather than
encourage more energy production. It is argued that these policies would be more
efficient and produce fewer economic distortions and contradictions (e.g., by
lowering the cost of energy consumption, tax subsidies for renewable energy
stimulate energy demand inconsistent with the goals of energy efficiency).  n5
Moreover, subsidy systems are subject to abuse and unintended consequences. One
has only to note that the primary beneficiaries of the unconventional fuel and
alcohol fuel subsidies of the 1990s and 2000s were, contrary to the
policymakers' intent, existing coal producers and suppliers and the paper pulp
industry.  n6 It is clear that we will continue to see lots of changes in the
technology for energy development consumption and the taxes and subsidies
related to the development of energy.

FAST FACTS

By 2015, 10 percent of Michigan's energy must come from renewable sources.

Nationwide, 8 percent of energy produced is renewable source energy, but in
Michigan we are below 5 percent renewable.

In additional to federal tax credits, Michigan offers commercial and residential
credits and incentives to encourage more efficient uses of energy.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Energy & Utilities LawConservationGeneral OverviewEnergy & Utilities LawSolar &
Biomass IndustriesEnergy & Utilities LawTaxation

GRAPHIC:
ILLUSTRATIONS 1 through 3, no caption

FOOTNOTE-1:





n1  U.S. Energy Information Administration, Annual Energy Review 2009
(Washington, DC: 2010).





n2  Id.





n3  MCL 460.1021 et seq.





n4  See Sherlock, Energy Tax Policy: Historical Perspectives on and Current
Status of Energy Tax Expenditures, BNA Daily Tax Report (May 7, 2010).





n5  Id.





n6  Id.


                              258 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Sheerness Times Guardian

                                  May 9, 2012

Loans up to £50k on offer to help community groups

LENGTH: 349  words


by Hayley Robinson

hrobinson@thekmgroup.co.uk

LOANS are being offered by Swale council to groups, organisations or individuals
to fund work that will benefit the community.

A total of £250,000 is being made available through the Swale local loan fund.

It will be used to support voluntary, community or not for profit organisations
and town and parish councils to help them manage and deliver local services and
facilities.

There are three types of loans available: small - £1,000 to £5,000; medium -
£5,000 to £20,000; large - £20,000 to £50,000.

Organisations can apply for more than one loan but up to a maximum of £50,000.

Interest will be linked to the Bank of England base rate, which is currently
0.5%, and repayments will be made monthly by direct debit.

To ensure that applicants can afford the repayments the council will want to see
a business plan, at least a year's worth of audited accounts, a reference from
the bank plus details of the surety or guarantees.

New organisations unable to meet the requirements would have to provide a
capital asset or equivalent for the loan to be issued against.

Recovered

If repayments are not met, sums owing will be recovered from the surety or
guarantees. Defaulters will be pursued through the courts and bailiffs if
necessary.

A consultation was undertaken by the council between January 4 to March 2 this
year to find out if those the fund was targeted at would consider applying.

Out of 11 responses three parish councils said they felt the scheme was
positive. Others raised concerns about the risk of defaults on loan repayments.

Cabinet members agreed to set up the loan fund when they met at Swale House in
East Street, Sittingbourne, last month.

It will run until March 31, 2013. Subject to a review of year one a further
£250,000 will be made available from April 1, 2013 - March 31, 2014.

It's hoped the loans will complement Kent County Council's Kent Big Society Fund
which provides loan financing to support existing and newly created social
enterprises that benefit the local community.

* Details of how to apply for a loan will be released shortly

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Kent Messenger Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              259 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                              May 17, 2004, Monday

Indian businesses 'not making use of government funds'

SECTION: Nation; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 405 words


JOHOR BARU, Sun. - The Government has a lot to offer non-Bumiputeras by
way of loan schemes and training programmes but Indian entrepreneurs are
not availing themselves of these facilities.

Entrepreneur Development and Co-operatives Minister Datuk Mohamed Khaled
Nordin, addressing Johor Indian traders here last night, said although
funds were readily available, the take-up rate from the community was
negligible.

"Several loan schemes, which were previously exclusively for
Bumiputeras, are now open to all races. But the number of applications
received, especially from Indians, is very small.

"We have even opened Mara skills training colleges to non-Bumiputeras.
But again, the number of Indians applying for courses is small," he said
at the 10th anniversary banquet of the Johor Indian Business Association
(Jiba).

Khaled made the point in response to a call by Jiba adviser Dr S.
Sivamoorthy for the Government to formulate a national agenda to help
Indian businesses.

The minister said one of the avenues available under his ministry was
the credit guarantee loan scheme for petty traders, which offered between
RM10,000 and RM50,000 per applicant.

"This is open to all races and the money is disbursed through the Credit
Guarantee Corporation. We have approved some RM14.7 million in loans for
436 Indian applicants up to Feb 29 this year," he said.

He said another facility was the Graduate Entrepreneur Fund, under which
qualified individuals could seek funding of between RM20,000 and RM250,000
for their business ventures. The ministry's franchise scheme, he added,
also offered loans of up to a maximum of RM7.5 million.

"Up to February this year, we received only five applications from
Indians and all of them were successful," he said.

Khaled hoped Jiba and other Indian-based groups would help promote these
schemes among their community as the Government wished all races to
benefit from the strong economy.

He commended Jiba on its economic development programmes, saying the
ministry supported these initiatives and would assist where it could.

At the event, awards were presented to 24 individuals for their
outstanding services to the Indian community.

Jiba, which started off as a non-governmental organisation in 1993, has
over 1,100 members today. It has established the Malaysian Indian Business
Association, which has branches in all states.


LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2004 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad


                              260 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Minnesota Lawyer (Minneapolis, MN)

                                February 2, 2009

Help is on the way: In Minnesota, programs at the county, city level can be a
key source of funding

BYLINE: Dan Emerson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 971  words


In January, 2006, Eveland's, Inc., a successful manufacturer of travel trailers
based in Backus, Minn., suddenly found itself starting over. A fire had
destroyed the company's office and manufacturing facility, along with inventory,
tools and molds.

By year's end, Eveland's had made "a pretty remarkable recovery," moving into a
new, 37,000-square-foot facility, with new equipment, according to company
President Kent Eveland. The quick recovery was made possible by three loans the
company obtained with the help of the Cass County Economic Development Corp.
(EDC), one of about 40 similar, county-based agencies in Minnesota.

The Cass County EDC is a community non profit providing confidential assistance
to businesses wanting to locate or expand in the county. It's also one of 22
satellite sites for the Minnesota Department of Employment and Economic
Development's (DEED) Small Business Development Center.

Services include business counseling, marketing assistance and loan packaging,
including structured business and marketing plans, month by month cash flow
projections, collateral analysis, and loan structuring.

Along with economic development funds, loan packages may also include tax
increment financing, tax abatement, and Job Opportunity Building Zone (JOBZ)
assistance.

For small entrepreneurs like Kent Eveland, one of the most useful functions EDCs
perform is helping arrange so-called "bridge" loans.

"When you have a major loss, insurance usually only covers a fraction of the
cost," Eveland said. "And a bank can only lend you about as much as they project
they could recover if something happened to your business. So there's a gap
between what they can lend and what you need. "

In 2006, the county EDC helped Eveland obtain loans through the First National
Bank of Walker (from the state Department of Employment and Economic
Development's Minnesota Investment Fund), the Initiative Foundation in Little
Falls, and from the City of Backus' own economic development fund.

Small but crucial loans

There are six regional Initiative Foundations in outstate Minnesota, created by
the St. Paul-based McKnight Foundation in 1986. Providing grants and loans to
support economic development is one of their primary missions.

"We calculated what the complete project would cost, including equipment and
molds," Eveland explained. "After the inclusion of our insurance money and the
funds we already had in the business, we needed another $1.6 million. The bank
decided they could lend us $1.2 million after our new building was appraised.
Then the City of Backus and the Initiative Foundation split the remainder at
about $204,000 each. "

Another benefit: "The city loan becomes a revolving loan," Eveland pointed out.
"The bank can reinvest in the local community as we pay it back. So it also
benefits the community.

"What the county EDC is really good at is doing the paperwork and getting
everything done correctly," he said. And when three different lenders and
several government agencies are involved, paperwork is no small factor.

Over time, the functions performed by county economic development corporations
have become more varied and complex, according to Gail Leverson, executive
director of the Cass County EDC. "The nature of the business has changed, with
more regulation, more incentives available and less federal and state government
involvement in funding economic development. So businesses need someone like us
who can keep abreast of all the changes in incentive programs, and piece
projects together using the different tools. "

In working with small businesses to provide financing from the low five-figures
to $5 million, "we promote ourselves as technical assistance provider who can
also provide 'hand holding' from the time somebody calls me with a good business
idea," Leverson explained.

Crossing the bridge

About half of the 87 Minnesota counties have economic development agencies,
either as public entities or as 501-C3 non-profit corporations, according to
Chris Eng, president of the Minnesota Association of Professional County
Economic Developers, and executive director of the Chisago County HRA-EDA. Some
counties or cities choose to create non-profits because the law allows them to
sell memberships - often to community banks or public utilities - to raise
funds. Also, nonprofits can provide confidential assistance to businesses,
without public scrutiny.

Others EDCs receive funding from the cities or counties in which they are
located.

The county and city development agencies are a relatively recent phenomenon,
according to Eng, dating back to the 1980s, when "some cities and counties
realized they were in need of economic development expertise. " One of the
county agencies' primary functions is helping cities which don't have their own
economic developers, as in Chisago County, where Eng and his agency serve 10 of
the county's 11 cities.

For small businesses in need of growth or operating capital, bridge lending is
one of the most important functions of county, regional and local economic
development agencies, said Mel Aanerud, assistant director of the Minneapolis
Small Business Administration (SBA) office. "Often, banks are unwilling to make
small business loans, even with the (85 percent) SBA guarantee unless someone
else will do a bridge loan. "

When a bank does line up another entity to provide a bridge loan. "We recommend
to banks that they include it as part of the loan package they send us. So that
guarantee can be prorated back to whoever is doing the bridge loan. "

Another way other entities become involved is the SBA's requirement that 10
percent of any 504 loan must come from some non federal source, he explained.
"Sometimes, that might be equity injections, but it can also be borrowed from a
city or county EDC, or Initiative Fund," said Aanerud.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              261 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                             October 6, 2014 Monday

Cool Planet secures $91m loan guarantee for Louisiana biofuel plant

SECTION: BIOMASS; Government and Public Interest

LENGTH: 183 words



HIGHLIGHT: Cool Planet Energy Systems has secured $91m loan guarantee from the
US Department of Agriculture (USDA) to help finance advanced biofuel facility in
Rapides Parish, Louisiana.


Located at the Port of Alexandria, construction of the facility will commence in
early 2016 and is expected to generate renewable fuels by converting wood chips
into high octane gasoline and aromatic blendstocks.



The facility will also produce a co-product, known as CoolTerra, to enable
agricultural producers to retain water and nutrients in soil in order to
increase crop yields.

Cool Planet will contribute $50m in the plant, which also has investors
including Google Ventures, BP, Conoco Philips, GE, Exelon and NRG Energy.

USDA Secretary Tom Vilsack said: "This partnership is the latest example of the
Obama Administration's continuing support for innovative, home-grown energy
sources.

"USDA's support for renewable energy projects like this helps create jobs in
rural areas, promotes U.S. energy independence, and leads to further expansion
of the growing and increasingly significant bioeconomy."

USDA has recently issued a conditional commitment on a $105m loan guarantee to
Fulcrum Sierra Biofuels to construct a biorefinery in Nevada to generate
renewable jet fuel from municipal solid waste.

LOAD-DATE: October 07, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              262 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                            November 7, 2004 Sunday

City may give lift to business On the Web: <a
"http://www.totallykids.com">www.totallykids.com&lt;/a>

BYLINE: DAVID SCHWARTZ Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 597 words


SAN BERNARDINO The city is likely to set aside $250,000 to expand a care
facility for severely needy children, despite concerns of tying up tax dollars
with a for-profit company.

A split City Council shot down a proposal on Monday that would use the Community
Development Block Grant money as a loan guarantee so that Totally Kids could
expand.

That amount could rise to as much as $1million over 25 years, taken from a fund
that is often used for code-enforcement efforts, to pay leases on fire trucks
and fund city nonprofits.

Mayor Judith Valles vowed to bring the item back at the Nov. 15 council meeting.
Councilman Gordon McGinnis, who missed Monday's vote because of work, said
Friday that he wanted to set the money aside for Totally Kids.

"They're a great organization,' he said. "They're doing some fantastic things
for kids who normally wouldn't have an opportunity at life.'

McGinnis' vote would make four council votes in support of Valles' effort, the
necessary majority. Council members Rikke Van Johnson, Neil Derry and Esther
Estrada voted for the item on Monday.

Opponents worry that this is a harbinger of city-financed loans to profit-making
companies, a common practice before Valles' administration.

"We had millions and millions that went uncollectable,' said Councilwoman Wendy
McCammack. "I hope the community doesn't see this as not taking care of the
youth services. I hope they see it as a protection of tax dollars.'

Opponents are careful to applaud Totally Kids' mission to take care of severely
disabled kids and say that if it was a nonprofit company, they'd have no problem
with the loan.

Yet McCammack, as well as Councilman Chas Kelley, Councilwoman Susan Lien
Longville and City Attorney James F. Penman, point out that the four principal
partners have $25million in assets between them, according to a city staff
report.

McCammack said that the money could better be used by nonprofits that help kids.

"The catalyst for me was when an organization like San Bernardino Communities
Against Drugs has to go under because they couldn't raise enough charitable
funds anymore,' she said.

A prior request for a $1.5million loan guarantee has been scaled back. The
Inland Valley Economic Development Agency, which the city is a part of, will
also be asked for a loan guarantee.

Valles said that there are multiple benefits for helping Totally Kids expand.
First, it would provide a service for children that are often overlooked.
Second, it would provide a training ground for nurses and medical staff, adding
to the city's economic base.

"Yes, the owners are, on paper, apparently financially wealthy,' Valles said.
"But I know very well on paper you may be financially wealthy, but your liquid
assets may not be as great.'

Totally Kids cares for children that are born prematurely, have congenital birth
defects, respiratory diseases or suffer from serious head injuries and seizure
disorders. Many of its patients are also hooked up to tubes to keep them alive.

Doug Padgett, president of Mountain View Child Care, which operates Totally
Kids, declined to be interviewed for this article. On Monday, though, he said
that Totally Kids is financially stable and he expects it to pay back the city
loan well before the 25-year deadline.

McGinnis, who has toured the facility, said it is at capacity and would use the
money to fund a $2million loan so it can expand.

"This is a very minimal amount of money to participate in getting a company get
over the hump, to get this project going,' McGinnis said.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2004 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                              263 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                            November 7, 2004 Sunday

SB might give lift to business

BYLINE: DAVID SCHWARTZ, Staff Writer

SECTION: SUNDAY'S BEST

LENGTH: 598 words


SAN BERNARDINO - The city is likely to set aside $250,000 to expand a care
facility for severely needy children, despite concerns of tying up tax dollars
with a for-profit company.

A split City Council shot down a proposal on Monday that would use the Community
Development Block Grant money as a loan guarantee so that Totally Kids could
expand.

That amount could rise to as much as $1 million over 25 years, taken from a fund
that is often used for code-enforcement efforts, to pay leases on fire trucks
and fund city nonprofits.

Mayor Judith Valles vowed to bring the item back at the Nov. 15 council meeting.
Councilman Gordon McGinnis, who missed Monday's vote because of work, said
Friday that he wanted to set the money aside for Totally Kids.

"They're a great organization,' he said. "They're doing some fantastic things
for kids who normally wouldn't have an opportunity at life.'

McGinnis' vote would make four council votes in support of Valles' effort, the
necessary majority. Council members Rikke Van Johnson, Neil Derry and Esther
Estrada voted for the item on Monday.

Opponents worry that this is a harbinger of city-financed loans to profit-making
companies, a common practice before Valles' administration.

"We had millions and millions that went uncollectable,' said Councilwoman Wendy
McCammack. "I hope the community doesn't see this as not taking care of the
youth services. I hope they see it as a protection of tax dollars.'

Opponents are careful to applaud Totally Kids' mission to take care of severely
disabled kids and say that if it was a nonprofit company, they'd have no problem
with the loan.

Yet McCammack, as well as Councilman Chas Kelley, Councilwoman Susan Lien
Longville and City Attorney James F. Penman, point out that the four principal
partners have $25 million in assets between them, according to a city staff
report.

McCammack said that the money could better be used by nonprofits that help kids.

"The catalyst for me was when an organization like San Bernardino Communities
Against Drugs has to go under because they couldn't raise enough charitable
funds anymore,' she said.

A prior request for a $1.5 million loan guarantee has been scaled back. The
Inland Valley Economic Development Agency, which the city is a part of, will
also be asked for a loan guarantee.

Valles said that there are multiple benefits for helping Totally Kids expand.
First, it would provide a service for children that are often overlooked.
Second, it would provide a training ground for nurses and medical staff, adding
to the city's economic base.

"Yes, the owners are, on paper, apparently financially wealthy,' Valles said.
"But I know very well on paper you may be financially wealthy, but your liquid
assets may not be as great.'

Totally Kids cares for children that are born prematurely, have congenital birth
defects, respiratory diseases or suffer from serious head injuries and seizure
disorders. Many of its patients are also hooked up to tubes to keep them alive.

Doug Padgett, president of Mountain View Child Care, which operates Totally
Kids, declined to be interviewed for this article. On Monday, though, he said
that Totally Kids is financially stable and he expects it to pay back the city
loan well before the 25-year deadline.

McGinnis, who has toured the facility, said it is at capacity and would use the
money to fund a $2 million loan so it can expand.

"This is a very minimal amount of money to participate in getting a company get
over the hump, to get this project going,' McGinnis said.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2004 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                              264 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

AMBAC, Alexander To Jointly Guarantee Bank Loans to Cities For Self-Insurance

                            January 2, 1987, Friday

By George Yacik


AMBAC Indemnity Corp. and Alexander & Alexander Inc., the insurance brokerage
firm, announced Wednesday they will jointly guarantee bank loans to
municipalities that borrow money to pay liability claims.

The new product, called the municipal liability claims funding program, will
guarantee annually renewable lines of credit with local banks that
municipalities may draw on to pay their claims. The two firms call the program
an alternative to municipalities' selling bonds to fund their liability
self-insurance needs.

Several municipal entities this year have sold bonds to raise pools of cash in
the event of a liability claim because either they could not get sufficient
insurance coverage from a private carrier or that coverage was too expensive.

In a joint press release, Michael K. White, president and chief executive
officer of Alexander & Alexander, and H. Russell Fraser, president and chief
executive officer of AMBAC, said the new program ''can be more cost-effective
than municipal bonds. Use of the facility is at the discretion of the municipal
entity and is only drawn down if needed.''

The program, they added, ''helps communities meet their specific funding needs
through a cooperative effort with local financial institutions rather than by
forcing them into the framework of existing financial products.''

Using the municipal liability claims funding program, banks will be able to
provide municipalities with guaranteed lines of credit ranging from $2 million
to $50 million per year. The terms and conditions of each line will be
determined by the individual bank and AMBAC.

''Local banks have the ability to make funds available to offer municipal
entities lower commitment fees and interest rates as a result of the loan
guarantee,'' Mr. Fraser said. ''In addition, banks should be more likely to
lengthen the maturity of the loan facility while relying on AMBAC's underwriting
expertise.''

Merry K. Anderson, first vice president of marketing at AMBAC, said the company
was ''emphatically not'' getting into the liability insurance business.

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 352 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1987 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                              265 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                            February 8, 2011 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Saskatoon nursing home deal causing rural pain for Sask. Party

BYLINE: Murray Mandryk, The Leader-Post

SECTION: VIEWPOINTS; Murray Mandryk; Pg. B9

LENGTH: 707  words


When the NDP caucus started hammering the Saskatchewan Party during last
spring's session on the issue of the Amicus nursing home, the Opposition clearly
hoped to achieve a more immediate result.

The story of the untendered contract to build a Saskatoon nursing home that went
to a construction firm owned by a large Sask. Party donor seemed to have the
elements of a scandal right out of the Grant Devine era.

Veteran New Democrat Pat Atkinson spoke of an "odour" wafting around the private
100bed, long-term health-care facility. The agreement between the Saskatoon
Health Region and Amicus Health Care Inc., a subsidiary of the Catholic Health
Ministry of Saskatchewan, sees Amicus receive what the NDP described as a loan
guarantee from the provincial government.

For added measure, the NDP tossed in the fact that the project gets to charge a
larger-than-normal daily bed fee to make the project more viable and pointed to
a few political ties between those working on the Amicus project and family
members who are heavyweights in the Sask. Party.

But notwithstanding the NDP's persistence on the issue virtually every day when
the legislature resumed last fall, the Amicus 'scandal' never really took hold.

This wasn't necessarily because this was an "innovative pilot project . . . a
full arm's length removed from government," as Health Minister Don McMorris
repeatedly claimed. It just didn't contain the two most critical elements of a
scandal -concrete evidence of some friend or supporter receiving personal gain
or any massive waste of taxpayers' dollars.

But while Amicus hasn't rendered the instant political

reward the NDP had hoped for, the Opposition's persistence may be paying
political dividends for another reason. The Sask. Party government's favoured
approach to Amicus is an interesting contrast compared with rural communities
that aren't quite getting the same favourable treatment when it comes to funding
their hospital and nursing home projects.

And that unpleasant contrast became evident at last week's Saskatchewan Urban
Municipalities Association (SUMA) annual convention, when Health Minister Don
McMorris was again asked about the 65-35 per cent cost-sharing formula in which
rural communities are forced to locally raise more than a third of the cost of
any new hospital or nursing home.

McMorris raised the possibility of his government moving to a slightly more
equitable 80-20 split in which local communities would only have raise one-fifth
of the costs. This is obviously good news for those small communities that for
the past two decades have relied on everything from bake sales to local kids
turning over their 4-H beef winnings to raise money to pay the local 35-percent
share.

But in a later scrum with reporters McMorris called any decision on the issue "a
long ways" off and could offer no insight into how such a decision might impact
communities that have already raised -or are still paying off -their 35-per-cent
share.

Even less helpful to McMorris's own cause was his suggestion that while some
communities are clamouring for a break by reducing their share to 20 per cent,
other communities actually like paying their 35-per-cent share because it
affords them a greater sense of pride and ownership in the facility.

If so, there surely can't be much of a sense of pride and ownership in the
Amicus deal, which -if nothing else -is certainly laced with a lot of special
considerations that rural communities aren't currently getting and still won't
get even if the government assumes 80 per cent of the cost of building local
nursing homes and hospitals.

So why, McMorris was asked, would Amicus receive a 100-per-cent loan guarantee
and other considerations like higher bed rates from the government when rural
communities have to do considerable fundraising?

Well, it's because the Amicus facility is a new, additional nursing home and not
just one replacing some decrepit facility, the minister explained. Exactly why a
rural facility in desperate need of replacement would be meritorious of less
government support than the Amicus project is a bit of a puzzler.

But it might just be a question some in rural Saskatchewan are beginning to ask
as well.

- Mandryk is the Leader-Post political columnist.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2011 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              266 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                             June 25, 2011 Saturday

What went wrong?;
Etobicoke's state-of-the-art arena complex enjoyed high demand, pro support,
even a naming-rights deal.

BYLINE: Robyn Doolittle Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. GT1

LENGTH: 1744 words


Two dozen members of the Lakeshore Lions Club were scattered throughout the
crowd that morning on Sept. 8, 2009.

A beaming Brian Burke walked to the podium as cameras flashed. The Lions looked
on, marveling at what they done.

Ten years earlier, the volunteer group had wanted to add a second ice pad to
their humble rink in south Etobicoke. Now, they were unveiling a $44 million,
state-of-the-art, 260,000-square-foot, four-rink complex that Burke, general
manager of the Toronto Maple Leafs, would dub the "Cadillac" of training
facilities.

The MasterCard Centre for Hockey Excellence was the city's first new rink in
more than a quarter-century. And the Lions had done it without a cent of
government funding, only a city-guaranteed loan.

Less than two years later, the Lions are in imminent danger of losing
everything.

City staff predict they will shortly be in default. The mayor's executive
committee voted Monday to take over the building, strip the Lions' name from it
and rescind a promise to help fund their charity children's camp.

The Lions need to be punished, argued Councillor David Shiner. Mayor Rob Ford
said he was "furious" and regretted voting to support the project.

How had things gone so bad, so fast?

The city had approved the business plan, with staff involved at every stage. The
Leafs, Marlies, Hockey Hall of Fame and MasterCard were partners. Ice rentals
and naming rights revenues were "slightly better" than projected.

The reasons for the unraveling are complicated. A city staff report blames a
spike in interest rates and delays in "maximizing commercial opportunities." But
at its core, this is a story about a volunteer community group pushed in over
its head by the city, the sports community and its own ambition.

Lakeshore Lions president John Cherrie calls this week's decision upsetting.
"The punitive nature of that motion, removing the name and the removal of the
agreed $50,000 that would be put towards the children's camp we've run for years
- for kids that can't afford camp - it makes me sad," he said.

The Lions recently celebrated their 80th anniversary. Over the past 50 years,
the group has put $3.5 million into the community. At the unveiling event, it
presented five $1,000 cheques to local schools in need of sports funding.

"That is what we're about," Cherrie said.

He declined to comment further about the arena controversy. But a clearer
picture emerged in interviews with former club members, individuals involved
with the project and city officials.

The financial woes, it seems, began early and piled up. By the time the parties
understood the gravity of the situation, they were in too deep. When the rink
opened its doors, even the best-case scenario had the Lions teetering on the
edge.

The story begins in 1949, the year New Toronto, later to become south Etobicoke,
asked the Lions to build a single-rink arena on town land. The rink was a
financial success, but couldn't meet demand. In the late 1990s, the Lions began
thinking about adding a second.

Then-councillor Irene Jones encouraged them to think bigger. An adjacent lot
owned by the public school board could support a larger complex. A land swap was
possible.

Now the Lions were thinking three rinks.

A business consultant determined an even larger facility would be more
cost-effective. More ice pads meant more ice rentals, making it easier to pay
down debt. The sports community, starved for ice, was pressuring the Lions to go
big.

And then there were the Leafs. The franchise, which had been practising at the
Lions' rink, wanted a world-class facility. And if they couldn't get it in
Toronto, they were willing to go to Mississauga. "People wanted to make this
arena work," Jones said. "Toronto didn't want to see their team have to go
outside Toronto to practise."

By the early 2000s, the Lions were considering a four-rink, $20 million arena.
The Hockey Hall of Fame got on board. MasterCard was interested. The Etobicoke
Dolphins women's hockey league was interested.

"South Etobicoke had been neglected for years," Jones said. "My thinking at the
time was: If the Lions club can move forward and make a success of a four-pad
arena, the worst thing that happens is that the city has a brand new,
state-of-the-art facility that would not have been built otherwise. At worst,
south Etobicoke is home to one of the best rinks in the country."

The city got involved officially in 2003, the school board the following year.
The Lions worked on the plan with the city for three years.

"This took way longer to get approved than it should have," said former school
board chair Bruce Davis. Meanwhile, the cost of materials was rising.

Council finally approved the business plan in fall 2006 and agreed to back a $29
million loan. Davis believes they should have gone further. "These guys had the
moxie and entrepreneurial spirit to make this happen. . . The city could have
and should have put in $5 million or $8 million. Today, the economics would be
totally different," he said.

By the next year, inflation had driven costs up 5 per cent more. A heat recovery
system added $4 million. The Lions hoped council would approve the final number
- a total of $33 million - in April. It didn't happen until September. By the
time the final contract was ready, costs had gone up again.

The city was already on the hook for the loan guarantee when the project hit
another snag: With the club already over budget, the city and bank refused to
allow the planned $300,000 restaurant to be built on the second floor.

The Lions believed the eatery, overlooking all four rinks, could generate
several hundred thousand dollars a year. Losing it "is what killed us," said a
former member.

Since 2009, interest on the loan has jumped from 2.25 per cent to 3 per cent.
Even though the arena has hit its targets for ice rentals and fees - MasterCard
pays $525,000 a year to display its logo on the building - the rate hike
strained an already fragile budget.

Also, a portion of the Lions' loan was locked into a floating interest rate. A
common practice in construction financing, according to corporate finance
director Len Brittain, is an arrangement with interest-only payments and no set
schedule for repaying the principal.

"For the purposes of paying off the principal, a share of the net operating
income of the arena was to be dedicated to the debt repayment each year,"
Brittain said.

Once a year, the lender would execute a "cash sweep" of the club's account for a
principal payment. It was around the time of this cash sweep last December that
city staff began to worry the Lions were at risk of default, Patterson said.

"Minor fluctuations in the rates might have been reasonable for them to manage
if they'd been able to achieve the additional (restaurant) revenues," Patterson
said.

So, was it unreasonable to expect a volunteer group to manage a $45 million
complex? "I think maybe the more appropriate question might be: Is it possible
to build an arena and have it fully financed by debt?" Patterson said. Before
debt payments, she said, the arena brings in $1.6 million annually.

Adds Brittain: "Despite what has happened, the original business case was sound.
There's no question about it."

Many say the Lions' community ties were both an asset and a liability. The arena
hired many of the old arena staff, and new hires were often associated with the
club or staff.

"It's hard because they're such nice people - of course. But there is potential
to generate more revenue if you had the best and brightest working there,
someone with experience running that kind of big operation," said one observer.

Brian Hoskins, past president of the Lions, called that criticism "categorically
wrong." There is a "lineup across the country" to hire manager Paul McCarron, he
said. "He is second to none. MLSE would hire him in a second. We would never
have even thought about embarking on this without Paul."

On Monday, the executive committee agreed to bail out the embattled arena.
Subject to the full council's approval, the city will take control. The cash
problem will be taken care of with a line of credit and the city will seek a new
operator.

Bob Hunter, executive vice president at MLSE, said the company, which runs BMO
Field and Ricoh Coliseum, will compete for the contract. "The Lions did a good
job servicing the Leafs and Marlies," he said. "A four-pad arena; a $40 million
debt service. It's a big business and a big operation, and were they ready to
take that on? I guess they weren't. But again, as tenants we were well taken
care of."

TIMELINE

$19 million

Original plan for a second ice pad,

presented to the local councillor in 2003

$29 million

Loan council was asked to guarantee

in 2006 after years of negotiating design

$35.5 million

Current loan amount guaranteed

by the city

$44 million

Current debt and cost of the project

1931: The Lakeshore Lions Club, a not-for-profit organization run by volunteers,
is founded in Etobicoke.

1951: The Lions begin operating a single-pad rink at Don Russell Memorial Park.

Late 1990s: Lions approach a local councillor about building a second ice pad.
The city is enthusiastic and encourages a four-pad expansion on an adjacent lot,
arguing it's better for the community, cost-effective, and will save parkland.

2003: Discussions begin with city staff.

2004: Toronto District School Board is approached about property it owns at 400
Kipling Ave. The Lions submit a business plan to the city.

2005: Negotiations begin among the Lions, city and TDSB. A land swap is
arranged. The Lions agree to give students free ice. City staff begin working
with the Lions on community consultations, project planning and financing.

2006: The city agrees to guarantee $29 million loan.

2009: Council increases the loan guarantee by $5 million after construction
costs balloon. By year's end, 20 construction firms have filed liens against the
project.

September 2009: The nearly 300,000-square-foot, state-of-the-art complex opens
on schedule. Hailed as the "Cadillac of training facilities" by Leafs GM Brian
Burke.

Late 2010: City staff conclude the Lions will default on their loans within the
next two years without intervention.

June 2011: Executive committee agrees to take over, stripping the Lions logo
from the building as punishment, except for a commemorative plaque.

July 2011: Issue will go to city council. If approved, the city will get the
operation back on its feet and then seek an outside operator, with the intention
of selling at some point.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Despite living up to its strong business case, the Lakeshore Lions'
MasterCard Centre arena has landed in deep financial difficulties. The four-pad
arena, built without government funding, has met its ice-rental targets, but the
loss of a planned restaurant cut into expected revenues. RICK EGLINTON/TORONTO
STAR RICK EGLINTON/ TORONTO STAR

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2011 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              267 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 30, 2016 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Submission for OMB Review; Comment Request Pages 59599 - 59600
[FR DOC # 2016-20725]

LENGTH: 1475  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Utility Service Submission for OMB Review;
Comment Request August 24, 2016. The Department of Agriculture has submitted the
following information collection requirement(s) to Office of Management and
Budget (OMB) for review and clearance under the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995,
Public Law 104-13. Comments are requested regarding (1) whether the collection
of information is necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the
agency, including whether the information will have practical utility; (2) the
accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden including the validity of the
methodology and assumptions used; (3) ways to enhance the quality, utility and
clarity of the information to be collected; (4) ways to minimize the burden of
the collection of information on those who are to respond, including through the
use of appropriate automated, electronic, mechanical, or other technological
collection techniques or other forms of information technology. Comments
regarding this information collection received by September 29, 2016 will be
considered. Written comments should be addressed to: Desk Officer for
Agriculture, Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management
and Budget (OMB), New Executive Office Building, 725 17th Street NW.,
Washington, DC 20502. Commenters are encouraged to submit their comments to OMB
via email to:

OIRA_Submission@OMB.EOP.GOV or fax (202) 395-5806 and to Departmental Clearance
Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC 20250- 7602. Copies of the
submission(s) may be obtained by calling (202) 720- 8958. An agency may not
conduct or sponsor a collection of information unless the collection of
information displays a currently valid OMB control number and the agency informs
potential persons who are to respond to the collection of information that such
persons are not required to respond to the collection of information unless it
displays a currently valid OMB control number. Rural Utilities Service Title:
Preloan Procedures and Requirements for Telecommunications Program. OMB Control
Number: 0572-0079. Summary of Collection: The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) is a
credit agency of the U.S. Department of Agriculture. It makes mortgage loans and
loan guarantees to finance telecommunications, electric, and water and waste
facilities in rural areas with a loan portfolio that totals nearly $58 billion.
RUS manages loan programs in accordance with the Rural Electrification Act of
1936, 7 U.S.C. 901 et. seq. as amended, (RE Act). Section 201 of the RE Act
authorizes the Administrator to make loans to qualified telephone companies for
the purpose of providing telephone service to the widest practicable number of
rural subscribers. Need and Use of the Information: RUS will collect information
using several forms to determine an applicant's eligibility to borrow from RUS
under the terms of the RE Act. The information is also used to determine that
the Government's security for loans made by RUS are reasonably adequate and that
the loans will be repaid within the time agreed. Without the information, RUS
could not effectively monitor each borrower's compliance with the loan terms and
conditions to properly ensure continued loan security. Description of
Respondents: Business or other for-profit; Not-for- profit institutions. Number
of Respondents: 18. Frequency of Responses: Reporting: On occasion. Total Burden
Hours: 4,687. Rural Utilities Service Title: RUS Form 444, ``Wholesale Power
Contracts.'' OMB Control Number: 0572-0089. Summary of Collection: The Rural
Electrification Act of 1936 (RE Act) as amended (7 U.S.C. 901 et seq.),
authorizes the Rural Utilities Service (RUS) to make and guarantee loans in the
States and Territories of the United States that will enable rural consumers to
obtain electric power. Rural consumers formed non-profit electric distribution
cooperatives, groups of these distribution cooperatives banded together to form
Generation and Transmission cooperatives (G &T's) that generate or purchase
power and transmit the power to the distribution systems. All RUS and G&T
borrowers [[Page 59600]] will enter into a Wholesale Power Contract with their
distribution members by using RUS Form 444, as adapted to meet the needs of the
borrower. Need and Use of the Information: To fulfill the purposes of the RE Act
RUS will collect information to improve the credit quality and credit worthiness
of loans and loan guarantees to G&T borrowers. RUS works closely with lending
institutions that provide supplemental loan funds to borrowers. If the
information were not collected, RUS could not determine whether Federal security
interest would be adequately protected. Description of Respondents: Not-for
profit institutions; Business or other for-profit. Number of Respondents: 13.
Frequency of Responses: Reporting: On occasion. Total Burden Hours: 78. Rural
Utilities Service Title: 7 CFR 1703, Subparts D, E, F, and G, Distance Learning
and Telemedicine Loan and Grant Program. OMB Control Number: 0572-0096. Summary
of Collection: The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) is a credit agency of the
Department of Agriculture and is authorized by Chapter 1 of subtitle D of the
Food, Agriculture, Conservation and Trade Act of 1990. The purpose of the
Distance Learning and Telemedicine Loan and Grant Program is to improve
telemedicine services and distance learning services in rural areas through the
use of telecommunications, computer networks, and related advanced technologies
by students, teachers, medical professionals and rural residents. Section 6201
of Title VI of the 2014 Farm Bill (Pub. L. 113- 79) amended 7 U.S.C. 950aaa et
seq, by extending the term of the program to the year 2018. Need and Use of the
Information: The various forms and narrative statements required are collected
from eligible applicants that are public and private, for-profit and
not-for-profit rural community facilities, schools, libraries, hospitals, and
medical facilities. The purpose of this information is to determine such factors
as: Eligibility of the applicant; the specific nature of the proposed project;
the purposes for which loan and grant funds will be used; project financial and
technical feasibility; and compliance with the applicable laws and regulations.
Description of Respondents: Business or other for-profit; Not-for- profit
institutions; State, Local or Tribal Government. Number of Respondents: 190.
Frequency of Responses: Recordkeeping; Reporting: On occasion. Total Burden
Hours: 11,031. Rural Utilities Service Title: Special Evaluation Assistance for
Rural Communities and Households Program (SEARCH). OMB Control Number:
0572-0146. Summary of Collection: The Food, Conservation and Energy Act of 2008,
Public Law 110-234 (Farm Bill) amended Section 306(a)(2) of the Consolidated
Farm and Rural Development Act (CONACT) (7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(2)). The amendment
created a grant program to make Special Evaluation Assistance for Rural
Communities and Households (SEARCH) Program grants. Under the SEARCH program,
the Secretary may make predevelopment and planning grants to public or
quasi-public agencies, organizations operated on a not-for-profit basis or
Indian tribes on Federal and State reservations and other federally recognized
Indian tribes. The grant recipients use the grant funds for feasibility studies,
design assistance, and technical assistance for direct loans, grants and
guaranteed loans, to financially distress communities in rural areas with
populations of 2,500 or fewer inhabitants for water and waste disposal projects
as authorized in Sections 306(a)(1), 306(a)(2) and 306(a)(24) of the CONACT.
Need and Use of the Information: Applicants applying for SEARCH grants must
submit an application which includes an application form, various other forms,
certifications, and supplemental information. Rural Utility Service will use the
information collected from applicants, borrowers, and consultants to determine
applicant eligibility, project feasibility, and the applicant's ability to meet
the grant and regulatory requirements. Failure to collect proper information
could result in improper determinations of eligibility, improper use of funds,
or hindrances in making grants authorized by the SEARCH program. Description of
Respondents: Not-for-profit Institutions and State, Local or Tribal Government.
Number of Respondents: 125. Frequency of Responses: Reporting: On occasion.
Total Burden Hours: 3,688. Charlene Parker, Departmental Information Collection
Clearance Officer. [FR Doc. 2016-20725 Filed 8-29-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE
3410-15-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              268 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 30, 2016 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Submission for OMB Review; Comment Request Pages 59599 - 59600
[FR DOC # 2016-20725]

LENGTH: 1475  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Utility Service Submission for OMB Review;
Comment Request August 24, 2016. The Department of Agriculture has submitted the
following information collection requirement(s) to Office of Management and
Budget (OMB) for review and clearance under the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995,
Public Law 104-13. Comments are requested regarding (1) whether the collection
of information is necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the
agency, including whether the information will have practical utility; (2) the
accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden including the validity of the
methodology and assumptions used; (3) ways to enhance the quality, utility and
clarity of the information to be collected; (4) ways to minimize the burden of
the collection of information on those who are to respond, including through the
use of appropriate automated, electronic, mechanical, or other technological
collection techniques or other forms of information technology. Comments
regarding this information collection received by September 29, 2016 will be
considered. Written comments should be addressed to: Desk Officer for
Agriculture, Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management
and Budget (OMB), New Executive Office Building, 725 17th Street NW.,
Washington, DC 20502. Commenters are encouraged to submit their comments to OMB
via email to:

OIRA_Submission@OMB.EOP.GOV or fax (202) 395-5806 and to Departmental Clearance
Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC 20250- 7602. Copies of the
submission(s) may be obtained by calling (202) 720- 8958. An agency may not
conduct or sponsor a collection of information unless the collection of
information displays a currently valid OMB control number and the agency informs
potential persons who are to respond to the collection of information that such
persons are not required to respond to the collection of information unless it
displays a currently valid OMB control number. Rural Utilities Service Title:
Preloan Procedures and Requirements for Telecommunications Program. OMB Control
Number: 0572-0079. Summary of Collection: The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) is a
credit agency of the U.S. Department of Agriculture. It makes mortgage loans and
loan guarantees to finance telecommunications, electric, and water and waste
facilities in rural areas with a loan portfolio that totals nearly $58 billion.
RUS manages loan programs in accordance with the Rural Electrification Act of
1936, 7 U.S.C. 901 et. seq. as amended, (RE Act). Section 201 of the RE Act
authorizes the Administrator to make loans to qualified telephone companies for
the purpose of providing telephone service to the widest practicable number of
rural subscribers. Need and Use of the Information: RUS will collect information
using several forms to determine an applicant's eligibility to borrow from RUS
under the terms of the RE Act. The information is also used to determine that
the Government's security for loans made by RUS are reasonably adequate and that
the loans will be repaid within the time agreed. Without the information, RUS
could not effectively monitor each borrower's compliance with the loan terms and
conditions to properly ensure continued loan security. Description of
Respondents: Business or other for-profit; Not-for- profit institutions. Number
of Respondents: 18. Frequency of Responses: Reporting: On occasion. Total Burden
Hours: 4,687. Rural Utilities Service Title: RUS Form 444, ``Wholesale Power
Contracts.'' OMB Control Number: 0572-0089. Summary of Collection: The Rural
Electrification Act of 1936 (RE Act) as amended (7 U.S.C. 901 et seq.),
authorizes the Rural Utilities Service (RUS) to make and guarantee loans in the
States and Territories of the United States that will enable rural consumers to
obtain electric power. Rural consumers formed non-profit electric distribution
cooperatives, groups of these distribution cooperatives banded together to form
Generation and Transmission cooperatives (G &T's) that generate or purchase
power and transmit the power to the distribution systems. All RUS and G&T
borrowers [[Page 59600]] will enter into a Wholesale Power Contract with their
distribution members by using RUS Form 444, as adapted to meet the needs of the
borrower. Need and Use of the Information: To fulfill the purposes of the RE Act
RUS will collect information to improve the credit quality and credit worthiness
of loans and loan guarantees to G&T borrowers. RUS works closely with lending
institutions that provide supplemental loan funds to borrowers. If the
information were not collected, RUS could not determine whether Federal security
interest would be adequately protected. Description of Respondents: Not-for
profit institutions; Business or other for-profit. Number of Respondents: 13.
Frequency of Responses: Reporting: On occasion. Total Burden Hours: 78. Rural
Utilities Service Title: 7 CFR 1703, Subparts D, E, F, and G, Distance Learning
and Telemedicine Loan and Grant Program. OMB Control Number: 0572-0096. Summary
of Collection: The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) is a credit agency of the
Department of Agriculture and is authorized by Chapter 1 of subtitle D of the
Food, Agriculture, Conservation and Trade Act of 1990. The purpose of the
Distance Learning and Telemedicine Loan and Grant Program is to improve
telemedicine services and distance learning services in rural areas through the
use of telecommunications, computer networks, and related advanced technologies
by students, teachers, medical professionals and rural residents. Section 6201
of Title VI of the 2014 Farm Bill (Pub. L. 113- 79) amended 7 U.S.C. 950aaa et
seq, by extending the term of the program to the year 2018. Need and Use of the
Information: The various forms and narrative statements required are collected
from eligible applicants that are public and private, for-profit and
not-for-profit rural community facilities, schools, libraries, hospitals, and
medical facilities. The purpose of this information is to determine such factors
as: Eligibility of the applicant; the specific nature of the proposed project;
the purposes for which loan and grant funds will be used; project financial and
technical feasibility; and compliance with the applicable laws and regulations.
Description of Respondents: Business or other for-profit; Not-for- profit
institutions; State, Local or Tribal Government. Number of Respondents: 190.
Frequency of Responses: Recordkeeping; Reporting: On occasion. Total Burden
Hours: 11,031. Rural Utilities Service Title: Special Evaluation Assistance for
Rural Communities and Households Program (SEARCH). OMB Control Number:
0572-0146. Summary of Collection: The Food, Conservation and Energy Act of 2008,
Public Law 110-234 (Farm Bill) amended Section 306(a)(2) of the Consolidated
Farm and Rural Development Act (CONACT) (7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(2)). The amendment
created a grant program to make Special Evaluation Assistance for Rural
Communities and Households (SEARCH) Program grants. Under the SEARCH program,
the Secretary may make predevelopment and planning grants to public or
quasi-public agencies, organizations operated on a not-for-profit basis or
Indian tribes on Federal and State reservations and other federally recognized
Indian tribes. The grant recipients use the grant funds for feasibility studies,
design assistance, and technical assistance for direct loans, grants and
guaranteed loans, to financially distress communities in rural areas with
populations of 2,500 or fewer inhabitants for water and waste disposal projects
as authorized in Sections 306(a)(1), 306(a)(2) and 306(a)(24) of the CONACT.
Need and Use of the Information: Applicants applying for SEARCH grants must
submit an application which includes an application form, various other forms,
certifications, and supplemental information. Rural Utility Service will use the
information collected from applicants, borrowers, and consultants to determine
applicant eligibility, project feasibility, and the applicant's ability to meet
the grant and regulatory requirements. Failure to collect proper information
could result in improper determinations of eligibility, improper use of funds,
or hindrances in making grants authorized by the SEARCH program. Description of
Respondents: Not-for-profit Institutions and State, Local or Tribal Government.
Number of Respondents: 125. Frequency of Responses: Reporting: On occasion.
Total Burden Hours: 3,688. Charlene Parker, Departmental Information Collection
Clearance Officer. [FR Doc. 2016-20725 Filed 8-29-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE
3410-15-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              269 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                             March 7, 2013 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Bailout fund does the big banks plenty of favours;
OPINION

BYLINE: MICHAEL WEST

SECTION: BUSINESS; Opinion & Analysis; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 429 words


Anybody keen for a loan of $380 billion at, let's say, an interest rate of 3.4
per cent? Sounds nice, eh? Well, you the taxpayer are in the process of making
such a loan. Or at least you will soon extend, most kindly if as yet
unwittingly, such a credit facility to the big banks, to be used at any time, at
their discretion.

Taxpayers already guarantee 60 per cent of bank funding via the deposits
guarantee for zero compensation. Yes, it is exceptionally generous, the
so-called Committed Liquidity Facility, which is in effect a permanent bailout
facility that comes into play in 2015. Christopher Joye, the managing director
of property research group Rismark, makes the point that this massive line of
credit is unusual and generous by global banking standards and it has been
established with "no public debate".

"Smaller building societies and credit unions are not subject to the liquidity
tests and will not, therefore, have access to the bailout fund," Joye writes in
the Financial Review.

To put this in perspective, bank loans to small businesses now average 8.45 per
cent. Secured by the business person's residential property, they are priced at
7.6 per cent. The average mortgage holder is forking out 5.65 per cent fully
discounted.

Yet the biggest businesses in Australia - Commonwealth Bank, Westpac, NAB and
ANZ - will be able to trot down to the Reserve Bank, lodge a bunch of their own
loans - car loans if they like - and march off with billions at the
bargain-basement interest rate of 3.4 per cent for 12 months or more.

The wholesale funding guarantee - with its prejudicial pricing in favour of the
big four - is still in play until 2015 and, now, we have the mother of all
bailout funds.

If any other business in the country can't meet its obligations it has to render
itself insolvent. But the banks can just shimmy on down to the RBA, chuck a bit
of collateral over the counter and romp off with a few lazy billion at the cash
rate plus 25 basis points and another 15 basis points.

That is indeed nice work if you can get it. Nobody would disagree that Australia
should have a strong banking system. Most agree, grudgingly, that the country
has been well-served by its banks.

But where is the debate on this issue? Where is the debate about "moral hazard"?
Why should the banks pay any heed to the disciplines of risk whatsoever if they
have no chance of going bust but are nonetheless hardly paying for the privilege
of community support?

Does this country have the most generous support mechanisms for banks in the
world? The answer would appear to be yes.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              270 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                              May 11, 2014 Sunday

USDA offers loans for homes, renewable energy in Kansas

BYLINE: Megan Hart.

megan.hart@cjonline.com

LENGTH: 783 words


People in more Kansas communities are eligible for loans through the U.S.
Department of Agriculture due to changes in the farm bill.

USDA Rural Development is accepting applications for two types of loans: home
loans for individuals looking to buy or improve a house, and loans and grants
for businesses looking to do renewable energy projects.

The home loan program used to be available only to residents of communities with
20,000 or fewer people, said Jessica Bowser, spokeswoman for USDA Rural
Development in Kansas, but the new farm bill changed the definition to allow
people in communities with populations of up to 35,000 to participate. Those
changes only became clear in the last few weeks, she said.

"That allowed Dodge City, Garden City and Lansing to become eligible," she said.
"We were kind of in limbo on which communities were going to be eligible for the
home loans."

People looking to buy a home can apply to have their loan guaranteed by USDA,
reducing the risk for the bank holding the mortgage so that it can offer buyers
more favorable terms, Bowser said. When USDA guarantees a loan, that means the
agency will make the bank whole if the buyer walks away from the mortgage. The
program covers up to 100 percent of a 30-year, fixed-rate mortgage.

"Usually the homeowner doesn't have to have a cosigner or a down payment," she
said.

Rural Development also runs a direct loan program targeted toward low-income
borrowers looking to buy a house or make certain kinds of repairs, Bowser said.
In that case, USDA acts like the bank, making the loan and collecting payments,
she said. In both loan programs, borrowers have to show they have an
"acceptable" credit history and have sufficient income to repay the loan.

The only grants related to homes that don't have to be repaid are for home
repairs for homeowners older than 62, Bowser said.

The home loan program doesn't have a deadline, Bowser said, so potential
homeowners can apply at any time and will be considered so long as funding is
available.

For more information, call (785) 776-7582, extension 4, or visit
www.rurdev.usda.gov/ks.

Renewable energygrants due soon

The Rural Energy for America Program provides grants and loans for farms and
rural small businesses that want to invest in renewable energy or energy
efficiency projects. Grants can only cover 25 percent of a project's costs,
though loans can be larger.

Nationwide, $12.3 million for grants and $57.8 million for loans will be
available, but it isn't yet known what Kansas' share will be, though it probably
will be at least equal to what the state received last year, Bowser said. In
fiscal year 2013, Kansas businesses received $435,370 in grants.

Kansas also can apply to use some of any money that may be left over if other
states don't use their entire allocation, Bowser said.

Applications for the grants are due July 7 and loan applications are due July
31, though those that are received afterward will be considered for later rounds
of funding, Bowser said. For more information, call David Kramer, (785)
271-2700, extension 2736, or email david.kramer@ks.usda.gov

Local foodloans available

Local food projects also can apply for $48 million in loan guarantees to improve
their funding situation, USDA announced Friday.

USDA will guarantee up to 80 percent of loans less than $5 million and 70
percent of loans less than $10 million.

Businesses, nonprofits, partnerships, tribes, cooperatives and individuals in
communities with fewer than 50,000 people all can apply for the loan guarantees.
Previous projects included processing plants, cold storage facilities and
distribution networks.

Applicants have to be involved in the processing, storing or distribution of
food, and have to be linked with a local organization such as a food hub,
farmers market or community-supported agriculture group, Bowser said. Farmers
and people raising livestock have to do some processing to be eligible, such as
turning their wheat into flour instead of selling it to someone else to grind,
she said.

For more information, call the Topeka USDA Rural Development Office, (785)
271-2700. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis.

Grants forfarmers markets

Another $30 million in grant funds will be available through USDA's Agricultural
Marketing Service for promoting farmers markets and local food distribution
networks. Loans can't be for more than $100,000, according to the AMS website.

Applications are due June 20. For more information on how to apply, join a
webinar at 9:30 a.m. Tuesday at https://cc.readytalk.com/r/8vug7o4joctv&eom. For
help with the webinar, call (800) 843-9166 or email help@readytalk.com

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              271 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                             July 1, 2010 Thursday

TRENDS IN THE REGION: Louisville Looks for a Jump-Start;
HUD Guarantee Key to Big Project

BYLINE: Shelly Sigo

SECTION: SOUTHEAST; Pg. 1 Vol. 372 No. 33343

LENGTH: 1004  words


BRADENTON, Fla. - Kentucky officials hope a popular federal loan guarantee
program will be the catalyst to resume construction of a $465 million, 62-story
skyscraper on the banks of the Ohio River in downtown Louisville that has been
stalled by the credit crisis.

The Museum Plaza project also would be funded with private equity and public
financing. It is expected to create thousands of badly needed jobs for the
region.

Hoping to kick-start the project, state officials announced last week that they
would apply for a $100 million loan guarantee from the U.S. Department of
Housing and Urban Development's Section 108 provision of the community
development block grant program. The CDBG program provides communities with a
source of financing for economic development, housing rehabilitation, public
facilities, and large-scale development projects.

Since it was implemented in 1978, the Section 108 program has issued $7 billion
in commitments for projects around the country, many of which used a combination
of public and private financing, federal officials said.

If Kentucky's application is approved it will be the third-largest federal loan
guarantee ever granted. It also will be the first time the state has used
Section 108.

"Tough economic times mean we must be more creative to find funding for
important projects," Gov. Steve Beshear said when he announced the new strategy
to build Museum Plaza. "Applying for this federal loan [guarantee] is a first
step, and while we cannot predict whether it will be approved, my administration
is excited about the potential opportunity to create thousands of jobs and get
Kentucky's economic engines moving again."

Site work began in late 2007 on the 703-foot-tall multi-tower project designed
by Joshua Prince-Ramus, an architect at New York City-based REX. It includes
office and residential space, hotels, the University of Louisville's Master of
Fine Arts program, a nonprofit contemporary art museum, and a public park.

However, actual building construction never got under way largely because of the
credit crisis, according to Craig Greenberg, an attorney with Frost Brown Todd
LLC and one of the project's four development partners.

"From the beginning this has been a public-private partnership to make this
project a reality," he said. "It has strong support from state, local, and
federal officials as well as the business and labor community. It has enjoyed
that support for years and I think everyone is excited about getting this
project under construction and it becoming a reality."

Developers have already invested $48 million. They expect to obtain a $140.5
million traditional construction loan and to repay the $100 million obtained
under the HUD loan guarantee program, which will be backstopped against default
by state CDBG funds.

Project financing also includes $90 million of tax increment financing bonds,
$45 million of general obligation bonds to be sold by Louisville, $15 million of
revenue bonds secured by pledges of art museum supporters, and $26.5 million
from the university. Discussions about how the university will fund its portion
are still under way, Greenberg said.

Although the financing plan has not been finalized and members of the finance
team are still being selected, he said the goal is to issue debt before the end
of the year and to take advantage of the taxable Build America Bond program.

HUD's Section 108 program will be critical to the financing package. The
Kentucky Department for Local Government plans to submit the application after
holding a public hearing on July 7.

It can take up to two-and-a-half months to process a Section 108 application,
according to HUD spokesman Brian Sullivan.

While Kentucky would be the borrower, the developer actually repays the loan.
However, the state guarantees the loan by pledging future CDBG funds.

"It is structured this way so if the developer stops making payments, [CDBG
funds] guarantee the loan for private investors," Sullivan said. The maximum
repayment period for a Section 108 loan is 20 years.

Typically, Section 108 loans are initially financed through a short-term,
variable-rate loan based on the three month London Interbank Offered Rate plus
20 basis points. These loans currently are provided by Pittsburgh-based
Federated Investors Inc. and are subject to a drawdown schedule provided by HUD.

Once the loan has been drawn down, permanent financing pegged to yields on U.S.
Treasury obligations is arranged through periodic public offerings by HUD's
underwriting group.

"The Section 108 loan guarantee is designed to provide financing for higher-risk
economic development activities that would not otherwise secure financing,"
Sullivan said.

No Section 108 loan has defaulted, according to HUD's website.

"We need the HUD loan to get this project financed in the very near future,"
Greenberg said. "We believe our project is an important project for the region."

The developers want simultaneous closing on all the financing elements, and once
that occurs construction could begin in as soon as 30 days, he said.

While it remains to be seen if Kentucky's application for Museum Plaza is
approved, state and local officials are counting on the project for badly needed
jobs.

According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, unemployment in the Bluegrass state
in May was 10.4% and in Louisville it was 9.9% compared to the nation's 9.7%.

It's estimated that the Museum Plaza project will create 4,500 construction
jobs, and more than 2,300 will be employed there after opening.

"The Greater Louisville Building and Construction Trades Council is excited to
see that Museum Plaza is back on track to becoming a reality," said Joe Wise,
business manager of the Greater Louisville Building and Construction Trades
Council.

"Just as Museum Plaza will be an exclamation point on Louisville's skyline, the
thousands of good-paying jobs created by this building will be an exclamation
point for the economy of the city, the region, and the Commonwealth," said
Louisville Mayor Jerry Abramson.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com/

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BB


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              272 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           August 23, 2006 Wednesday

Ginny Brown-Waite to host broadband grant workshop

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 401 words

DATELINE: RIDGE MANOR; BROOKSVILLE


U.S. Rep. Ginny Brown-Waite will host a broadband and telemedicine grant
workshop from 9 a.m. to noon Thursday at the Ridge Manor Community Center 34240
Cortez Blvd.

The workshop is designed to help rural communities gain access to broadband
technologies through grants and loans provided by the USDA Rural Development
Rural Utilities Programs.

Those attending will learn what programs are available, as well as eligibility
and other requirements for grants. Broadband experts will be on hand to answer
questions about specific projects or applications.

The workshop will also address specific information for prospective applicants
to the Broadband Loan Program.

The USDA Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program provides loans
and loan guarantees for the construction, improvement and acquisition of
facilities and equipment for broadband service in eligible rural communities.
Priority is given to applications that are proposing to serve areas where no
residential broadband service currently exists.

The Distance Learning and Telemedicine Loan and Grant Programs offer financial
assistance to qualified applicants to enhance learning and health care
opportunities for rural residents.

Also participating in the workshop will be USDA Rural Development state director
Charles Clemons and Broadband/Telemedicine Grant coordinator Andrew Hayes.

For information, call Brown-Waite's office at 799-8354.

Public school teachers can soon get grant applications

BROOKSVILLE - Starting Monday, public school teachers who teach kindergarten
through 12th grade can obtain applications for a grant through the Hernando
County Education Foundation.

To assist teachers, the foundation will offer a liaison at 4 p.m. Aug. 31 at
Nature Coast Technical High School, 4057 California St.

The liaison will conduct a workshop to answer questions and discuss
opportunities for teachers to apply for one of the minigrant programs.

The workshop is free. However, seating is limited and registration is required.
Those interested should call Kathleen Reitz at 797-7029, or e-mail to her at
reitz_k@hcsb.k12.fl.us.

The foundation sponsors the grants with community business partners, including
Suncoast Federal Credit Union, Progress Energy, local businesses and
individuals. Grants awarded at between $300 to $1,000. Last year, more than
$6,000 was awarded and approximately $15,000 or more is expected to be awarded
this year.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

DOCUMENT-TYPE: DIGEST

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              273 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

US Loan Guarantees Criticized As Inefficient, Anticompetitive

                           August 29, 1979, Wednesday

By GARY M. HECTOR

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Federal loan guarantees are being criticized as inefficient and anticompetitive
by companies in the industries the guarantees are designed to help.

On Tuesday, CF&I Steel Corp., a unit of Crane Co., announced that it will go to
court to head off a $150 million federally guaranteed loan to WheelingPittsburgh
Steel Corp.  That lona is 90% guaranteed by the government and proceeds will be
used to build a new rail mill at Monessen, Pa., and to modernize nine other
plants.

R. J. Slater, president of CF&I, called government financing of Wheeling
Pittsburgh's entry into the rail business "totally illogical." He pointed out
that his company just completed an $85 million modernization and expansion of
its own rail mill and argues that Wheeling-Pittsburgh's new plant will create
"excess capacity in a presently healthy segment of the steel industry."

"While it is already difficult to stop grants like this from rolling out of the
pork barrel," he said, "we feel that we must take all steps to protect CF&I's
interest."

Mr. Slater went on to argue that if the Federal government is going to finance
the entry of large companies into new business lines, private investment will
decrease.  "This type of government intrusion into business can only discourage
future investment of private risk capital," he said.

Mr. Slater's points echoed testimony during a public hearing on proposed
regulations for the Department of Energy's program to guarantee loans for
projects that will convert urban waste into usable energy.  Charles Johnson,
technical director of the National solid Waste Management Association, said loan
guarantees encourage construction of systems with a low probability of success
and then argued that because resource recovery is largely being begun in the
absence of loan guarantees, "this Federal program is unnecessary." The
association's members include private corporations that will build and operate
waste recovery facilities.

Mr. Johnson argued that the guarantees will go to companies lacking their own
finances which propose to build resource recovery projects using undemonstrated
technology.  Furthermore, he feels the guarantees could lead the investment
community to underwrite revenue bonds even when the corporation proposing the
project is able to use its own credit or revenues for financing.

The Wheeling-Pittsburgh guarantee is from the Departments of Commerce and
Agriculture.  The Commerce Department's Economic Development Administration will
guarantee 90% of $100 million in private loans and the Agriculture Department's
Farmer's Home Administration will back 90% of $50 million.  The guarantees were
granted under the government's steel loan guarantee program, which is designed
to help modernize and improve the competitiveness of steel companies that cannot
borrow without government support.

Another of these steel loan guarantees, for a loan to Phoenix Steel Co., was
challenged in Federal court by Lukens Steel Co.  The court found last week that
loan guarantee was not anticompetitive, although the court did return the
guarantee to the EDA for examination of two apparent procedural problems.

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 528 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1979 American Banker, Inc.


                              274 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Times (Kigali)

                               September 28, 2015

New Project to Facilitate Farmers' Access to Financial Services

BYLINE: Theogene Nsengimana

LENGTH: 685 words


About 32,400 rural households are expected to benefit from a project designed to
facilitate them to access financial services. Dubbed Climate Resilient
Post-harvest and Agri-business Support Project (PASP), the five year project is
implemented by the Ministry of Agriculture and Animal Resources.

The project was announced last Friday in Kigali during a one day workshop on
modalities of speeding up post-harvest investments financing.

Tony Nsanganira, the Minister of State for Agriculture, said the project would
strengthen the capacity of Rwandan farmers in post-harvest handling, investment
in postharvest infrastructure to decrease post-harvest losses, improve quality
and increase output to markets with quality products.

He said, "access to finance has been a major challenge to our farmers which has
always led to poor farming and post harvest practices. This culminated into
enormous losses of produce. We want our farmers to shift from subsistence
agriculture to commercial agriculture."

"With this project, farmers will have access to credit facilities from financial
institutions. Project beneficiaries and other value chain actors will be
supported with a matching grant and guarantee facility."

The project, worth USD 83.3m (about Rwf61bn), is intended to help alleviate
poverty, increase rural income and contribute to the overall economic
development of the country.

PASP's primary target group comprises poor smallholder farmers engaged in
production and primary processing in the priority value chains (maize, beans,
cassava, Irish potatoes and dairy), poor farmers with some production potential
and members of cooperatives who own small land plots and smallholders who
supplement their income through agricultural wage work.

The targeted households are in 11 districts namely Musanze, Nyabihu, Rubavu,
Kayonza, Nyagatare, Gatsibo, Ngoma, Kirehe, Kamonyi, Muhanga and Ruhango.

Accessing financial services

Business proposals, which comply with PASP eligibility requirements and approved
by respective financial institutions, will get PASP grant and guarantee through
the Business Development Fund (BDF).

Upon the approval of the business proposal by the financial institution and on
behalf of business promoters, participating financial institutions will make
requests to BDF for PASP financial facilities.

In collaboration with PASP, BDF will make disbursements of the grant and
guarantee to respective client's accounts in the respective financial
institution which have financed PASP beneficiaries' business proposals in
respect of the criteria.

Janet Kanyambo, the fund manager at BDF, said banks should approve more
proposals.

She said, "the only problem we have is that a few proposals are approved by
financial institutions. Banks should approve more proposals to ensure we help
more farmers which could transform agriculture sector," she said.

PASP grant is matched with commercial loans to finance Post-harvest investments
within the selected value chains and districts.

The grant amount goes up to 40 per cent of the total investment loan (excluding
working capital) while the ceiling amount is USD 80,000 (about Rwf58m).

The project promoter pays the loan capital and interests up to 60 per cent while
the remaining 40 per cent is offset by the grant.

The 40 per cent is paid when the promoter has paid the 60 per cent fully without
failure. The grant is structured into three categories, namely; small, medium
and large grants.

Gérard Mutimura, the programme fund manager at Banque Populaire du Rwanda (BPR),
said banks should not be accused of not offering loans to farmers as
unsuccessfull applications are down to poorly written proposals.

The project is co-financed by the International Fund for Agricultural
Development (IFAD) and the Government of Rwanda whereas a memorandum of
understanding was signed with BDF to manage funds, grant and guarantee
facilities.

PASP has already transferred to BDF's account the first installment of grant and
guarantee funds equivalent to Rwf675.6m for financing business plans, of which
Rwf337m is guarantee, funds while the remaining Rwf338.6m is grant funds.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              275 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                            November 30, 2014 Sunday
                                 State Edition

HUD selling hospital loan

BYLINE: Mary Ann Roser American-Statesman Staff

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 412 words


Lakeway Regional Medical Center is seeking a buyer to take on its defaulted
mortgage as a way to keep the hospital open for business, officials said
Tuesday.

The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development plans to auction the
hospital's mortgage loan, valued at $164 million, on Dec. 17. HUD will receive
sealed bids online and choose the highest-qualified bidder as the new owner, HUD
spokesman Brian Sullivan said.

The deal could take a few weeks to close and for the buyer to be named publicly,
Sullivan said.

The sale has been an option since the hospital defaulted in August 2013 on its
mortgage loan, which is insured by HUD.

Lower-than-expected hospital admissions created financial strains at the 100-bed
facility.

After the default, a new lender stepped in, but in September HUD assumed control
of the loan.

The loan sale is unusual in HUD's history. There have been just four such loan
sales since 2000, Sullivan said. It has guaranteed the mortgages of more than
400 hospitals since 1969.

"Based on the results of any HUD asset sale, LRMC will make reasonable efforts
to work with the new note holder with a focus on keeping the hospital open and
continuing to serve the community," Frank Sossi, interim acting chairman of the
hospital's board, wrote in an email Tuesday.

In 2010, Lakeway Regional received the largest mortgage loan guarantee that HUD
had ever granted to a for-profit hospital, $167 million. The guarantee was
expected to save the hospital $91.2 million in interest, HUD said at the time.

Despite the default and upcoming mortgage loan sale, no taxpayer money is at
risk, according to Sullivan. Hospitals pay into a fund to cover such events, and
"receipts coming into the fund are sufficient to pay the claim without any
impact to the taxpayer," he said.

Lakeway Regional Medical Center LLC is the borrower on the loan and includes
Surgical Development Partners of Franklin, Tenn.; San Diego-based Pacific
Medical Buildings; and various community investors.

"The board, staff and employees of LRMC continue to provide quality care to the
patients of the Lakeway community as we work with HUD on keeping the hospital
open," Sossi wrote in an email. "LRMC is not a direct participant in the HUD
asset-sale process and has no comment on that process."

Asked what would happen if HUD does not accept a bid, Sullivan declined to
speculate.

Information on the auction is available online at debtx.com.

Contact Mary Ann Roser at 512-445-3619.

Twitter: @maroser

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              276 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                               May 5, 2014 Monday

Washington: Up to $12.3 Million in Grants and $57.8 Million in Loan Guarantees
Available In Rural Energy for America Program

LENGTH: 756  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is seeking
applications from rural small businesses and agricultural producers for funding
to make energy efficiency improvements or to install renewable energy systems.

"Developing renewable energy presents an enormous economic opportunity for rural
America," Vilsack said. "This funding will help farmers, ranchers and rural
small business owners incorporate renewable energy and energy efficiency
technology into their operations, create jobs and help America become more
energy independent. When small rural businesses and farmers cut their energy
costs with cleaner and more efficient energy, we are both helping their bottom
lines and reducing the amount of greenhouse gas pollution that affects our
climate."

The funding announced today is being provided through USDA's Rural Energy for
America Program (REAP). Investments from programs like REAP help support the
true engine of America's economic growth - a thriving middle class. REAP is one
of many USDA programs and initiatives to support an expanded domestic energy
economy. In addition to helping to increase renewable energy production, USDA
makes investments in the bioeconomy, provides support for the emerging biobased
products industry, supports new technologies, and supports energy efficiency
improvements.

REAP funding has helped farmers expand renewable energy use in recent years. The
new Census of Agriculture shows the number of farms utilizing renewable energy
production has doubled in the last five years. More than 57,000 farms reported
using a renewable energy system in 2012, while 23,451 operations reported doing
so in 2007. Solar panels accounted for 63% of renewable energy systems on farms,
with 36,331 farms reporting their use.

REAP funding is an example of the many ways that USDA is helping revitalize
rural economies to create opportunities for growth and prosperity, support
innovative technologies, identify new markets for agricultural producers and
better utilize our nation's natural resources.

Created by the 2008 Farm Bill, REAP was reauthorized by the recently passed 2014
Farm Bill. For fiscal year (FY) 2014, USDA plans to award up to $12.3 million in
grants and $57.8 million in loan guarantees. Additional REAP funds provided by
the Farm Bill will be made available with a subsequent notice.

USDA is accepting applications for:

Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement loan guarantee and
grant combinations;
 Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement loan guarantees; and
 Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants.

Requests for grants may not exceed 25 percent of a project's cost - either for
stand-alone grant requests or for grants combined with loan guarantees.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, REAP has supported more than 8,200
renewable energy and energy efficiency projects nationwide. During this period,
USDA has provided more than $264 million in grants and $212 million in loan
guarantees to agricultural producers and rural small business owners.

Cozy Acres Greenhouse in North Yarmouth, Maine, used a $48,750 REAP grant to
help offset the cost of installing a solar and geothermal system in new
greenhouses. Owners Jeff and Marianne Marstaller needed to expand their
greenhouse operations and were determined to do so in a cost-effective and
energy-efficient way. They teamed up with USDA Rural Development to fund a
geothermal system to provide heat for the greenhouses and solar photovoltaic
panels that help offset their electricity needs. The greenhouses were completed
in fall 2013. The Marstallers plan to market their locally grown herbs and
vegetables to area restaurants and farmers markets.

Information on how to apply for REAP funding and on the application deadlines
(which vary by project type) is available on page 25564 of the May 5, 2014
Federal Register.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              277 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Clinton Proposes New $400 Million Community Empowerment Fund

                            February 2, 1998, Monday



President Clinton will ask Congress today to allocate $400 million to create a
new community empowerment fund that would provide grants to leverage loans for
businesses in economically distressed communities in an effort to create or
retain an estimated 280,000 jobs.

The proposal, which is included in the president's fiscal 1999 budget plan being
unveiled today, would provide grants to states and local governments that would
use the money to leverage an estimated $2 billion in private loans to
businesses.

The funds would be used to buy down interest rates on the loans and guarantee
repayment, according to the Department of Housing and Urban Development, which
will administer the program.

The initiative is designed to create more jobs in areas of high poverty and
unemployment, as well as provide jobs for families trying to move from welfare
to the workforce, HUD Secretary Andrew Cuomo said Friday.

The grants and loans would be used to establish revolving loan funds for
business expansion and modernization, provide start-up funds for new small and
medium-sized businesses, preserve and expand industrial facilities, and
revitalize communities' commercial areas.

The new funds would combine with and improve two existing HUD programs - the
Economic Development Initiative and the Section 108 Loan Guarantee Fund, HUD
said in a statement announcing the proposal.

Copyright c 1998 American Banker, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.bondbuyer.com

SECTION: WASHINGTON; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 247 words

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1998 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                              278 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             May 27, 2010 Thursday

President Obama tours Fremont's Solyndra, promotes clean energy

BYLINE: By Dana Hull dhull@mercurynews.com

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY; Communities; San Jose - Valley; News; Local; Business;
High-Tech; Science and Tech

LENGTH: 862 words


President Barack Obama, in a trip designed to highlight green jobs and the
urgent need for clean energy as oil gushes in the Gulf of Mexico, toured solar
manufacturer Solyndra Wednesday morning and then addressed a select crowd of 250
people at the Fremont company's new factory.

The visit, Obama's second to the Bay Area since becoming president, shone a
spotlight on Solyndra, a Silicon Valley company that has tried to avoid
publicity as it prepares for its initial public offering of stock.

Obama praised the entrepreneurial spirit of California and said Solyndra is a
company "leading the way toward a brighter and more prosperous future."

Obama, who will travel to the Gulf Coast on Friday, also stressed the need for
renewable energy.

"The spill in the Gulf, which is just heartbreaking, only underscores the
necessity of seeking alternative fuel sources," he said.

Last year, the Department of Energy gave Solyndra a $535 million loan guarantee
funded through the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act. Five-year-old
Solyndra was the first company to receive a loan guarantee, and it has become a
poster child for the success of federal stimulus spending and its ripple effects
on the economy.

Solyndra is one of several companies in Silicon Valley making solar panels that
use non-silicon materials known in the industry as "thin film." Solyndra's
panels are largely designed for flat, commercial rooftops and are installed in
200 locations around the world.

Obama also gave a nod to Tesla Motors of Palo Alto, which was awarded a $465
million loan by the Department of Energy.

"Tesla is joining with Toyota in a venture to put a thousand skilled workers
back to work manufacturing an all-electric car," Obama said to applause. "This
is only the beginning. We're investing in advanced battery technologies to power
plug-in hybrid cars."

Obama vowed to pass comprehensive energy and climate legislation this year, and
praised Solyndra employees and construction workers for their efforts to develop
clean energy.

"Every day that you build this expanded facility, as you fill orders for solar
panels to ship around the world, you're demonstrating that the promise of clean
energy isn't just an article of faith   not anymore," Obama said. "It's
happening right now. The future is here."

Obama arrived at Solyndra shortly before 9:30 a.m. and had a 15-minute tour of
the company's manufacturing facility with Chris Gronet, Solyndra's founder and
CEO, and Ben Bierman, executive vice president of operations and engineering.

"This is impressive," he said. "It really is."

Solyndra's Fab 2 is one of the largest construction projects under way in the
region. The 300,000-square-foot facility has generated 3,000
construction-related jobs.

On some days as many as 1,000 workers are on site, though most were asked to
stay off the job Wednesday because of tight security surrounding Obama's visit.
Solyndra said construction resumed after the event was over and workers will
make up the lost day.

"There's no way we could have put this factory in the United States without the
DOE loans," said Gronet, adding that Solyndra has applied for a second loan
guarantee through the Energy Department.

While the president focused on job creation and the clean tech economy, Solyndra
used the visit to press Obama on the need to spur domestic demand for solar. The
federal government could lead by example if it installed solar panels on
government buildings across the country.

"We drove home the point that solar manufacturing creates jobs along the supply
chain," Gronet said. "His ears perked up when he heard that."

Obama privately met with Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger before his public remarks.

He began his speech reminising about his honeymoon 17 years ago, when he and
Michelle visited Napa Valley and then drove down the Pacific Coast Highway.

"I was fantasizing about going and renting a car," Obama said. "I was told that
would cause a stir, so next time."

Alan Dillon, a construction worker from Santa Clara, was one of about a dozen
men who posed for a picture with Obama at the construction site.

"He shook each of our hands, and he thanked us for working hard," said Dillon,
50, a supervisor with general contractor Rudolph and Sletten. "It's great that
he wants to build factories and put people back to work."

Solyndra has 1,000 employees and expects to hire an additional 25 employees a
month for the remainder of 2010.

The company has raised $970 million in venture funding and hopes to raise $300
million more through an initial public offering. It filed papers in late
December for an IPO and has, as required, remained quiet about its finances
since then, though executives joked Wednesday that Obama's visit was making the
"quiet period" one of the noisiest in the valley's history.

Contact Dana Hull at 408-920-2706. Follow her at Twitter.com/danahull .

Solyndra

Founded: May 2005
CEO: Chris Gronet
Number of employees: 1,000
What it does: Manufactures solar panels using glass tubes filled with a thin
film of non-silicon semiconductor materials for the commercial rooftop market.
Investors: Argonaut Private Equity, Redpoint Ventures, Rockport Capital, U.S.
Venture Partners and others

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              279 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                           November 27, 2007, Tuesday

State may be on hook for plant

BYLINE: GEORGE HOHMANN, DAILY MAIL BUSINESS EDITOR

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P8A

LENGTH: 539 words


The West Virginia Economic Development Authority is on the hook for $3 million
if a proposed $400 million clean coal power plant in southern West Virginia does
not get built.

Western Greenbrier Co-Generation ran into financial trouble when its efforts to
refinance a $4.87 million loan with the First National Bank of Ronceverte fell
through, the Associated Press reported last week.

The Economic Development Authority - the state's financing agency for
development projects - had guaranteed $3 million of the First National Bank of
Ronceverte's loan, said David Warner, the authority's executive director. Warner
said First National had decided not to extend the loan. He said Summit Community
Bank had agreed to do so. Warner said that during its Oct. 18 meeting, the
authority's board of directors approved the same loan guarantee for Summit
Community Bank.

"Western Greenbrier Co-Generation was not able to meet all of the conditions to
close the loan with Summit," Warner said. "So our guarantee to Summit was never
put in place. Thus, we have received a claim for our loan guarantee from First
National Bank of Ronceverte. We are currently processing a claim for the full $3
million."

Warner said the Economic Development Authority had been watching the Western
Greenbrier Co-Generation project closely. "The project still had to perform," he
said. "Project costs kept escalating, especially the cost of materials. What was
a $250 million project became closer to a $450 million project.

"You can only issue 'X' amount of bonds at a certain interest rate and be able
to pay it back with the revenue of an electric generating plant. It became
harder to find additional investor resources when it became harder to issue
enough debt to build the entire facility.

"It is still possible, and we are hoping there is a company or an entity that
can step in and give them the opportunity to keep putting these things in
place," Warner said. "The project is not necessarily dead - the underlying
financing has just run out."

The federal Department of Energy had agreed to invest $5 million in the project
to help pay for engineering and feasibilities studies but required a $5 million
local match. The local match was the loan from the First National Bank of
Ronceverte. The Economic Development Authority, the Federal Home Loan Bank of
Pittsburgh and an engineering firm guaranteed the loan.

"The engineering and feasibility studies were completed," Warner said. "But in
the time it took to do that, project costs escalated and it's tougher to put a
successful financing package in place. Not impossible, just more difficult in
today's environment."

Gary Skidmore, president of Western Greenbrier Co-Generation, told the
Associated Press last week that if the company can keep the project going until
spring, when it hopes to issue $300 million in bonds, the creditors would be
paid with proceeds from the bond sale.

"We would get paid with the proceeds from the bonds," Warner said Monday.

The Greenbrier County communities of Rainelle, Quinwood and Rupert own Western
Greenbrier Co-Generation. The planned 98-megawatt electric power plant would
burn coal waste, or gob, for fuel.

Contact writer George Hohmann at business@dailymail.com or 348-4836.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Charleston Newspapers


                              280 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     March 7, 1992, Saturday, City Edition

New loans help middle incomes

BYLINE: KEN MORITSUGU

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 704 words

DATELINE: INVERNESS



For years, the Farmers Home Administration has helped low-income people in rural
areas buy homes.

    But many so-called moderate-income people were left out in the cold.
Although their incomes were above the cutoff for Farmers Home assistance, they
couldn't qualify for a standard bank mortgage.

    Now, help is at hand. Farmers Home has launched a new program under which
the federal government will guarantee a mortgage, removing the risk for the
financial institution. Accepted applicants don't have to make a down payment on
their house; all they pay are closing costs and the monthly mortgage payment.

    Roland Vautour, under-secretary of agriculture for small community and rural
development, stopped in Inverness on Friday during a one-day tour of rural
Central Florida to promote the program to bankers and builders. Other stops were
in Gainesville, Ocala and Lakeland.

    Farmers Home can guarantee up to $ 329-million in loans this fiscal year
under the program. Most of that total still is available. The agency has
guaranteed only about 200 loans so far nationwide, 16 of them in Florida, said
Louis Frost, chief of rural housing for Farmers Home in Florida.

    "Right now, the monies are virtually unlimited," said Frost.  Florida has
the potential for $ 30-million to $ 40-million in guaranteed loans this fiscal
year, Frost said.

    To qualify for the program, a borrower must fall within a certain income
group, depending on family size and location. The cutoff point for a family of
four, for example, is $ 28,300 in Citrus County and $ 32,550 in Hernando County.


    The maximum purchase price for a home under the program is $ 67,500 in
Citrus County and $ 80,750 in Hernando County.

    For a financially strapped federal government, the program is a way to help
meet housing needs without spending much money.  The financial institutions make
the loans and take care of the appraisal and other related work.

    "We think that this is a sound, sane and efficient way to go," Vautour
said..

    The government guarantees 90 percent of the loan amount, but Vautour said he
expects few defaults. The established Farmers Home guaranteed loan program for
farms has a default rate of only 4 percent, and loans for farms are riskier than
loans for houses, he said.

    Of the 16 loans approved so far in Florida, two including the first one
approved in the state are being made by subsidiaries of Inverness-based Brannen
Banks of Florida.

    In the Farmers Home program for low-income people, the agency provides
subsidies to help the borrower pay the monthly mortgage.  In the new guaranteed
loan program, the borrower must make the full monthly payment.

    The Bush administration budget proposal for the next fiscal year, which
begins Oct. 1, would create government-subsidized loans under the
moderate-income home buyers program. Farmers Home would be able to guarantee up
to $ 700-million in loans next year, of which $ 300-million could be subsidized.


    On Monday, Vautour also stopped in Dunnellon to announce a $ 150,000 grant
and $ 384,000 long-term, low-interest loan from Farmers Home for the renovation
of the city's wastewater treatment plant.

    His presentation in Inverness was held at Inverness Club, the first adult
congregate living facility built in Florida with a Farmers Home low-interest
loan. The 72-unit facility, which opened in October, serves elderly people with
annual incomes of less than $ 12,000 for a single person or $ 13,680 for a
couple.

  Guidelines for loan program
 The Farmers Home Administration is promoting a guaranteed loan program that
allows moderate-income people to buy a home without making a down payment. The
annual income cutoff for a family of four in Citrus County is $ 28,300. Farmers
Home also subsidizes housing loans for low-income people with annual incomes of
up to $ 22,800 for a family of four. For more information, contact Vince Ward at
the Farmers Home office in Bushnell at (904) 793-2821 or any of the following
banks: Bank of Inverness, Crystal River Bank, Homosassa Springs Bank or
Dunnellon State Bank.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: HERNANDO TIMES; CITRUS TIMES

                            Times Publishing Company


                              281 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                       October 3, 2014 Friday 6:30 AM EST

USDA Issues Conditional Commitment for $91MM Loan Guarantee to Cool Planet

LENGTH: 422  words


Oct. 3 -- US-based Cool Planet Energy Systems issued the following news release:

Cool Planet Energy Systems today was issued a $91MM conditional commitment from
the United States Department of Agriculture for a loan guarantee to support
construction of the company's first commercial manufacturing plant. The facility
will be located at the Port of Alexandria, Louisiana.

"We would like to thank the USDA for its commitment to commercialization of
industry-leading projects such as ours," said Cool Planet CEO Howard Janzen.
"The Cool Planet process provides real solutions to some of today's most
important energy, food and water challenges.

Our first commercial plant will produce renewable fuels by converting wood chips
into high octane gasoline and aromatic blendstocks that are chemically identical
to fossil fuels.

"From this process, we will also produce a co-product called CoolTerra which is
an advanced soil amendment. CoolTerra enables agricultural producers to retain
water and nutrients in soil to increase crop yields, and in drought conditions,
to maintain their crop yields with significantly less water and fertilizer."

In making the announcement of the loan guarantee to Cool Planet, USDA Secretary
Tom Vilsack said, "This partnership is the latest example of the Obama
Administration's continuing support for innovative, home-grown energy sources.

USDA's support for renewable energy projects like this helps create jobs in
rural areas, promotes U.S. energy independence, and leads to further expansion
of the growing and increasingly significant bioeconomy - all while reducing
carbon pollution and other greenhouse gases."

"We expect to work closely with the USDA as we bring this commercial facility
online," said Janzen. "The umbrella of a supportive and consistent federal
government policy is important to the initial commercialization of our
technology. We expect this commercial plant to be the first of hundreds of
plants that our company will build across the United States."

Cool Planet broke ground on its first commercial facility at the Port of
Alexandria earlier this year. Site preparation and detailed engineering design
work is currently underway, and the company expects to start construction before
the end of the year.

Construction of the initial plant is expected to be completed by the end of 2015
with commercial operations beginning in early 2016. The USDA financing could
play a role both in the first commercial deployment in Alexandria and subsequent
expansion.

Source: Cool Planet Energy Systems

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              282 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                       October 3, 2014 Friday 6:30 AM EST

USDA Issues Conditional Commitment for $91MM Loan Guarantee to Cool Planet

LENGTH: 422  words


Oct. 3 -- US-based Cool Planet Energy Systems issued the following news release:

Cool Planet Energy Systems today was issued a $91MM conditional commitment from
the United States Department of Agriculture for a loan guarantee to support
construction of the company's first commercial manufacturing plant. The facility
will be located at the Port of Alexandria, Louisiana.

"We would like to thank the USDA for its commitment to commercialization of
industry-leading projects such as ours," said Cool Planet CEO Howard Janzen.
"The Cool Planet process provides real solutions to some of today's most
important energy, food and water challenges.

Our first commercial plant will produce renewable fuels by converting wood chips
into high octane gasoline and aromatic blendstocks that are chemically identical
to fossil fuels.

"From this process, we will also produce a co-product called CoolTerra which is
an advanced soil amendment. CoolTerra enables agricultural producers to retain
water and nutrients in soil to increase crop yields, and in drought conditions,
to maintain their crop yields with significantly less water and fertilizer."

In making the announcement of the loan guarantee to Cool Planet, USDA Secretary
Tom Vilsack said, "This partnership is the latest example of the Obama
Administration's continuing support for innovative, home-grown energy sources.

USDA's support for renewable energy projects like this helps create jobs in
rural areas, promotes U.S. energy independence, and leads to further expansion
of the growing and increasingly significant bioeconomy - all while reducing
carbon pollution and other greenhouse gases."

"We expect to work closely with the USDA as we bring this commercial facility
online," said Janzen. "The umbrella of a supportive and consistent federal
government policy is important to the initial commercialization of our
technology. We expect this commercial plant to be the first of hundreds of
plants that our company will build across the United States."

Cool Planet broke ground on its first commercial facility at the Port of
Alexandria earlier this year. Site preparation and detailed engineering design
work is currently underway, and the company expects to start construction before
the end of the year.

Construction of the initial plant is expected to be completed by the end of 2015
with commercial operations beginning in early 2016. The USDA financing could
play a role both in the first commercial deployment in Alexandria and subsequent
expansion.

Source: Cool Planet Energy Systems

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              283 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                             March 7, 2013 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Bailout fund does the big banks plenty of favours

BYLINE: Michael West

SECTION: BUSINESS; Opinion & Analysis; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 429 words


Anybody keen for a loan of $380 billion at, let's say, an interest rate of 3.4
per cent? Sounds nice, eh? Well, you the taxpayer are in the process of making
such a loan. Or at least you will soon extend, most kindly if as yet
unwittingly, such a credit facility to the big banks, to be used at any time, at
their discretion.

Taxpayers already guarantee 60 per cent of bank funding via the deposits
guarantee for zero compensation. Yes, it is exceptionally generous, the
so-called Committed Liquidity Facility, which is in effect a permanent bailout
facility that comes into play in 2015. Christopher Joye, the managing director
of property research group Rismark, makes the point that this massive line of
credit is unusual and generous by global banking standards and it has been
established with "no public debate".

"Smaller building societies and credit unions are not subject to the liquidity
tests and will not, therefore, have access to the bailout fund," Joye writes in
the Financial Review.

To put this in perspective, bank loans to small businesses now average 8.45 per
cent. Secured by the business person's residential property, they are priced at
7.6 per cent. The average mortgage holder is forking out 5.65 per cent fully
discounted.

Yet the biggest businesses in Australia - Commonwealth Bank, Westpac, NAB and
ANZ - will be able to trot down to the Reserve Bank, lodge a bunch of their own
loans - car loans if they like - and march off with billions at the
bargain-basement interest rate of 3.4 per cent for 12 months or more.

The wholesale funding guarantee - with its prejudicial pricing in favour of the
big four - is still in play until 2015 and, now, we have the mother of all
bailout funds.

If any other business in the country can't meet its obligations it has to render
itself insolvent. But the banks can just shimmy on down to the RBA, chuck a bit
of collateral over the counter and romp off with a few lazy billion at the cash
rate plus 25 basis points and another 15 basis points.

That is indeed nice work if you can get it. Nobody would disagree that Australia
should have a strong banking system. Most agree, grudgingly, that the country
has been well-served by its banks.

But where is the debate on this issue? Where is the debate about "moral hazard"?
Why should the banks pay any heed to the disciplines of risk whatsoever if they
have no chance of going bust but are nonetheless hardly paying for the privilege
of community support?

Does this country have the most generous support mechanisms for banks in the
world? The answer would appear to be yes.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              284 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                              May 24, 2016 Tuesday

PAK: RURAL FINANCIAL INCLUSION AND DAIRY GROWTH FACILITY

LENGTH: 449  words


Borrower/Company : RFI & DAIRY GROWTH FACILITY
Sector / Subsector: Agriculture, natural resources and rural development
- Agricultural production
Timetable: for assistance design, processing and implementation
Concept Clearance-20 Aug 2012
Credit Committee Meeting-02 Sep 2013
Approval-29 Oct 2013
PDS Creation Date-23 Sep 2013
Last PDS Update-30 Sep 2014
Description: A partial credit guarantee (PCG) facility of up to $35,000,000 (or
PKR equivalent) in support of investment loans made to small dairy farmers. PCGs
may be issued by ADB within four years after the Board approval. PCGs may cover
loans with a tenor of up to 5 years. The first PCG for up to $3 million (or PKR
equivalent) will partially guarantee a portfolio of loans to be made by a local
bank to dairy farmers.


Objectives and Scope : The proposed facility will contribute to (i) improving
small dairy farmers supply of high value added dairy products, (ii) scaling up
viable banking services for small dairy farmers, and (iii) improving dairy
farmers' access to investment capital.
Linkage to Country/Regional Strategy : The Facility supports the development
objectives of the government, which include finance for development. The country
partnership strategy (CPS) for Pakistan (2009-2013) emphasizes the need for
reforms, including measures to improve productivity in agriculture and promoting
the private sector. CPS consultations with stakeholders highlight the importance
of the private and financial sector, and the need for improving financial
inclusion, especially in rural areas. More commercial financial services will
capture essential qualitative growth opportunities in neglected regions, and
encourage sound risk management. Recent IMF and World Bank reports highlight the
farmers inadequate access to finance. Capital support via the partnership of
banks and agribusiness present a good opportunity for ADB's private sector
operations. The Facility would be the first private sector transaction in
Pakistan's agriculture sector.
The Facility is consistent with ADB's financial sector operational plan and the
2007 report of the Working Group on Rural Poverty, which underscores the
importance of rural finance and promotes financial inclusion of underserved poor
households, and farmers.
Project completion date : 2018-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : ASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK (ADB)

Address : 6 ADB Avenue,
Mandaluyong City 1550

Country :Philippines
Url : http://www.adb.org
Financier : ASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK (ADB),

Financier address : Asian Development Bank (ADB),
Private Sector Operations Department,
Private Sector Financial Institutions Division,
Responsible ADB Officer:Rainer Hartel

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2016 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              285 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                            February 3, 2009 Tuesday

Stimulus to Loosen SBA Loan Market

BYLINE: Emily Flitter

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 1 Vol. 174 No. 22

LENGTH: 862  words


WASHINGTON - The massive stimulus package moving through Congress aims to unclog
the market for Small Business Administration loans by providing financing to the
broker-dealers that buy and securitize them.

The version the House passed last week also would increase the government
guarantee on certain types of SBA loans to 95%, from 75%.

The version pending in the Senate would temporarily remove the guarantee fees
the SBA charges lenders, making the loans more profitable because a portion of
the yield would no longer go back to the agency. It would also increase the loan
limit on 7(a) SBA loans to $3 million from $2 million.

Both billswould authorize an SBA-run financing facility that would lend to
broker-dealers at 25 basis points above the federal funds rate. The lending
program's goal would be to give broker-dealers a source of cheap funding with
which to buy newly made SBA loans from originators.

The facility may do its job, but observers say it would be more effective if the
government would agree to make changes to an upcoming lending program designed
by the Federal Reserve Board. Together, the two programs could get the market
for securitized SBA loans moving again.

Part of the logjam in the secondary market for SBA loans has been caused by an
inventory of undesirable pools of SBA loans-pools with low yields and high
prices-that their creators, the broker-dealers, have not been able to sell. Many
broker dealers borrowed money to buy the loans that went into these bad pools,
and are now focused on maintaining their inventories and riding out the credit
market freeze rather than buying more attractively priced new loans.

The broker-dealer lending facility in the stimulus "would allow the dealers at
least temporarily to have an attractive financing source so they could take
their inventory and move it over to that line," said Scott Taylor, a vice
president based in Memphis forShay Financial Services Inc. of Miami. "The hope
is that by clearing our lines up, the market would be able to seek its own
level."

The legislation mandates the facility "be used for the purpose of financing the
inventory of the government guaranteed portion" of SBA loans. Most observers
said they did not interpret the language to forbid using the facility to
refinance existing pools.

Mike Haught, the director of the SBA trading desk at Vining Sparks IBG LP, said
that since SBA loans are backed by the full faith and credit of the government,
"it's been inconceivable that we'd have any trouble finding financing for this
stuff." Nevertheless, his firm and others have encountered such trouble, gumming
up the works.

"The problem's not so much the size of our inventories, it's the uncertainty on
the financing side of it," he said. "These problems wouldn't even been an issue
with us if there weren't some shakiness on the part of financing."

SBA lenders and broker-dealers would have more freedom to work out the prices on
new loans being sold into the secondary market, rather than continuing in an
environment in which broker-dealers' only bids on new SBA loans are defensively
low. "If that happens, then you've kind of restored a flow in the market," Mr.
Taylor said.

Chris Reilly, the president of CIT Group Inc.'s small-business lending unit,
supports whatis happening in Congress but said policymakers also need to adjust
the Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility, the Fed program set to begin
this month.

Talf will lend money to investors against collateral made up of approved
asset-backed securities, including those backed by pools of SBA loans. But it
will only cover those pools created after Jan. 1.

The program is designed to unfreeze the credit markets by allowing participants
to use securities they already have as tools to buy and trade new securities.
But its date restriction has meant that broker-dealers who trade SBA loans
cannot unload their older loan poolsonto Talf. Neither can investors.

Critics claim that means the market could remain frozen.

Broker-dealers and SBA lenders are pressing the Fed to change the terms of the
Talf program so that older pools can be accepted as well.

Trade groups have lobbied the agency, and the SBA itself has requested that the
terms be revised.

"I have to say I'm a little skeptical," Ms. Reilly said. "To think that people
are going to double and triple their inventory levels without an endbuyer, I
just don't know if that's going to happen."

Mr. Taylor said he has complained to "anybody and everybody" about the Talf
terms. Ms. Reilly said, "The problem has been communicated loud and clear, and
if they really want Talf to have an impact they're going to have to address this
issue."

The Fed has said it is weighing changes to Talf, but declined to comment for
this story.

A spokesman for the SBA said that the agency would not discuss the legislation
until it had moved farther along."So far, we have a bill passed by the House,
and we have a Senate bill that's got through the Appropriations Committee but
hasn't been voted on by the Senate," he said. "These bills are still moving
targets as to their SBA elements, and for now, we just prefer to wait and see
what the conference bill looks like."

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com/

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AB


                        Copyright 2009 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              286 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

              November 30, 2001 Friday NORTHERN CALIFORNIA EDITION

OWNER OUTLINES TWO PROPOSALS TO RESCUE BONFANTE GARDENS

BYLINE: DAVID L. BECK, Mercury News

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 638 words


Bonfante Gardens needs $7.5 million to reopen in the spring -- and its owner
hopes to get the cash by either selling adjoining land for a housing development
or persuading city officials to guarantee a bank loan.

"We think we're making some progress," said Michael Bonfante, who closed his
Gilroy theme park in September more than three months ahead of schedule.

But Gilroy Administrative Services Director Michael Dorn has made no
recommendation to the Gilroy City Council, which begins studying the loan
proposal Monday night. Loan guarantees would require Gilroy to put up city
buildings as collateral.

Bonfante hopes the city acts soon: The planning for spring 2002 begins in
January.

"Time is of the essence," he said.

Bonfante said he, Gilroy Mayor Tom Springer and city administrators "beat our
heads against the wall" to come up with two potential plans.

One is a loan from South Valley National Bank for $7.5 million. The non-profit
park owns 600 acres, of which 75 are in use. But all of the land is pledged
against its current outstanding loans. Bonfante is asking Gilroy to come up with
additional collateral.

"Who's this park most important to, besides me?" Bonfante said. "That,
obviously, is the community."

To guarantee the loan -- probably through the city's Public Facility Financing
Authority -- Gilroy would have to use City Hall and its police station as
collateral, Dorn said: "Something that's very secure that they would know we'd
never walk away from."

Gilroy would then lease those facilities back from the authority for the life of
the loan, typically 15 to 20 years, Dorn said. The council is scheduled to
consider that alternative Monday, and if it decides to move forward, would hold
hearings and perhaps vote on a loan structure Dec. 17.

The alternative

The alternative plan would be for Bonfante to sell 32 acres he owns at the
corner of Hecker Pass Highway and Burchell Road, a parcel that could hold as
many as 100 homes on lots of at least one-third of an acre. Dan Orloff, the
park's publicist, said Thursday that the land sale could bring in as much as $12
million.

Gilroy would have to approve the development as a "public benefit" under its
residential development ordinance, Orloff said.

Bonfante Gardens theme park opened in June on Hecker Pass Road, the culmination
of a 23-year-old dream of the former Nob Hill Foods grocery magnate. It combines
gentle rides and attractions aimed at families with a landscaped environment
that includes about 27 bizarre "circus trees" rescued from a famous Scotts
Valley experiment.

"The best part of the park is by far seeing the interaction of the kids with the
landscape," Bonfante said Thursday, "and to see a parent scolding a kid because
they stepped on a flower."

Bonfante had planned to stay open through the New Year, and had scheduled a
lavish Christmas light display. But post-Labor Day business, always slow in the
amusement park industry, was devastated by the events of Sept. 11. A week later,
with no warning to season ticket holders and only a few hours' warning to
employees, the park was closed.

Bonfante, who said he has personally put up $65 million of the $100 million that
has gone into the park so far, said closing the park was a businessdecision.

City officials still aren't sure whether the city should put its credit on the
line to help the park. In a memo to the city administrator, Dorn noted the risks
and benefits:

Worst scenario

The risks? "Worst case, everything fails and we have to make good his loan at
the bank," he said.

The benefits? Bonfante Gardens has helped Gilroy and "is sort of the gem of
tourism and economic development" for the city.

"It's hard to call," Dorn said. "Michael has a very powerful and strong
influence in the community."

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: ALSO RAN: page 3B, Morning Final edition

GRAPHIC: Photo;
PHOTO: JUDITH CALSON -- MERCURY NEWS ARCHIVES
Owner Michael Bonfante, at the entrance of the park, says he could sell off an
adjoining parcel or obtain a loan from the city to save his strapped facility,
which has been closed.

                     Copyright 2001 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              287 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 El Paso Times

                           December 20, 2003 Saturday

:Grants benefit El Paso families

BYLINE: By Laura Cruz

SECTION: BORDERLAND; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 454 words


The Center Against Family Violence and four of the center's families received a
"huge" Christmas gift Friday morning in the form of a $172,788 grant from the
Department of Housing and Urban Development.

"This is huge," said Deborah Turner, community relations director for the
center. "This money will be used for a transitional house to house four families
that aren't quite ready to go on their own but can be away from the shelter."

The center is one of five agencies that will benefit from $3.5 million in grants
from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development's Continuum of Care
and Emergency Grants program. The other local agencies are the Opportunity
Center, the Rescue Mission of El Paso, the YWCA and El Paso Community Mental
Health/Mental Retardation Center.

"This money is helping to empower the families to be self-sustaining," Turner
said. "It will also be used to provide a counselor to area shelters because we
know that homelessness is directly tied to abuse and domestic violence."

The grants are a part of a $1.27 billion effort by HUD to assist thousands of
programs in all 50 states. The news was made public after the announcement of a
$5 million loan guarantee from HUD for economic development and housing
rehabilitation in the El Paso Empowerment Zone and related areas.

U.S. Rep. Silvestre Reyes, D-El Paso, who made both of the announcements, said
the $5 million loan guarantee is good news for the city.

"Any time we get support from federal agencies, it's a good day," Reyes said.
"In today's environment, federal funding is hard to get."

Mayor Joe Wardy said one way the city can use the money is to help improve areas
such as Downtown and streets such as Texas Avenue.

"Texas Avenue, for example, could be a tourist area," Wardy said. "And that's
just one area we're looking at in terms of Downtown redevelopment, but we're not
limited to the empowerment zones."

W. Park Kerr, founder of the El Paso Chile Co., whose business is on Texas
Avenue, said the funds were good news for him.

"We as a community have to begin with one step at a time, and this is actually a
very big step for El Paso," said Kerr, who wants to expand his business to
include a manufacturing plant and maybe a restaurant. "I believe that the key to
El Paso's economic success is to support locally owned and operated businesses
that we as a community can cultivate."

Empowerment zones

El Paso's Empowerment Zones include parts of the Lower Valley, Five Points,
West, South, South-Central El Paso.

Anyone wanting more information about the $5 million loan guarantee may call
Debbie Hamlyn at 541-4643.

Laura Cruz may be reached at lcruzelpasotimes.com; 546-6136

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2003 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              288 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          PNG Post-Courier (Australia)

                           February 27, 2007 Tuesday

Credit facility for Central fisher-folk

SECTION: SOUTHERN POST; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 500  words


FISHERMEN in Central Province are elated following the launching of a fisheries
credit facility to assist them in buying fishing gears.

This also means that fishermen and women will have access in getting loans from
the credit facility, which is facilitated by the Rural Development Bank (RDB)
and funded by the National Fisheries Authority (NFA).

Central Province fishermen and representatives from RDB met for a consultative
meeting recently at the Central Provincial Administration headquarters in
Konedobu to launch the credit scheme.

Provincial Administrator Raphael Yibmaramba welcomed the new facility and
encouraged the local fishermen to get loan and then repay it accordingly.

Mr Yibmaramba also said that the Governor of Central Province, Alphonse Moroi,
made a commitment of K100,000.00 towards this initiative as a guarantee to the
bank for the fishermen of Central Province.

RDB executive manager (lending) Rodney Hoffman said the aim of the micro-credit
facility was to deliver small accessible credit to village-based fishermen or
enterprise that might not necessarily have access to credit from mainstream
financial institutions.

Mr Hoffman said the loan would assist them purchase logistics or fishing gears
that would improve productivity and increase cash income and improve their
living conditions and that of their local communities.

A fisherman can obtain a loan at a minimum rate of K1000 or a maximum of K5000.
An eligible fisherman must be an active fisherman or a fish farmer, who is a
member of a recognised community-based organisation or self-help group by the
bank and its parties, and be recommended by a community-based organisation or
self-help group.

A fisherman must be within the legal age limit of 18 years and over but not more
than 60 at the time of applying for the loan and must be a permanent resident of
the community or village.

Meanwhile, Central Province Fishermen s Association chairman Rari Alu said in
the past no such credit scheme was introduced at the bank; the fishermen were
getting fisheries loans without normal bank lending terms and conditions.

Mr Alu said: Therefore, only few fishermen who could get loans were those who
could qualify with bank s conditions. Most of the fishermen could not get loans
from the bank to improve their living standard.

He also said in the past, the banks were reluctant to give fishermen loans
because they were not sure whether they would repay the loan or not and also
many funding institutions were reluctant to assist fishermen because they were
disorganised.

He said however, with the establishment of a Village Fishing Association and the
Central Province Fishermen s Association, fishermen in Central Province were
more organised now to qualify for funds from any funding institution.

Both the village and Central Province association committee members will play a
vital role in management and accountability of loans of fishermen and will also
be involved in the screening process of the loan applications, Mr Alu said.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PTC


                   Copyright 2007 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              289 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 November 30, 2001 Friday MORNING FINAL EDITION

OWNER OUTLINES PLANS TO SAVE BONFANTE GARDENS

BYLINE: DAVID L. BECK, Mercury News

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 639 words


Bonfante Gardens needs $7.5 million to reopen in the spring -- and its owner
hopes to get the cash by either selling adjoining land for a housing development
or persuading city officials to guarantee a bank loan.

"We think we're making some progress," said Michael Bonfante, who closed his
Gilroy theme park in September more than three months ahead of schedule.

But Gilroy Administrative Services Director Michael Dorn has made no
recommendation to the Gilroy City Council, which begins studying the loan
proposal Monday night. Loan guarantees would require Gilroy to put up city
buildings as collateral.

Bonfante hopes the city acts soon: The planning for spring 2002 begins in
January.

"Time is of the essence," he said.

Bonfante said he, Gilroy Mayor Tom Springer and city administrators "beat our
heads against the wall" to come up with two potential plans.

Public collateral

One is a loan from South Valley National Bank for $7.5 million. The non-profit
park owns 600 acres, of which 75 are in use. But all of the land is pledged
against its current outstanding loans. Bonfante is asking Gilroy to come up with
additional collateral.

"Who's this park most important to, besides me?" Bonfante said. "That,
obviously, is the community."

To guarantee the loan -- probably through the city's Public Facility Financing
Authority -- Gilroy would have to use City Hall and its police station
ascollateral, Dorn said: "Something that's very secure that they would know we'd
never walk away from."

Gilroy would then lease those facilities back from the authority for the life of
the loan, typically 15 to 20 years, Dorn said. The council is scheduled to
consider that alternative Monday and, if it decides to move forward, would hold
hearings and perhaps vote on a loan structure Dec. 17.

The alternative plan would be for Bonfante to sell 32 acres he owns at the
corner of Hecker Pass Highway and Burchell Road, a parcel that could hold as
many as 100 homes on lots of at least one-third of an acre. Dan Orloff, the
park's publicist, said Thursday that the land sale could bring in as much as $12
million.

Gilroy would have to approve the development as a "public benefit" under its
residential development ordinance, Orloff said.

Bonfante Gardens theme park opened in June on Hecker Pass Road, the culmination
of a 23-year-old dream of the former Nob Hill Foods grocery magnate. It combines
gentle rides and attractions aimed at families with a landscaped environment
that includes about 27 bizarre "circus trees" rescued from a famous Scotts
Valley experiment.

"The best part of the park is by far seeing the interaction of the kids with the
landscape," Bonfante said Thursday, "and to see a parent scolding a kid because
they stepped on a flower."

Bonfante had planned to stay open through the New Year, and had scheduled a
lavish Christmas light display. But post-Labor Day business, always slow in the
amusement park industry, was devastated by the events of Sept. 11. A week later,
with no warning to season ticket holders and only a few hours' warning to
employees, the park was closed.

Bonfante, who said he has personally put up $65 million of the $100 million that
has gone into the park so far, said closing the park was a business decision.

Credit on the line

City officials still aren't sure whether the city should put its credit on the
line to help the park. In a memo to the city administrator, Dorn noted the risks
and benefits:

The risks? "Worst case, everything fails and we have to make good his loan at
the bank," he said.

The benefits? Bonfante Gardens has helped Gilroy and "is sort of the gem of
tourism and economic development" for the city.

"It's hard to call," Dorn said. "Michael has a very powerful and strong
influence in the community."

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo;
PHOTO: JUDITH CALSON -- MERCURY NEWS ARCHIVES
Owner Michael Bonfante, at the entrance of the park, says he could sell off an
adjoining parcel or obtain a loan from the city to save his strapped facility
that has been closed.

                     Copyright 2001 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              290 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 27, 2014 Monday

In the Push to Expand Energy Access, Companies Eye Loan Guarantees

LENGTH: 709  words


Washington, D.C.: National Geographic Society has issued the following news
release:

Loan guarantees have been around since at least the 1940s, when the U.S.
government backed loans for homes, farms and businesses for World War II
veterans. More recently, the U.S. government has used loan guarantee programs to
support the development of clean energy. Projects including the large Ivanpah
solar facility in California's Mojave Desert, a large cellulosic ethanol plant
opening this month in Kansas, and--infamously--the failed solar company Solyndra
have all been beneficiaries of Department of Energy loan guarantees.

Now, loan guarantees are being considered for a different kind of application:
energy access for the roughly 1.3 billion people worldwide who live in the dark.
For companies that provide services to the energy-poor, the greatest challenge
is not necessarily technology, but finance.

For the renewable energy industry, various financial strategies, including loan
guarantees, are gaining momentum. A loan guarantee is an agreement where the
guarantor such as a bank or a private investor assumes the debt for the borrower
if that borrower defaults. The essential role for this strategy is to reduce
risk in order to attract additional investors.

At the US-India Energy Partnership Summit in Washington DC earlier this month,
several speakers pointed to the value of loan guarantees.

USAID Administrator Rajiv Shah explained that India does not need a large dose
of aid assistance and that individual loan guarantees will be much more
beneficial. Earlier this year, USAID provided a $2.5 million loan guarantee to
clean energy service provider Orb Energy, which will allow them to reach 500
underserved communities in India. Shah noted that if done properly, loan
guarantees could create $20 to $30 billion of investment activity in the next
year, though this figure probably covers energy access in addition to larger
scale clean energy projects.

Nonetheless, the calculated and targeted approach of loan guarantees can have a
catalytic effect by leveraging efforts of multiple investors to bring clean and
reliable energy to communities living off the grid.

Commercial banks are often slow to enter the fray with companies that provide
energy access because of the perceived risk. This may soon change. With the
renewable energy market in a growth cycle, there is substantial investment
potential, as demonstrated by $45 million in aggregate investment earlier this
year. Innovative companies such as M-KOPA, d.light, Off-Grid Electric, Little
Sun and BBOXX benefited from investments. Today's market for solar portable
lighting alone is $200 million, and by some accounts, with long-term potential
approaching $50 billion.

Of course this is just part of the picture. Access to capital in and of itself
is not sufficient to move the industry forward. Entrepreneurs need proper
training in order for their companies to become investment-ready.

GVEP (Global Village Energy Partnership) International does exactly this by
mentoring micro-entrepreneurs to improve their business acumen, so that they
will have a better chance of repaying small loans. In East Africa, GVEP created
loan guarantee agreements with 13 financial institutions. So far, less than five
percent of money GVEP allocated toward lending has ended in default. Mentorship
is key to this achievement.

Another critical issue is subsidies--not so much to support burgeoning clean
energy businesses, but cutting back fossil-fuel payments that hold clean energy
businesses back.  Speakers at the summit confirmed that government subsidies in
India for kerosene deflate the market for alternative solutions for off-grid
lighting, such as solar products. The International Institute for Sustainable
Development found that India's subsidies reduced the price for kerosene by
two-thirds, making it harder for clean energy providers to compete.

Proper incentives can unlock a wealth of opportunity. India, which successfully
landed a rover on Mars, still has the world's largest population without
accessible energy. Loan guarantees will be a key instrument of choice to change
that.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              291 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 20, 2013 Thursday

Utah: USDA Announces Support for Rural Businesses in Recognition of National
Small Business Week

LENGTH: 631  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Agriculture, The State of Utah has issued the following news
release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced funding for 15 businesses in
10 states to create or retain jobs and expand economic activity. USDA remains
focused on carrying out its mission, despite a time of significant budget
uncertainty. Today's announcement is one part of the Department's efforts to
strengthen the rural economy.

"The lifeblood of any successful business is access to capital," said Vilsack.
"USDA Rural Development's Business & Industry Guaranteed Loan program plays a
major role in helping qualified firms and organizations in rural areas gain
access to the capital they need to start or expand their enterprises," Vilsack
said.

The Business & Industry Guaranteed Loan program aids rural businesses by
bolstering private credit through loan guarantees for quality business ventures.
A borrower may be an individual, a corporation, public body, partnership,
cooperative organization, or other legal entity organized and operated on a
profit or nonprofit basis; an Indian tribe on a Federal or State reservation or
other federally recognized tribal group. For more information on USDA's Business
& Industry program, please visit http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_gar.html.

The announcements made by Vilsack today include conditional commitments totaling
$37.6 million. Secretary Vilsack made the announcement as part of the
Department's celebration of National Small Business Week.

For example, with today's announcement, USDA selected KMI Group, Inc., in
Kenton, Tenn., to receive a $1 million loan guarantee to purchase machinery and
equipment and provide working capital to increase the capacity of this global
manufacturer of plastic resins for molders, extruders and compounders.

To help cope with a severe housing shortage, Killdeer Mountain Park, LLC, in
Killdeer, N.D., is selected to receive a $4.2 million loan guarantee to finance
housing development sites for 78 mobile homes, office space, and a recreational
building for the large number of energy and oil field workers moving into the
area due to the rapid growth of the Bakken Oil Field.

Since 2009, USDA has provided more than 15,000 loans and grants through its
business programs, helping more than 60,000 rural businesses. For more
information on USDA's business and cooperative development programs, visit
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/Business.html.

Funding is contingent upon the recipient meeting the conditions for the loan
agreement. For a complete list of recipients please click here.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. President
Obama and Agriculture Secretary Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of
Federal resources to foster sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the
government is a strong partner for businesses, entrepreneurs and working
families in rural communities.

USDA has made a concerted effort to deliver results for the American people,
even as USDA implements sequestration - the across-the-board budget reductions
mandated under terms of the Budget Control Act. USDA has already undertaken
historic efforts since 2009 to save more than $828 million in taxpayer funds
through targeted, common-sense budget reductions. These reductions have put USDA
in a better position to carry out its mission, while implementing sequester
budget reductions in a fair manner that causes as little disruption as possible.

For further information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              292 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                            January 16, 2012 Monday

SMEs - 30 Years of Unproductive Bailouts

LENGTH: 769 words


For the past 30 years,the Federal Government's policy interventions for the
Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) sector of the economy have not produced the
desired results as the sector currently contributes one per cent to the GDP,
reports FRANKLIN ALLI.

According to International Finance Corporation (IFC), today, SMEs make an
average of 50 per cent contribution to the GDP in both Europe and the USA and 40
percent in Asian countries.

In Nigeria, 96 per cent of firms in the manufacturing sector are SMEs. They
account for 70 per cent of employment, yet, contributing a mere one per cent to
the GDP.

Lack of access to finance, policy inconsistency, failing infrastructure, are the
reasons for this low contribution of SMEs to the economic fortunes of the
country.

To address these problems and make SMEs truly the "engine of growth" in Nigeria,
government has over the years introduced a variety of financing schemes and
programmes.

First were the institutional arrangements for direct financing intervention
beginning with the establishment of Nigerian Industrial Development Bank (NIDB)
in 1962 to the Rural Banking Initiative (RBI) in 1977 and the Agricultural
Credit Guarantee Scheme Fund (ACGSF), Nigerian Agricultural Cooperative Bank
(NACB) which focused specifically on increasing the flow of credit to
agriculture and SMEs.

There was also the National Economic Reconstruction Fund (NERFUND) in the
mid-1980s to assist SMEs adjust to the Structural Adjustment Programme. The fund
provided a long- term loan support of 5-10 years to SMEs at concessionary rates.

Total intervention to 214 SMEs was USD144.9 million between 1990 and 1998. The
ACGSF has between 1978 and the first quarter of 2011 supported 701,000
beneficiaries with a total loan of N43.12 billion. Furthermore, government also
secured a USD270 million World Bank- assisted SME 11 loan facility to further
complement other SME-financing sources.

The loan was administered to SMEs through a credit line arrangement for eligible
participating banks. In addition, the government established the community
banking scheme in 1991 with the objective of rural development facilities for
start-ups and smallholders.

There was also the People's Bank and the Family Economic Advancement Programme
(FEAP) in 2002.

On realisation of seeming duplication of SMEs support institutions, the
government in 2002, merged the NERFUND and NIDB to form what is today known as
the Bank of Industry (BOI) with an authourised capital base of N100 billion with
the principal objective of providing credit to the industrial sector including
the SMEs at an interest rate of 10 per cent.

Apart from the foregoing, a number of SME-financing schemes have been developed
and implemented by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) in support of SMEs
development in Nigeria. These schemes are as follows: Refinancing and
Rediscounting Facility (RF) at concessionary rate was introduced by the bank in
2002. The objective was to provide temporary relief to banks to provide
long-term risks in the productive sector.

Another initiative was Small and Medium Industries Equity Investment Scheme
(SMIEIS) that was set up in 2002 by the CBN and the Bankers' Committee for
Nigerian banks to set aside 10 per cent of their profit-before-tax annually in
support of equity investment in SMEs.

The scheme as at the end of 2009 had attracted a total of N42.03 billion with
N28.87 equity investment in 336 projects. The scheme has been scrapped.

The Microfinance Initiative (MFI) is yet another SME- financing scheme
introduced in 2005. The microfinance policy sought to convert all the community
banks in the country to microfinance banks with capital base of N2 million to
N1.0 billion for unit and state banking outfits respectively. As at date, there
are a total of 866 microfinance banks operating in the country.

Finally, in 2010, the CBN established the following intervention funds to unlock
credit to the SMEs sector:

N200 billion refinancing and reconstruction fund: This fund is to refinance and
restructure the outstanding credit portfolio of manufacturing SMEs in the
country. As at June, 2011, the sum of N197 billion had been disbursed to 539 SME
projects.

N200 billion SME Credit Guarantee Fund: This scheme is a credit enhancement
programme where the central bank provides 80 per cent guarantee to Deposit Money
Banks (DMBs) to encourage lending to SMEs. As at June last year, only N1.36
billion has so far been guaranteed.

N300 billion off-grid power and airline fund in support of SME cluster: This
fund is for as low as five mega watt power support to SME clusters or stand
alone enterprises.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              293 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 29, 2011 Friday

Meriden-based group to run Norwich revolving loan fund

BYLINE: Claire Bessette, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 481 words


July 29--NORWICH -- The Meriden-based Community Economic Development Fund was
selected Thursday to run the city's $1 million revolving loan fund, one of three
downtown revitalization programs approved by voters.

The Norwich Community Development Corp. board of directors unanimously endorsed
CEDF's proposal to run the revolving loan as a guaranteed-loan program that is
expected to bring more private investment dollars to downtown through banks and
other funding institutions.

With the selection Thursday, NCDC will start working with business owners
interested in applying for the loan immediately. Applications should be ready in
August, and CEDF should be on board to process loans by September.

The revolving loan fund is one of three downtown revitalization programs
approved by voters in a referendum.

NCDC officials already are taking applications for building-code improvements in
a $1.84 million matching grant program to property owners and a $500,000 rental
subsidy program for downtown commercial facilities.

NCDC Executive Director Robert Mills said the city's money would be used as a 50
percent guarantee to primary lenders willing to work with start-up businesses
and small businesses expanding in downtown Norwich. The city's money -- up to
$50,000 for a maximum loan of $100,000 -- would be held until the loan is paid
off and then released back to the city for future loans.

With the guarantee in place, businesses may be able to obtain more favorable
loan terms from the bank or qualify for higher loan amounts, Mills said.

CEDF is a private, nonprofit agency established in 1994 to provide
nontraditional loans to small businesses that can't qualify for traditional
loans, said Scott Arnold, director of lending.

CEDF already has a presence in eastern Connecticut, with a $4 million loan fund
in partnership with several local banks.

Arnold will run a loan information session at NCDC from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. on
Sept. 15 to discuss the loan-application process. To register for the program,
contact Marie Dumas at m.dumas@cedf.com or (888) 835-2333.

The Southeastern Connecticut Enterprise Region, based in New London, and
Hamden-based Connecticut Community Investment Corp. also applied to run the loan
fund.

CEDF will receive a fee of $100,000, or 10 percent of the $1 million, to
administer the program. Mills said all three proposals had similar
administration fees.

"Their mission is about community development and small business development,"
Mills said. "They're very supportive of entrepreneurs and first-time business
people."

c.bessette@theday.com

To see more of The Day, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.theday.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Day, New London, Conn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110729-NL-Meriden-based-group-to-run-Norwich-revolving-loan
-fund-0729-20110729

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2011 The Day


                              294 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Hong Kong Government News

                     November 9, 2011 Wednesday 7:56 AM EST

LCQ4: Measures to assist Hong Kong enterprises

LENGTH: 1453  words


Hong Kong, Nov. 9 -- Hong Kong SAR Government issued the following news release:

Following is a reply by the Secretary for Commerce and Economic Development, Mr
Gregory So, to a question by Dr Hon Lam Tai-fai in the Legislative Council today
(November 9):

Question:

It has been reported that the debt crises in Europe and the United States
continue to aggravate, creating uncertainties in the external economic
environment as well as impacting on the external trade of Hong Kong, and banks
have begun to tighten their credits. Compared with the same period last year,
the exports of Hong Kong products dropped by around 29% and 25% respectively in
July and August this year. The Financial Secretary stated that Hong Kong's
external sector would encounter considerably serious challenges in 2012, and the
external trade of Hong Kong in the remaining months of this year and even until
early next year did not look optimistic, while Hong Kong's export trade and even
the overall economy as well as the job market might deteriorate. In the face of
various uncertainties in the external economy, will the Government inform this
Council:

(a) given that under the existing Small and Medium Enterprises Loan Guarantee
Scheme, the Government acts as guarantor for up to only 50% of the approved
loans, and the Small and Medium Enterprises Financing Guarantee Scheme of the
Hong Kong Mortgage Corporation provides a loan guarantee ratio of up to 70%
only, of the respective numbers of applications received and approved under the
two schemes since January this year and the loan amounts involved; and whether
it will reconsider making reference to the arrangements of the Special Loan
Guarantee Scheme and expeditiously review and improve the two schemes, including
raising the loan guarantee ratio to 80%, so as to meet the actual needs of the
small and medium enterprises (SMEs) and address their financing difficulties; if
it will, when the relevant work will commence; if not, of the reasons for that;

(b) whether it will reconsider reviewing afresh and amending section 39E of the
Inland Revenue Ordinance for the purpose of enhancing the assistance provided to
Hong Kong enterprises on the Mainland in upgrading and restructuring, boosting
their sustainable competitiveness as well as developing the domestic sales
market; if it will, of the details; if not, the reasons for that; and

(c) given that at present, many SMEs and trade associations have reflected that
they are facing an increasingly harsh business environment and that the
Competition Bill (the Bill) still contains a large number of contentious
provisions and details, the confidence of SMEs in the present business
environment has been undermined and they are discouraged from pursuing
continuous development, whether the Government will consider deferring the
completion date of the legislative exercise for the Bill from the current
legislative session as originally scheduled to the next term of the Government,
so as to avoid increasing the uncertainties faced by SMEs at present and
deepening their worries; if it will, of the details; if not, the reasons for
that?

Reply:

President,

(a) Regarding the SME Loan Guarantee Scheme (SGS) run by the Trade and Industry
Department (TID), TID has received 1 580 applications from January to October
2011.  1473 applications have been approved, involving a total loan amount of
$3.56 billion.  As for the Hong Kong Mortgage Corporation Limited's (HKMC) SME
Financing Guarantee Scheme (SFGS), which was launched on January 1, 2011, 212
applications were received from January to October 2011.  207 applications have
been approved, involving a total loan amount of $719 million.

Since the introduction of the SGS in 2001, the Government has introduced various
enhancements to the scheme on several occasions in order to cope with the
changing economic environment.  Under the existing SGS, the maximum amount of
guarantee for each small and medium enterprise (SME) is $6 million.  Based on
the maximum guarantee ratio at 50%, the corresponding loan amount reaches $12
million.  The maximum guarantee period is 60 months.  From the above application
and loan figures, it can be seen that the SGS can meet the financing needs of
business enterprises and is widely welcomed by SMEs.  Because of the popularity
of the scheme, we sought the approval of the Finance Committee of the
Legislative Council on July 18, 2011 to substantially increase the total loan
guarantee commitment for the SGS from $20 billion to $30 billion.

As regards the SFGS launched by the HKMC, the aim is to provide a market-based
loan guarantee scheme to Hong Kong enterprises, so as to meet their financing
needs in a rapidly changing business environment.  Under the scheme, eligible
Hong Kong enterprises may obtain 50% to 70% loan guarantee.  To further
encourage banks to provide financing to enterprises including SMEs through the
SFGS, the HKMC has launched a series of enhancements to the SFGS since October
11, 2011 after consulting different banks and trade organisations.  The
enhancements include:

(1) allowing the SFGS's refinancing of revolving facilities guaranteed by the
Special Loan Guarantee Scheme upon expiry of such guarantee;

(2) increase in the general interest rate ceilings for the SFGS-guaranteed
facility from 8%-10% to 10%-12%;

(3) increase in the total loan limit of high interest rate loans, ie loans with
interest rate over 10%, from HK$50 million to HK$100 million per financing bank;
and

(4) allowing drawdown of all types of revolving facilities to be done in both
Hong Kong dollar and foreign currencies.

In addition, the HKMC has also clarified the pari passu arrangement, and
streamlined the operational and application processes and procedures etc, so as
to help banks handle the applications more efficiently.  These enhancements
should help banks to make effective use of the SFGS to meet the financing needs
of the enterprises including SMEs, especially during times of market stress and
adverse economic climate.

We always monitor closely the changes in the economic situation and financial
markets and introduce effective support measures on a timely manner.  For
instance, in the light of the credit crunch arising from the global financial
crisis in 2008, we swiftly introduced the time-limited Special Loan Guarantee
Scheme. With the recent sharp downturn in the external economy, our economy will
face greater downside risks next year.  As the Chief Executive has pointed out
in the Policy Address in early October, we would brace ourselves for this and
keep a close watch on changes in the external environment.  We would pay
particular attention to the difficulties faced by SMEs, and introduce timely and
effective measures to tide them over when necessary.

(b) In replying to the oral question raised by Dr Hon Lam Tai-fai on November
24, 2010, the Secretary for Financial Services and the Treasury had already
explained in detail the result of the review conducted by the Administration on
whether the restriction of section 39E of the Inland Revenue Ordinance (IRO)
should be relaxed as well as the related justifications. Subsequently, in
response to a number of written questions raised by Dr Hon Lam Tai-fai, the
Secretary for Financial Services and the Treasury had reiterated that in view of
Hong Kong's established taxation principles of "territorial source" and "tax
symmetry", as well as the problem of transfer pricing, the Administration had
come to a conclusion that there were no justifiable grounds to relax the
existing restriction in section 39E of the IRO.  The Administration does not
intend to conduct another review on the same issue.

(c) As regards the Competition Bill (the Bill), we understand the concerns of
the business sector, especially those of SMEs.  Without compromising the
effectiveness of the Bill in tackling anti-competitive conduct, the
Administration has proposed six amendments to the Bill to address the major
concerns raised by the stakeholders, in particular SMEs.

The recent incidents of suspected anti-competitive conduct in the retail and
wholesale sectors have shown that the competition law is closely related to the
daily lives of our people.  Only with the early implementation of the Bill could
we effectively combat those anti-competitive conduct existing in the community,
thereby safeguarding the interests of consumers, including business operators
which are SMEs.  To meet the public expectation, we will continue to build
consensus on the Bill and maintain our original work plan to press ahead with
the enactment of the Bill within the 2011-12 legislative session.

Source: Hong Kong SAR Government

Website: news.gov.hk

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


      Copyright 2011 Hong Kong Government News, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              295 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                           November 25, 2010 Thursday

Rural development at work

BYLINE: Jay Healy

SECTION: COMMENTARY; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 712 words


COLUMN: AS I SEE IT

Folks are hurting, and many are questioning those of us who work in government.
They say we are overpaid and underachieving, especially in addressing some of
the mammoth economic issues facing our nation. Elected officials are often held
in low regard, and taxpayers' frustrations are at the boiling point. Phrases
like "stimulus package" and "job creation" elicit, in some, vitriol and fury.

This surprises me somewhat because much of the stimulus package is actually
working. A recent economic study argues that unemployment would have skyrocketed
to over 11 percent without the legislation. While many economists split hairs
over the size of the stimulus package, most agree that it was needed and has
been reasonably successful. James Surowiecki, in a recent New Yorker magazine
article, stated, "The weight of the evidence suggests that fiscal policy
softened the impact of the recession, boosting demand, creating jobs, and
helping the economy start growing again." And the nonpartisan Congressional
Budget Office estimates that the Recovery Act has reduced unemployment by
anywhere from 0.8 percent to 1.7 percent in the past few months.

A recent Boston Globe article ("Not So Bad in Bay State"; Steven Syre, Sept. 28)
stated that Massachusetts places fifth "in economic growth from the start of the
recession to the trough in June 2009 and from that bottom through this summer"
compared to all other states.

"Taken together," said the author, "... those measures of the Massachusetts
economy portray a sputtering machine that still performed better than average in
tough times."

USDA Rural Development is in the job creation and economic revitalization
business. We provide assistance in the form of loans, grants and loan
guarantees. Our loan guarantees encourage local banks to finance local
businesses by mitigating banks' risk - helping farmers and small businesses get
the capital they need.

In Massachusetts alone, we committed over $285 million with a staff of
approximately 40 people. That means for every dollar of funding assistance
provided for infrastructure improvements, emergency response systems, health
care facilities, rural housing and small business job creation, taxpayers have
spent mere pennies on the administration of these vital loans.

The scope of these numbers can obscure the real value of these projects for our
area. The importance of each project can be lost. Thankfully, the importance
isn't lost on local businesses such as Radant Technologies of Stow. USDA Rural
Development recently guaranteed a $2 million local bank loan that will help
Radant expand operations in order to increase production, fulfilling the demand
generated by the business's new contracts, and keeping high-paying manufacturing
jobs in the region.

In Ashburnham, Rural Development recently provided over $2.6 million in
low-interest loan and grant funds to make improvements to the towns' water
distribution and storage system, financing the construction of a new water
storage tank and installing new water mains.

The Warren Public Library also benefited from USDA Rural Development grant
assistance this year. New laptops, scanners and printers were purchased for the
library with help from Rural Development's Community Facilities Grant Program.

And let's not forget about the 280 local families who've been able to purchase
or rent a safe, affordable home with Rural Development's help. Rural
Development's Area Office in Holden, which serves Worcester, Middlesex, Suffolk
and Essex counties, obligated over $59 million in housing assistance this fiscal
year.

Even one person unemployed is an unimaginable hardship made only too real for
many. However, in our region, nearly a thousand jobs have been created or saved
by Rural Development's assistance. And there's an even greater indirect impact
this assistance has on the local economy: providing further job security and
improving the quality of life in rural Massachusetts.

While adversity brings frustration, and the government is often a target, please
recognize that many of us are working very hard to be a part of the solution
rather than a part of the problem.

Jay Healy is the Massachusetts/Connecticut/Rhode Island State Director for USDA
Rural Development.

ART: PHOTO

CUTLINE: Jay Healy

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Folks are hurting, and many are questioning those of us who work in
government. They say we are overpaid and underachieving, especially in
addressing some of the mammoth economic issues facing our nation. Elected
officials are often held in low regard, and taxpayers' frustrations are at the
boiling point. Phrases like "stimulus package" and "job creation" elicit, in
some, vitriol and fury.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              296 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                            July 15, 2009 Wednesday

Rbs In Newcastle Says "we Are Open For Business".

BYLINE: Peter McCusker

SECTION: A; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 449 words


SENIOR managers at the Royal Bank of Scotland have tried to reassure the North
East business community they are "open for business".

Mark Winters, regional director of the RBS business and commercial banking teams
across the North East and Yorkshire,  said he is keen to give entrepreneurs "as
much support as they possibly can" through the credit crunch and the recession.

This comes as new figures show that, nationally, RBS is the lead lender under
the Enterprise Finance Guarantee, which was launched by the Government in
January as a way of boosting cash available to support business.

Mr Winters said on visit to Newcastle: "The message we want to get out to the
North East's entrepreneurs and business community is that we are open for
business. We want to support our customers through the recession and we
understand the needs of the businesses.

"Whether it be short or medium-tern lending, overdrafts facilities or invoice
financing we are in a position to lend support. We are here to help."

Mark Eastwood, director of commercial banking for Newcastle, said: "The service
we offer is not just about lending money.

"We want to develop long-term business relationships and our relationship
managers can help across a range of business issues such as cash and debtor
management, cost control and employment issues."

The Enterprise Finance Guarantee Scheme was set up to help secure up to £1.3bn
of additional bank lending to firms with a turnover of up to £25m.

Mr Winters added: "To date we have led the field in taking applications for the
Enterprise Finance Guarantee scheme, with over £182m worth of loans already
agreed or in the pipeline.

"Of all EFG lending across the industry, NatWest and RBS are responsible for
half of all loans drawn down.

"If we are presented with the right information, applications can be processed
very quickly.  At NatWest and RBS, four out of five EFG loans are processed and
drawn down within three weeks."

One company helped by RBS in recent months is On-Net-Communications, a marketing
consultancy based in Wear Valley, County Durham, which secured a £60,000 funding
package from the RBS as part of the Government backed EFG.

The seven-year-old firm provides market research and contact centre services to
companies that require support on an interim or long-term basis.

David Gray, relationship manager at RBS Commercial Banking, said:
"On-Net-Communications offers a quality led service to companies of all sizes
and we are pleased to support them.

"The purpose of the EFG scheme is to ensure small and medium sized businesses
like On-Net-Communications have the necessary financial backing to support their
business plans in the current climate."

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              297 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

EC Borrowing, Lending Instruments Expand in Scope

                           December 16, 1980, Tuesday

By IVAR NOERGAARD, Minister of Economic Affairs, Denmark


The European Community has in the 1970s widened its scope in many respects.  One
important example is the establishment of the European Monetary System in March,
1979.  This development has led to the strengthening of the already existing
financial instruments and the setting up of new instruments.  The range of the
financial instruments available to the Community is now quite sophisticated; the
community and its institutions have become well-known on the international
capital markets.  The investor may, however, not always be aware of the
backgrounds of the different Community borrowers.

In the following I will therefore describe the different instruments.

The Treaty on the European coal and Steel Community, which was signed in 1951,
provided the basis for this institution to borrow in order to grant loans; the
European Investment Bank was set up by the Treaty of rome signed in 1957.

These instruments were the only Community financial instruments until 1970/71,
when two new mechanisms were adopted in connection with decisions on the
attainment of economic and monetary union: the short-term monetary support
mechanism and the medium-term fiancial assistance mechanism.

In 1975, a regulation on community loans was adopted under the impression of the
large balance-of-payments deficits caused by the rise in oil prices.  In 1977,
the Commission was empowered to borrow to contribute to the financing of nuclear
power stations.  Finally, in 1978, the Commission was empowered to borrow to
contract loans for the purpose of promoting investment within the Community.

The increasing importance of the financial instruments is shown by the fact that
Community borrowings have increased from $234 million in 1970 to $4.9 billion in
1979.

The financial instruments of the Community can by subdivided into those aiming
at financing specific projects and those aiming at helping countries with
balance-of-payments problems.
Project-Finance Instruments

The most important mechanism for project financing is the European Investment
Bank.  The capital is subscribed by the member states.  The bank has legal
personality and operates on a non-profit basis.

The bank's main task is to contribute to the balanced development of the
Community by facilitating the financing of:

projects for developing less-developed regions;

Projects for modernizing or converting undertakings or developng fresh
activities;

projects of common interest to several member states.

However, the bank is not only able to finance projects in the Community, but it
also finances projects in countries associated with the Community and in
Mediterranean countries.

In 1979, the bank granted loans amounting to $3.7 billion.  The necessary funds
are raised on the international capital markets and by capital subscriptions
from the member countries.

The European Coal and Steel community (ECSC) finances investments in the iron
and steel industry.  also, EXSC may finance investments outside the coal and
steel sector, which contribute to increase the production or the consumption of
coal and steel products.  The amount lent in 1979 amounted to $926 million.

Both the EIB and the ECSC are well-established borrowers on the international
capital markets as well as on some 1970s, new Community names have appeared as
borrowers.

The heavy cost of financing nuclear power stations was the reason for the
Euratom facility, under which the Commission is empowered to borrow within a
ceiling of ECU 1 billion to contribute to finance nuclear power stations.

The new Community instrument authorizes borrowing by the Commission to finance
investment projects that contribute to greater convergence and integration of
member states.  The original decision from 1978 limits borrowing to ECU 1
billion a year from the new Community instrument and the European Investment
Bank.  The subsidies are limited to ECU 200 million a year.  This measure was
designed to strengthen the economies of the less prosperous member states
participating fully and effectively in the European Monetary System.
Balance-of-Payments Finance Instruments

The two financial mechanisms adopted in 1970/1971 are the short-term monetary
support and the medium-term financial assistance.  The credits are granted by
the other member states and aim at assisting member countries faced with serious
balance-of-payments difficulties.

The short-term mechanism is based on a system of debtor and credit quotas which
determine each EEC central bank's borrowing entitlements and financing
obligations.  When justified by the circumstances, a "rallonge" mechanism may
enable the amount of support of a debtor country to be increased well over the
quotas.  The total sum of the quotas were raised in 1979 to ECU 7.9 billion, and
the rallonge amounts to ECU 8.8 billion.  The duration of the credits is three
months.  They can, however, be extended for two three-month periods.

The short-term mechanism has only been used once -- in 1974 -- with Italy as the
borrower.

The medium-term finance assistance has no debtor quotas, but each member state
is required to grant credit only up to a specific commitment ceiling.  The total
amount of these ceilings were raised in 1979 to ECU 14.1 million.  As a rule, no
member country can be granted loans amounting to more than 50% of the total
amount of the commitment ceiling.

When assistance is granted, the Council shall determine what undertakings the
recipient member states must enter into.  Credits are granted for a period of
between two and five years.  th medium-term facility has also only been used
once.  Late in 1974, Italy refinanced the short-term credit granted in March,
1974.  The credit was repaid in 1978.

The aim of the Community loan mechanism was to enable the Community to borrow
directly from the oil-producing countries, avoiding the costs of intermediation.
However, the idea of borrowing direct from the oil-producing countries was given
up.  Instead, the Commission floated loans on the international markets and the
national markets.  Under the scheme, borrowing and lending are carried out on
the same terms.  Loans authorized under the scheme cannot exceed $3 billion,
including interest.  In 1976 and 1977, $1.9 billion was borrowed by Italy and
Ireland.  These borrowings -- taking into account that interest has to be
included in the ceiling --borrowings.

After the rise of petroleum prices in 1979/80, the Community's current balance
went through a substantial turnaround from a large surplus in 1978 to a
considerable deficit in 1980.  While no Community country at present has
problems financing the deficit, the Community must expect a long period with
deficits.  These prospects stress the need for mechanisms of a substantial size
if one or more member countries should have difficulties financing their
deficit.  In June, 1980, the Monetary committee was asked by the Council to
examine the Community loan mechanism.  It reported to the Council in October,
suggesting several adjustments of the Community loan regulation.  In November,
the Commission presented a proposal adjusting the Community loan mechanism.

The ceiling in the proposed regulation was raised to ECU 7 billion.  This
increase is at present supported by seven member countries, while Germany and
the Netherlands prefer a smaller increase.  While the ceiling in the present
regulation includes principal and interest, the ceiling in the proposed
regulation only related to the principal.  The proposed ceiling amounting to ECU
7 billion entails a significant increase.  This is motivated by a number of
considerations: there has been an erosion of the real value of the present
regulations ceiling since 1975; the Community's current deficit is expected to
persist for a longer period; and all Community countries are now in deficit.
This is in contrast to the situation after the petroleum price increases in
1973-74, when Germany, Belgium and the Netherlands still had substantial
surpluses.

The present regulation requires that the Council authorize the opening of
negotiations for a loan transaction.  After the negotiations are concluded, it
will approve the borrowing conditions and the economic policy conditions
attached to the loan.  The proposed regulation changes the procedure from a
two-stages to a one in order to simplify the borrowing.  According to the
proposal, the Council decides during the same meeting:

whether to grant the loan;

the amount of the loan;

the economic policy conditions attaching to the loan.

As a new feature, the possibility for disbursing loans in instalments has been
introduced, the disbursement of each instalment being subject to compliance with
the economic policy conditions fixed.

The present regulation does not foresee the possibility of early repayment by
the borrower.  The experience with the present facility has shown the need for
such a possibility and accordingly, the proposed regulation will allow early
repayment.  It will of course require that the securities issued can be redeemed
prior to maturity.

The 1975 facility has a dual-guarantee arrangement under which the loans floated
were guaranteed both by the member states and via the budget of the Community.
However, the view is widely held that an entry on the Community budget will be
sufficient from the lenders' point-of-view.  The Euratom facility and new
Community instrument have only this guarantee.  According to the new proposal,
borrowing will be guaranteed by the Community budget.

The Commission proposal was introduced to the Council at the November meeting
and the Committee of permanent representatives was asked to examine it.  In my
opinion, it is important that this examination is concluded rapidly in order to
assure that the regulation can be adopted in early 1981.  An early adoption will
signify a resolution by the member states to assist each other in the difficult
period ahead of us.  Even if it turns out that there will be no -- or very
limited -- utilization of the increased facility, it will have an important role
to play as a supplementary safety net in relation to the borrowing operations
undertaken by the individual member countries.  It is generally agreed that the
establishment of new financing facilities should not in any way limit the
endeavors by the member countries to achieve the necessary adjustment to
increased energy prices.

SECTION: Pg. 10

LENGTH: 1743 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1980 American Banker, Inc.


                              298 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 8, 2013 Saturday

Supplemental Final Environmental Impact Statement for the Restart of Healy Power
Plant Unit #2

LENGTH: 808 words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register, US Government has issued the following notice:



Action

Notice Of Availability Of A Supplemental Final Environmental Impact Statement.
Summary

The U.S. Department of Agriculture, Rural Utilities Service (RUS), has issued a
Supplemental Final Environmental Impact Statement (SFEIS) for the restart of
Healy Power Plant's Unit #2 in Healy, Alaska. The (SFEIS) supplements a Final
Environmental Impact Statement (FEIS), completed by the Department of Energy
(DOE) in 1993 to evaluate potential impacts to the human environment from DOE's
proposal to partially fund construction of Unit #2 of the Healy Power Plant to
demonstrate emissions control technologies. In 1994, the DOE published a Record
of Decision (ROD) for their FEIS in the Federal Register, Volume 59, Issue 54
(March 21, 1994). In 1997, Healy Unit #2 was constructed as a major modification
to the existing Healy Power Plant's Unit #1, using funding from DOE and the
Alaska Industrial Development and Export Authority (AIDEA). Healy Unit #1 is a
25 megawatt (MW) coal-fired boiler that has been owned and operated by Golden
Valley Electric Association (GVEA) since 1967. Healy Unit #2 is a 50 MW
coal-fired steam generator owned by AIDEA, which underwent test operation for
two years as part of DOE's project. Unit #2 has been in warm layup since late
1999. The SFEIS updates information in DOE's FEIS and considers impacts of
restarting Unit #2 for commercial operation.

The SFEIS is available for a 30-day public review and comment period. Subsequent
to the comment period RUS may issue a ROD.

DATES: Back to Top

Written comments on this Notice must be received on or before July 10, 2013.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Deirdre M. Remley, Environmental Protection Specialist, RUS, Water and
Environmental Programs, Engineering and Environmental Staff, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Stop 1571, Washington, DC 20250-1571, Telephone: (202) 720-9640 or
email: deirdre.remley@wdc.usda.gov The SFEIS is available online at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-eis4.htm or you may contact Ms. Remley for a hard
copy.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

RUS makes loans and loan guarantees to finance new infrastructure and upgrades
to existing facilities in the areas of electricity, telecommunications, and
water and wastewater in rural areas that qualify for federal assistance. During
the 1994 USDA reorganization, the former Rural Electrification Administration
(REA) utility programs were consolidated under RUS. The RUS Electric Program is
authorized to make loans and loan guarantees that finance electric distribution,
transmission, and generation facilities, including construction, system
improvements, and replacements required to furnish and improve electric service
in rural areas. RUS's predecessor, REA, was a cooperating agency on DOE's FEIS,
because it had administrative actions related to its lien interests in GVEA
holdings.

GVEA is a not-for-profit cooperative formed in 1946 with financing from REA to
provide electric service to rural communities in interior Alaska. Because GVEA
is an RUS borrower, RUS holds liens on GVEA assets, and GVEA is eligible for RUS
financing to construct or improve its distribution, transmission, and generation
facilities. AIDEA provides support for the Alaska Energy Authority whose mission
is to reduce the cost of energy in Alaska. AIDEA partially funded construction
of Unit #2, and currently owns this power generation facility that is built
adjacent to and interconnected with GVEA's Unit #1 at the Healy Power Plant.

Unit #2 has been costly for both AIDEA and GVEA to maintain without income from
commercial generation to offset the costs of keeping the facility in warm layup.
AIDEA wishes to sell Unit #2 to GVEA, and GVEA wishes to purchase the facility
and bring it into commercial production to reduce GVEA's reliance on oil-fired
generation by providing a lower cost option for meeting power demand within its
service territory.

As part of the restart of Unit #2, GVEA proposes to install additional emission
controls to both Unit #1 and Unit #2 and to operate Unit #2 for the remainder of
the plant's operational life. GVEA plans to request administrative and financial
assistance from RUS to facilitate its purchase of Unit #2 and improvements to
the Healy Power Plant, which include the installation of additional emission
control equipment.

The SFEIS updated the DOE FEIS by documenting changes in the affected
environment, regulatory requirements, and environmental consequences related to
the commercial operation of Unit #2, which have occurred since the FEIS was
published in 1993. RUS's SFEIS incorporates the DOE FEIS by reference. Both the
FEIS and the SFEIS are available at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-eis4.htm.

For more information please visit: https://www.federalregister.gov/

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              299 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                            Lowell Sun (Lowell, MA)

                           October 24, 2001 Wednesday

'We are small, but growing'

BYLINE: By DENISE MARCHIONDA Sun Correspondent

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 439 words

DATELINE: PELHAM


While the economic slowdown is holding others back, a local maker of medical
devices is moving forward.

And the federal government, for one, is glad to see it.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture [USDA] has agreed to guarantee a 28-year,
$750,000 loan issued to Pelham Plastics Inc. That is helping to allow the
company, whose customers include Medtronic and Boston Scientific, to move ahead
with its development of a new facility.

Pelham Plastics expects to occupy a 10,000-square-foot site at 42 Dick Tracy
Drive by the start of the new year. The company presently occupies just a
quarter of that at 4 Industrial Drive.

"The steel is up and the outside panels are being put in place," said John J.
Mackey, Pelham Plastics' president. "We are small, but growing."

He added that the new facility will allow the firm, a specialty molder of
thermoplastic resins and assembler of custom devices, to take on contracts it
has been forced to turn away due to a shortage of manufacturing space.

In addition, Pelham Plastics has already hired three additional employees and
hopes to recruit more once it is in its new space. It now has a total of nine,
including Mackey.

The USDA's Rural Development program invites companies to apply for loan
guarantees through the federal government agency. Guarantees range up to 80
percent of a loan made by a commercial lender. Loans may be used for working
capital, machinery and equipment, buildings and real estate, and certain types
of debt refinancing.

According to Rob McCarthy, business program specialist for New Hampshire, the
state got $15.3 million to allocate for year 2001. Scoring criteria for loans
include unemployment, income and population rates in a community.

"We look for projects that will create jobs and have value-added manufacturing
capabilities," said McCarthy. He said Pelham Plastics has the potential to
expand, add jobs, and extend its work not only to other states but overseas.

The future looks bright for Pelham Plastics and McCarthy said that is the reason
its loan from First International Bank in Hartford, Conn., was guaranteed.

"Pelham Plastics has reached an important stage in its business history," said
Mackey. "Building a new state-of-the-art medical manufacturing facility is
critical to our continued growth."

He added that sometimes small businesses don't always get respect because of
their size, but that was not the case here.

"They came and looked at our business," said Mackey. "They were interested in
what we did."

For more information about the USDA Rural Development Program, go to
www.rurdev.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2001 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                              300 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                            October 29, 2002 Tuesday

Financings roundup

LENGTH: 937 words


Financings roundup

Rotech files $300M registration; Tullis-Dickerson sets new fund

A Medical Device Daily Staff Report  Rotech Healthcare (Orlando, Florida) has
filed a registration statement on Form S-4 with the Securities and Exchange
Commission to register $300 million of 9 1/2% senior subordinated notes, due
2012, which will be offered in exchange for a like principal amount of 9 1/2%
senior subordinated notes due 2012 which the company issued in March.

Rotech is a provider of home respiratory care and durable medical equipment and
services to patients with breathing disorders such as chronic obstructive
pulmonary diseases. The company provides its equipment and services in 47 states
through more than 600 operating centers, located principally in non-urban
markets.

Tullis-Dickerson & Co. (Greenwich, Connecticut), a venture capital firm with
strong ties in the biomedical, life sciences and medical technology communities,
has closed the Tullis-Dickerson Capital Focus III Fund (TD III). The firm's
fourth and largest fund to date at $122 million, TD III will invest in seed
through mid-stage companies in the areas of life sciences/biotechnology,
healthcare information technology and informatics, medical device systems and
healthcare services. TD III plans to invest in about 15 healthcare companies
located across the U.S., with a deal size of $5 million to  $10 million. TD III
has completed four deals to date.

In other financing news:

·Hemosol (Toronto, Ontario) said it would be obtaining additional funding
through a C$20 million loan from the Bank of Nova Scotia. The company said the
loan would provide sufficient cash resources to support all ongoing clinical
studies into the latter half of calendar 2003 and to commission the company's
Meadowpine manufacturing facility.

"With this new infusion of capital our company will be in a strong position to
significantly advance our clinical and product development programs for
Hemolink," said John Kennedy, president and CEO. "We believe the company now
possesses the necessary funds to complete the ongoing phase II program and to
initiate the pivotal study necessary for registration in the U.S.," he added.

The loan will replace Hemosol's undrawn senior credit facility and will have
substantially more favorable terms for Hemosol than its existing senior credit
facility, including a lower interest rate and less-restrictive covenants, it
said.

The loan will be guaranteed by Hemosol's largest shareholder, MDS (also
Toronto), and will be secured by a fixed and floating charge over all the assets
of Hemosol. Under the guarantee, MDS will be subrogated to and take an
assignment of the rights and remedies of the Bank of Nova Scotia under the loan.

In consideration for providing the guarantee, MDS will receive 5 million
warrants to purchase common shares of Hemosol, which are immediately exercisable
at a price of C$1 per share. Hemosol said it would attempt to repay the loan
within 15 months, however, it may extend the term of the loan to a maximum of 30
months. For each month beyond the initial 15-month term of the loan, MDS may
exercise warrants entitling it to purchase an additional 333,333 common shares
at C$1 per share to a maximum of an additional 5 million shares.

Hemosol is a near-term, commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company focused
initially on developing life-sustaining therapies for the treatment of acute
anemia. Hemosol has a range of products in development, including Hemolink
(hemoglobin raffimer), an oxygen therapeutic that is designed to improve oxygen
delivery via the circulatory system.

Medtronic (Minneapolis, Minnesota) and EndoBionics (San Leandro, California)
reported developing a partnership involving EndoBionics' MicroSyringe technology
for the treatment of coronary artery disease. The MicroSyringe, which provides
for the direct delivery of therapeutic agents into the adventitia, or outer
membrane of an artery, could potentially be used in conjunction with
drug-eluting stents or without them in treating a variety of coronary artery
diseases, such as restenosis, the firms said.

Medtronic has made a minority equity investment in EndoBionics with an exclusive
option to license the technology for coronary artery indications. Financial
terms of the agreement were not disclosed.

"Many next-generation medical devices will include both a device and a biologic,
and we are committed to offering a broad portfolio of therapeutic solutions
consistent with what we believe is the future for treating diseases of the
vascular architecture," said Bill Hawkins, president of Medtronic Vascular.
"EndoBionics' MicroSyringe offers a novel drug delivery approach that fits
nicely with the current portfolio of innovative technologies we have under
development, including drug-eluting stents." He added that his company is
particularly interested in the device's ability to deliver drugs
non-systemically with the potential for diffusion over a large surface area of
the diseased vessel.

The MicroSyringe is designed to inject through the walls of arteries from within
the vessel. In preclinical studies, the MicroSyringe has consistently delivered
a therapeutic agent to the adventitia in coronary arteries. Medtronic and
EndoBionics plan to conduct further preclinical studies to evaluate the safety
and efficacy of delivering drugs directly to the adventitia for the treatment of
restenosis via MicroSyringe technology.

EndoBionics is a development-stage medical device company developing drug/device
systems for local treatment of tumors and vascular, cardiac and neurological
diseases.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2002 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              301 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                            June 14, 2006 Wednesday

Grants to Enhance Charters' Bond Issues

BYLINE: Craig T. Ferris

SECTION: THE REGIONS; Pg. 7 Vol. 356 No. 32402

LENGTH: 217  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Seven grants totaling $36.6 million have been awarded to

organizations in six states and the District of Columbia to provide credit

enhancements meant to encourage the issuance of bonds for charter schools,

the U.S. Department of Education announced yesterday. The grants, made

through the Charter Schools Facilities Grants program, facilitate bond

issuance by or for charter schools by allowing the funds to be used to

guarantee, insure, or reinsure bonds, notes, and other debt used to finance

charter school facilities.

The funds are to be placed in a reserve account, which will then be used

to guarantee debt issued to acquire, construct, or renovate charter school

facilities. However, the reserve account funds cannot be used for the direct

purchase, lease, renovation, or construction of school buildings, the

department said.

The organizations and amounts they received are: Local Initiatives

Support Corp., New York, $8.2 million; Community Loan Fund of New Jersey,

Trenton, $8.15 million; KIPP Foundation, San Francisco, $6.8 million; Charter

Schools Development Corp., Washington, $6.6 million; Texas Public Finance

Authority, Austin, $3.1 million; Center for Community Self-Help, Durham,

N.C., $2.2 million; and Raza Development Fund, Phoenix, $1.6 million.

http://www.bondbuyer.com http://www.sourcemedia.com

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: b


                        Copyright 2006 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              302 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                           November 25, 2010 Thursday

Rural development at work

BYLINE: Jay Healy

SECTION: COMMENTARY; AS I SEE IT; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 704 words


Folks are hurting, and many are questioning those of us who work in government.
They say we are overpaid and underachieving, especially in addressing some of
the mammoth economic issues facing our nation. Elected officials are often held
in low regard, and taxpayers' frustrations are at the boiling point. Phrases
like "stimulus package" and "job creation" elicit, in some, vitriol and fury.

This surprises me somewhat because much of the stimulus package is actually
working. A recent economic study argues that unemployment would have skyrocketed
to over 11 percent without the legislation. While many economists split hairs
over the size of the stimulus package, most agree that it was needed and has
been reasonably successful. James Surowiecki, in a recent New Yorker magazine
article, stated, "The weight of the evidence suggests that fiscal policy
softened the impact of the recession, boosting demand, creating jobs, and
helping the economy start growing again." And the nonpartisan Congressional
Budget Office estimates that the Recovery Act has reduced unemployment by
anywhere from 0.8 percent to 1.7 percent in the past few months.

A recent Boston Globe article ("Not So Bad in Bay State"; Steven Syre, Sept. 28)
stated that Massachusetts places fifth "in economic growth from the start of the
recession to the trough in June 2009 and from that bottom through this summer"
compared to all other states.

"Taken together," said the author, "... those measures of the Massachusetts
economy portray a sputtering machine that still performed better than average in
tough times."

USDA Rural Development is in the job creation and economic revitalization
business. We provide assistance in the form of loans, grants and loan
guarantees. Our loan guarantees encourage local banks to finance local
businesses by mitigating banks' risk - helping farmers and small businesses get
the capital they need.

In Massachusetts alone, we committed over $285 million with a staff of
approximately 40 people. That means for every dollar of funding assistance
provided for infrastructure improvements, emergency response systems, health
care facilities, rural housing and small business job creation, taxpayers have
spent mere pennies on the administration of these vital loans.

The scope of these numbers can obscure the real value of these projects for our
area. The importance of each project can be lost. Thankfully, the importance
isn't lost on local businesses such as Radant Technologies of Stow. USDA Rural
Development recently guaranteed a $2 million local bank loan that will help
Radant expand operations in order to increase production, fulfilling the demand
generated by the business's new contracts, and keeping high-paying manufacturing
jobs in the region.

In Ashburnham, Rural Development recently provided over $2.6 million in
low-interest loan and grant funds to make improvements to the towns' water
distribution and storage system, financing the construction of a new water
storage tank and installing new water mains.

The Warren Public Library also benefited from USDA Rural Development grant
assistance this year. New laptops, scanners and printers were purchased for the
library with help from Rural Development's Community Facilities Grant Program.

And let's not forget about the 280 local families who've been able to purchase
or rent a safe, affordable home with Rural Development's help. Rural
Development's Area Office in Holden, which serves Worcester, Middlesex, Suffolk
and Essex counties, obligated over $59 million in housing assistance this fiscal
year.

Even one person unemployed is an unimaginable hardship made only too real for
many. However, in our region, nearly a thousand jobs have been created or saved
by Rural Development's assistance. And there's an even greater indirect impact
this assistance has on the local economy: providing further job security and
improving the quality of life in rural Massachusetts.

While adversity brings frustration, and the government is often a target, please
recognize that many of us are working very hard to be a part of the solution
rather than a part of the problem.

Jay Healy is the Massachusetts/Connecticut/Rhode Island State Director for USDA
Rural Development.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
Jay Healy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              303 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                             March 3, 2009 Tuesday

Boost for small business; Manufacturing Dolphin Steel Systems Inc. to receive
loan guarantee from Business New Brunswick

BYLINE: REBECCA PENTY Telegraph-Journal

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 306  words


Government is giving a steel manufacturing company in Miramichi a boost today.

Business New Brunswick Minister Greg Byrne will announce a working capital loan
guarantee with the intent to help Dolphin Steel Systems Inc. add 10 positions to
its workforce of nine to fulfill existing contracts.

The company employs a team of engineers, designers, roll form operators,
assembly and erection staff.

Dolphin Steel manufacturers light gauge steel building systems and components in
its 36,000-square-foot facility.

The company makes products for the construction sector from raw coiled sheet
steel roll through its cold-formed steel production line.

This process produces a variety of building systems - wall systems, floor
systems and roof systems - and components, including studs, track, channels,
headers and joists for use in commercial, residential, industrial, retail and
warehousing structures.

The company was formed in 2006 and got a hand from then-premier Bernard Lord's
government to set up shop.

Under the Miramichi Regional Economic Development Fund, Dolphin received
$260,000 to establish its manufacturing facility, which was also supported by
$500,000 from the Atlantic Canada Opportunities Agency through its Business
Development Program.

Byrne, along with Miramichi Centre MLA and Public Safety Minister John Foran,
Miramichi Bay du Vin MLA Bill Fraser and company president Clyde Hamilton will
attend the 2 p.m. announcement.

A government source said Business New Brunswick's loan guarantee is an example
of its support of small business in the province.

"The growth of this innovative company is proof that small businesses can be
successful and productive in New Brunswick," the source said.

"Although 10 jobs may seem modest in the larger scheme of things, these are 10
good jobs and certainly will be very welcome in the community."

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2009 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              304 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                                August 25, 2008

FHLBanks Get New Bond Authority

BYLINE: Brian Collins

SECTION: Pg. 20 Vol. 32 No. 46

LENGTH: 460  words


WASHINGTON-Congress has granted the Federal Home Loan Banks broader authority to
guarantee municipal bonds and provide a backstop for community banks that want
to facilitate financing of community and economic development projects.

The 12 FHLBanks have issued letters of credit to guarantee tax-exempt financing
for housing-related projects for some time.

But with all the problems in the credit markets and with the bond insurers,
Congress decided to open the door for the FHLBanks to temporarily provide relief
for small towns and cities that need financing for the construction and
renovations of roads, bridges, sewer projects, schools, medical facilities and
public buildings. This authority expires in two years.

Of course, several FHLBanks lobbied very hard for this new authority, which
Congress included in a major housing bill that President Bush signed on July 30.
And no one pushed harder than Pittsburgh FHLBank president John Price.

"We are tremendously pleased that the president has signed into law historic
legislation that empowers the nation's FHLBanks to do even more on behalf of
community and economic development," Mr. Price said.

With this expanded authority, small- and medium-size banks will be able to
guarantee new issues of tax-exempt bonds or refinance existing bonds with the
assistance of their FHLBank.

The local bank issues a letter of credit to cover the municipal bond and the
FHLBank guarantees the letter of credit.

"We provide an AAA-backed letter of credit to wrap around the member's letter.
We are the backstop," said Pittsburgh FHLBank spokesman Neil Cotiaux.

The member has to put up collateral for the standby letter of credit, just like
they put up collateral to borrow from the FHLBank. The Pittsburgh bank has yet
to tell its members how much collateral will be required.

"You have to work with members to get this opportunity to work," Mr. Cotiaux
said. But he noted that a number of public works projects have stalled in the
Pittsburgh district - Pennsylvania, Delaware, West Virginia - over the past year
as bond insurers have been downgraded.

"There has been a big void left in the marketplace," the spokesman said.

Meanwhile, the Pittsburgh FHLBank remains committed to the Mortgage Partnership
Finance program and it continues to purchase $30 million to $50 million in
single-family mortgages a month from its members.

Craig Howie, group director for member services, said the bank likes to produce
enough loan volume to keep up with the runoff on its $6 billion MPF portfolio.

The Pittsburgh FHLBank also has volunteered to purchase MPF loans from Chicago
FHLBank members for a few months since the Chicago bank has to conserve capital.

This commitment has increased Pittsburgh's mortgage purchases by $100 million a
month.

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com/

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2008 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              305 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                            August 24, 2006 Thursday

£2m Vale loan: pledge to taxpayers

BYLINE:  Laura Naylor

SECTION: Pg. 5

LENGTH: 471 words


Taxpayers have been told council officials will monitor Port Vale after agreeing
to lend the club £2.25 million of public cash.

City councillors concerned about how the money will be spent were given a tour
of Vale Park yesterday to see the club's existing community facilities.

And the visit reassured councillors that taxpayers will benefit from the deal.

City councillor Roger Ibbs, who chairs the council's partnerships and external
funding commission, said: "The monitoring of the loan will be done by the
council and Port Vale, with the implementation of a rigorous evaluation and
review procedure.

"There will also be a mapping exercise to establish what is there now and what
is there after the plans, so we can demonstrate the difference.

"We need to demonstrate what has been accrued because of the plan, and that was
not part of the loan agreement.

"None of us were against the plans but they needed tightening to make sure we
could show how they were being delivered, and we can now guarantee it will be
monitored.

"All the checks and balances are now in place."

The low-interest loan - which is coming from city council investments and will
not affect next year's council tax - will be over 15 to 20 years, and the
Burslem club will have to provide community facilities, such as a children's
centre.

Some councillors were angry public money was being used to help the club, but
have since been reassured residents will gain from the investment.

Port Vale chairman Bill Bratt said: "At Port Vale we try to be inclusive of all
communities and groups in Stoke-on-Trent.

"Schools come here to use our facilities, and if we can get more kids interested
in football that can only be a positive thing.

"We want the same thing as the council - to act as a partnership and do things
for the community, because without local people we would not survive.

"In our eyes, this loan is just that - we will pay it back. And the council is
safeguarded by our mortgage on the ground and all the fixtures and fittings in
the club.

"This community facility plan is part of our ideal and we care very deeply about
the area and the people living in it.

"We are not here to make a profit. All we want to do is what is right as a
community football team."

Mr Ibbs added: "Port Vale does a lot of community work that not everyone is
aware of.

"The club is a very good model for what football clubs should do.

"Already it supports a lot of school children and disadvantaged groups, for
example with its IT facilities for after school activities, which keep
youngsters off the streets.

"The loan should add to the work the club already does and will benefit the
community not only in terms of sport, but with other activities also.

"And the recommendations that have been passed to monitor the delivery of
enhanced work reassure us that these aims will be met."

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 The Sentinel (Stoke)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              306 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                           December 11, 2014 Thursday

EU-EDFI PRIVATE SECTOR DEVELOPMENT FACILITY EEDF

LENGTH: 563  words


Release date: 10 December 2014
Sector(s) :  Credit lines
Proposed EIB finance (Approximate amount) :  EUR 43 million
Promoter

Financial Intermediary : EFP and ICCF members
Description : This facility will provide, from the resources of the 10th
European Development Fund (EDF), guarantees (partial credit guarantees - PCGs)
of up to EUR 43.2m, administered by the EIB on behalf of the EU and technical
assistance (TA) of EUR 5m for early stage projects, to private sector investment
projects in the energy sector in Sub-Saharan Africa that are eligible under the
Sustainable Energy for All (SE4All) initiative.


Objectives : Through the implementation of the EU-EDFI Private Sector
Development Facility (EEDF), the financing institutions that make up the
European Financing Partners (EFP) and the Interact Climate Change Facility
(ICCF), in collaboration with the European Commission, would address the overall
objective of reducing poverty and promoting economic development in Sub-Saharan
Africa, and more specifically, increasing access to modern energy services, and
promoting investments in renewable energy and in energy efficiency projects.
To achieve this, EEDF grant finance would leverage EFP/ICCF loan or equity
finance in a new risk-sharing mechanism to address SE4All objectives in the
following way: under EFP/ICCF the EDFIs and the EIB may consider to support
private sector projects in the energy sector that address the objectives of
SE4All but that are either at an early stage of development and/or have a higher
risk profile than would normally be acceptable to them. In addition, TA would be
available under the EEDF, to support feasibility studies, capacity building and
advisory services, and/or provide a guarantee to the EFP/ICCF Financing Partners
in order to facilitate the mobilisation of loan or equity finance to high impact
projects in terms of SE4All objectives that are high risk and may otherwise not
be acceptable for funding. Both TA and guarantees thus would provide significant
additionality to financing partners' portfolios.
The EIB would manage the facility on behalf of the EC. All decisions will be
taken by either the EFP or the ICCF Investment Committee, in which the
Commission will be represented.
Environmental aspects :  Eligibility criteria under SE4ALL:
- The project must be an investment project aligned with at least one of the
following objectives: energy access, energy efficiency, as well as renewable
energy.
- Notably, the object of investment can be access to energy, rural
electrification, clean cooking, and energy efficiency. Projects can take place
in rural, peri-urban and urban areas.

- Except for rural electrification, an investment project for energy access
should provide additional services to at least 50,000 beneficiaries.
- A rural electrification investment project should provide access to at least
10,000 beneficiaries.
- The recipient must commit to applying proper consultation mechanisms, building
on inter
Project completion date : 2015-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : EUROPEAN FINANCING PARTNERS (EFP)

Address : 412F, route d'Esch
Luxembourg,  1471

Country :Luxembourg
Financier : European Investment Bank (EIB),

Financier address : European Investment Bank
98-100, boulevard Konrad Adenauer
L-2950 Luxembourg
Website : www.eib.org /
Tel : (+352) 43 79 1
Fax : (+352) 43 77 04

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2014 Tenders Info
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              307 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                              May 3, 2007 Thursday

Bill Would Let FHLBs Issue LOCs for Development Deals

BYLINE: Andrew Ackerman

SECTION: WASHINGTON; Pg. 4 Vol. 360 No. 32623

LENGTH: 633  words


Rep. Sander Levin, D-Mich., introduced legislation Tuesday that would

allow the 12 Federal Home Loan Banks to provide credit enhancements to

tax-exempt economic development bond transactions.

The legislation would change the federal tax code allowing FHLBs to issue

letters of credit for small industrial development bond deals or transactions

involving small nonprofit health care facilities, colleges, or universities.

The tax code would have to be amended because currently only housing

bonds can be backed by a federal guarantee and still retain their tax-exempt

status.

Levin's bill is essentially identical to previous ones introduced in

Congress by Rep. Phil English, R-Pa., that came after the Internal Revenue

Service began auditing deals in which the banks had issued what it dubbed

"illegal federal guarantees" on the bonds. Those bills were never acted upon.

However, Levin's bill, unlike the previous one, is co-sponsored by Paul

E. Kanjorski, D-Pa., chairman of the House Financial Services Committee's

subcommittee on capital markets, insurance, and government sponsored

enterprises, as well as by English and Rep. Deborah Pryce, R-Ohio, so it has

a better chance of being voted on by the panel.

Charles A. Samuels, an attorney at Mintz Levin Cohn Ferris Glovsky and

Popeo PC here, predicted the bill will be enacted by Congress.

"This is a very inexpensive piece of legislation that's only going to

have a modest effect in the big picture of deals but a very significant

effect for a very select group of small governments and institutions,"

Samuels said.

Samuels represents the National Council of Health Facilities Finance

Authorities and the National Association of Higher Education Facilities

Authorities, who support the legislation, he said. The National League of

Cities also supports it.

Levin said in a statement yesterday, "This legislation will help provide

our communities with access to capital at the lowest possible costs. The

needs are almost limitless, but resources unfortunately are not, and this

legislation will help those scarce resources go farther."

Supporters argue that the bill is crucial for local projects financed by

small issuers that have trouble accessing capital markets. They also note

that it would put the FHLB system on the same level as Fannie Mae and Freddie

Mac, two other government-sponsored enterprises who are permitted to issue

letters of credit in support of tax-exempt bonds.

As with previous bills, Levin's would apply to bonds sold after

enactment, leaving previously issued debt uncovered and still open to IRS

scrutiny.

Bond insurers have said they would oppose such legislation, arguing that

it would permit FHLBs to enter into a market that is already well served by

private firms, would reduce the fiscal discipline that the capital markets

currently imposed on issuers, and would significantly limit the tax revenues

currently paid to the federal, state, and local governments, based on the

assumption that private credit enhancers would be displaced by the banks.

Those arguments were made by Gary C. Dunton, the president and chief

executive officer of MBIA Inc., speaking on behalf of the Association of

Financial Guaranty Insurers last month at a debate sponsored by the

conservative-leaning American Enterprise Institute. He added that the

proposal would create a double government subsidy because the bonds would

retain their tax-exempt status and would also be backed by the GSEs, which

panelists said already reduces the banks' borrowing costs by at least 40

basis points.

Though the volume of bonds that could be enhanced by the banks is not

known, the Congressional Budget Office has estimated that $6 million would be

diverted from federal coffers if FHLBs were allowed to provide letters of

credit for tax-exempt deals.

http://www.bondbuyer.com http://www.sourcemedia.com

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: b


                        Copyright 2007 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              308 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                            December 23, 2005 Friday
                           BLACKSTONE VALLEY EDITION

USDA funding sought by town;
School roofs, fire station top the list in Northbridge

BYLINE: Linda Bock, TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 570 words

DATELINE: NORTHBRIDGE


Town officials plan to seek federal assistance for the new roofs for the middle
school and police station, for the proposed new fire station and, eventually,
for a new Department of Public Works facility.

Town Manager Michael J. Coughlin told the Board of Selectmen that some town
officials recently met with Diane King of the U.S. Department of Agriculture
Rural Development Agency to get information on how to obtain federal assistance
through the community facility funding program.

Mr. Coughlin told the Board of Selectmen on Monday night that in order to begin
the process for the roofs and fire station, a preapplication must be submitted.
He said a preapplication for a DPW facility would be submitted after a suitable
location is found, and that he hopes it is sometime in the near future. He
described the pre-applications as labor-intensive. The board unanimously voted
to approve submitting the pre-applications.

"I have coordinated this effort with our representative in Washington who stands
ready to assist the town in obtaining funding for these badly needed projects,"
Mr. Coughlin told the board. "Our hope is to have funding allocated for all
three projects by the close of this fiscal year."

According to the USDA, the type of assistance is available in rural areas, towns
with a population of 20,000 or fewer inhabitants. Community facilities
considered for funding are those essential facilities that are necessary for the
orderly community development.

Examples are health care facilities such as clinics, rehabilitation centers and
hospitals. Also, public safety areas, such as police, fire and rescue
communications, vehicles, stations and equipment. Another category is public
services, including child care, day care, airports, libraries, town halls and
schools. And another is telecommunications, including for medical and
educational uses.

Community facility loans are made to construct, enlarge, extend or otherwise
improve community facilities providing essential services in rural areas. Funds
are available to public entities such as municipalities, counties,
special-purpose districts, federally recognized tribal groups and corporations
not operated for profit. Direct loans are available at fixed interest rates that
may be as low as 5 percent with terms up to 40 years. Rural Housing Service also
guarantees community facility loans made by banks or other eligible lenders.

Community facility grants can be used to assist rural areas in developing
essential public community facilities.

"Our goal is to obtain funding in this fiscal year," Mr. Coughlin said.

George S. Murray, director of operations and business manger for the Northbridge
school district, and a member of the Building, Planning and Construction
Committee, told selectmen that the design specifications for the middle school
roof are about 75 percent complete. He said the bids for the project could go
out by next month or February, and the project to replace the roof on the middle
school will take up to six months.

The middle school roof and police station have had heavy water damage.

Fire Chief Gary Nestor was also at the selectmen's meeting, and said the
82-year-old fire station does not meet today's needs, and with the board's
approval, he was prepared to begin the pre-application process.

Mr. Coughlin said the Board of Selectmen will meet at 7 p.m. Jan. 9 in Town Hall
and will probably set a special town meeting.

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              309 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          November 25, 1993, Thursday

County guarantees loans for new facility

BYLINE: By Wayne Snow STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EXTRA; Section M; Page 29

LENGTH: 317 words


The Fayette County Commission has agreed to guarantee loans to build a $ 2.2
million industrial building in Peachtree City.

The county's participation in the project means Trigon Packaging Corp., a New
Zealand-based company, will be locating its new manufacturing operation here.

In the short term, that will mean 40 to 50 jobs during the next year, and
expansion plans could push the total to more than 100 within five years.

"The risk to Fayette County taxpayers is virtually nil," said John Boothby,
executive director of the Fayette County Development Authority. "The bottom line
is this deal is about as risk-free as any out there."

Company officials had looked at other locations in the Southeast, but company
officials said they preferred this area.

"They want to be part of this community. For them to choose us above everyone
else is a real honor," Commissioner Bill Bonner said.

Under the terms of the deal, the Development Authority will issue revenue bonds
to cover construction costs.

The authority will own the building and lease it to Trigon under terms that will
allow the lease payments to pay off the loans.

Commission chairman Steve Wallace emphasized the project involves the county's
credit, not its tax dollars.

Trigon had first looked to build its own facility in Peachtree City, but company
officials said that plan failed to meet the test of financial reality.

Under this arrangement, Trigon eventually could buy the building from the
Development Authority for the outstanding amount of the loan.

By using industrial revenue bonds and the county's good credit rating, the
building can be financed cheaper than by going through a private developer.

The county expects its benefit to come in additional tax revenue, estimated at $
94,000 a year.

Trigon Packaging manufactures plastic courier bags and envelopes used by banks
and overnight shipping companies.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH933350717

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              310 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 31, 2016 Wednesday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals

LENGTH: 1461  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Utilities Service
(RUS)



  The Department of Agriculture has submitted the following information
collection requirement(s) to Office of Management and Budget (OMB) for review
and clearance under the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, Public Law 104-13.
Comments are requested regarding (1) whether the collection of information is
necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the agency, including
whether the information will have practical utility; (2) the accuracy of the
agency's estimate of burden including the validity of the methodology and
assumptions used; (3) ways to enhance the quality, utility and clarity of the
information to be collected; (4) ways to minimize the burden of the collection
of information on those who are to respond, including through the use of
appropriate automated, electronic, mechanical, or other technological collection
techniques or other forms of information technology.





 Comments regarding this information collection received by September 29, 2016
will be considered. Written comments should be addressed to: Desk Officer for
Agriculture, Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management
and Budget (OMB), New Executive Office Building, 725 17th Street NW.,
Washington, DC 20502. Commenters are encouraged to submit their comments to OMB
via email to: OIRA_Submission@OMB.EOP.GOV or fax (202) 395-5806 and to
Departmental Clearance Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC
20250-7602. Copies of the submission(s) may be obtained by calling (202)
720-8958.



 An agency may not conduct or sponsor a collection of information unless the
collection of information displays a currently valid OMB control number and the
agency informs potential persons who are to respond to the collection of
information that such persons are not required to respond to the collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB control number.

 Rural Utilities Service



 Title: Preloan Procedures and Requirements for Telecommunications Program.



 OMB Control Number: 0572-0079.



 Summary of Collection: The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) is a credit agency of
the U.S. Department of Agriculture. It makes mortgage loans and loan guarantees
to finance telecommunications, electric, and water and waste facilities in rural
areas with a loan portfolio that totals nearly $58 billion. RUS manages loan
programs in accordance with the Rural Electrification Act of 1936, 7 U.S.C. 901
et. seq. as amended, (RE Act). Section 201 of the RE Act authorizes the
Administrator to make loans to qualified telephone companies for the purpose of
providing telephone service to the widest practicable number of rural
subscribers.



 Need and Use of the Information: RUS will collect information using several
forms to determine an applicant's eligibility to borrow from RUS under the terms
of the RE Act. The information is also used to determine that the Government's
security for loans made by RUS are reasonably adequate and that the loans will
be repaid within the time agreed. Without the information, RUS could not
effectively monitor each borrower's compliance with the loan terms and
conditions to properly ensure continued loan security.



 Description of Respondents: Business or other for-profit; Not-for-profit
institutions.



 Number of Respondents: 18.



 Frequency of Responses: Reporting: On occasion.



 Total Burden Hours: 4,687.

 Rural Utilities Service



 Title: RUS Form 444,  "Wholesale Power Contracts."



 OMB Control Number: 0572-0089.



 Summary of Collection: The Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (RE Act) as
amended (7 U.S.C. 901 et seq.), authorizes the Rural Utilities Service (RUS) to
make and guarantee loans in the States and Territories of the United States that
will enable rural consumers to obtain electric power. Rural consumers formed
non-profit electric distribution cooperatives, groups of these distribution
cooperatives banded together to form Generation and Transmission cooperatives
(G&T's) that generate or purchase power and transmit the power to the
distribution systems. All RUS and G&T borrowers will enter into a Wholesale
Power Contract with their distribution members by using RUS Form 444, as adapted
to meet the needs of the borrower.



 Need and Use of the Information: To fulfill the purposes of the RE Act RUS will
collect information to improve the credit quality and credit worthiness of loans
and loan guarantees to G&T borrowers. RUS works closely with lending
institutions that provide supplemental loan funds to borrowers. If the
information were not collected, RUS could not determine whether Federal security
interest would be adequately protected.



 Description of Respondents: Not-for profit institutions; Business or other
for-profit.



 Number of Respondents: 13.



 Frequency of Responses: Reporting: On occasion.



 Total Burden Hours: 78.

 Rural Utilities Service



 Title: 7 CFR 1703, Subparts D, E, F, and G, Distance Learning and Telemedicine
Loan and Grant Program.



 OMB Control Number: 0572-0096.



 Summary of Collection: The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) is a credit agency of
the Department of Agriculture and is authorized by Chapter 1 of subtitle D of
the Food, Agriculture, Conservation and Trade Act of 1990. The purpose of the
Distance Learning and Telemedicine Loan and Grant Program is to improve
telemedicine services and distance learning services in rural areas through the
use of telecommunications, computer networks, and related advanced technologies
by students, teachers, medical professionals and rural residents. Section 6201
of Title VI of the 2014 Farm Bill (Pub. L. 113-79) amended 7 U.S.C. 950aaa et
seq, by extending the term of the program to the year 2018.



 Need and Use of the Information: The various forms and narrative statements
required are collected from eligible applicants that are public and private,
for-profit and not-for-profit rural community facilities, schools, libraries,
hospitals, and medical facilities. The purpose of this information is to
determine such factors as: Eligibility of the applicant; the specific nature of
the proposed project; the purposes for which loan and grant funds will be used;
project financial and technical feasibility; and compliance with the applicable
laws and regulations.



 Description of Respondents: Business or other for-profit; Not-for-profit
institutions; State, Local or Tribal Government.



 Number of Respondents: 190.



 Frequency of Responses: Recordkeeping; Reporting: On occasion.



 Total Burden Hours: 11,031.

 Rural Utilities Service



 Title: Special Evaluation Assistance for Rural Communities and Households
Program (SEARCH).



 OMB Control Number: 0572-0146.



 Summary of Collection: The Food, Conservation and Energy Act of 2008, Public
Law 110-234 (Farm Bill) amended Section 306(a)(2) of the Consolidated Farm and
Rural Development Act (CONACT) (7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(2)). The amendment created a
grant program to make Special Evaluation Assistance for Rural Communities and
Households (SEARCH) Program grants.



 Under the SEARCH program, the Secretary may make predevelopment and planning
grants to public or quasi-public agencies, organizations operated on a
not-for-profit basis or Indian tribes on Federal and State reservations and
other federally recognized Indian tribes. The grant recipients use the grant
funds for feasibility studies, design assistance, and technical assistance for
direct loans, grants and guaranteed loans, to financially distress communities
in rural areas with populations of 2,500 or fewer inhabitants for water and
waste disposal projects as authorized in Sections 306(a)(1), 306(a)(2) and
306(a)(24) of the CONACT.



 Need and Use of the Information: Applicants applying for SEARCH grants must
submit an application which includes an application form, various other forms,
certifications, and supplemental information. Rural Utility Service will use the
information collected from applicants, borrowers, and consultants to determine
applicant eligibility, project feasibility, and the applicant's ability to meet
the grant and regulatory requirements.



 Failure to collect proper information could result in improper determinations
of eligibility, improper use of funds, or hindrances in making grants authorized
by the SEARCH program.



 Description of Respondents: Not-for-profit Institutions and State, Local or
Tribal Government.



 Number of Respondents: 125.



 Frequency of Responses: Reporting: On occasion.



 Total Burden Hours: 3,688.

 Charlene Parker,

 Departmental Information Collection Clearance Officer.

 [FR Doc. 2016-20725 Filed 8-29-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-15-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              311 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                               December 14, 1992

Going for growth to combat recession

SECTION: Pg. 7

LENGTH: 653 words


A MULTI-billion pound growth plan for Europe was unveiled by EC finance
ministers yesterday.

The economic initiative, smaller than initially outlined two months ago, will be
aimed at funding large capital projects to promote jobs and confidence.

Ministers gloomily predicted that unemployment in Europe could reach 11% next
year as the economies of the EC slide into recession.

The agreement on the package clears the way for a new investment fund which is
expected to generate up to 18 billion ECUs (£14.4 billion) of investment in
capital projects and smaller businesses Europe- wide.

There will also be a separate short-term credit facility worth five billion ECUs
(£4 billion) to spend on transport networks.

So-called "missing links" -- where national transport networks fail to meet up
to those of neighbouring countries -- will be a target for the new funds.

EC finance ministers will discuss the fine print on the growth plan over the
next two months and the package is expected to be in place in mid-1993.

EC finance commissioner Henning Christophersen said the package was aimed
primarily at boosting confidence to combat growing recession.

Finance ministers have also agreed to take separate measures on a national scale
which includes promoting investment on capital projects and boosting training
and education.

Mr Christophersen said the EC would take on "high profile" projects around
Europe, including road networks, developing inter-EC electricity grids, and
improving access to former countries of the Soviet bloc.

The European Investment Fund will have initial funds of two billion ECUs (£1.6
billion), paid by the EC (30%), private bank (30%), and the European Investment
Bank (40%).

Mr Christophersen said the initial start-up capital would generate loans and new
investment of up to 18 billion ECUs (£14.4 billion).

He said the two credit facilities could between them generate up to 30 billion
ECUs (£24 billion) of investment.

Fear of recession has dominated the talks amongst finance ministers following
the slow-down in Germany, the powerhouse of the European economy.

Ministers believe lower interest rates are necessary to help stimulate growth,
but warned that "sound money policies" were still needed to ensure interest
rates could fall, adding that lower interest rates on their own were not a
panacea for Europe's economic malaise.

In the 10 point strategy for growth the European Community will:

* Complete the single market on time and work for an early Gatt settlement.

* Establish a new time-limited lending facility within the European Investment
Bank to finance infrastructure projects throughout the Community, especially
trans-European networks; lend up to 75% of the value of projects instead of the
normal 50%; provide extra investment of £6 billion to £7 billion.

* Set up a new European investment fund to guarantee loans on investment in
trans-European networks, and particularly loans to small and medium sized
enterprises. Guarantees could be around £5 billion, supporting additional
projects of £16 billion to £17 billion.

* Provide additional resources in a new financing deal for investment in
transport, energy, and other infrastructure, particularly in poorer regions of
the community.

* Reduce burdens that community legislation places on business.

* Identify measures to improve work and level markets.

The member states will:

* Give priority to investment projects within total public spending plans that
are affordable and encourage private investment.

* Pursue sound government finance coupled with low inflation and wage moderation
to help create the conditions for reductions in interest rates.

* Keep public sector wage deals under tight control.

* Improve the way their economies work by reducing subsidies and enchancing
competition.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                   Copyright 1992 Caledonian Newspapers Ltd.


                              312 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Albany Herald (Georgia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 13, 2016 Tuesday

Southwest Georgia receives $14.3 million in U.S. Department of Agriculture
funding

BYLINE: The Albany Herald, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 463 words


Sept. 13--WASHINGTON -- U.S. Rep. Sanford D. Bishop, D-Albany, announced that
the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development Agency has approved $14.3
million in project development grants and loans to five recipients in Southwest
Georgia.

The recipients are the Fort Gaines Police Department, the Ellaville Police
Department, Pataula Charter Academy, the Development Authority of Macon County
and South Georgia Technical College, a news release from Bishop's office said.

"The grants and loans awarded by the Rural Development agency will be extremely
beneficial for the 2nd Congressional District of Georgia," he said. "These
resources will be used to improve educational training, increase the use of
green technology and replace outdated equipment."

Pataula Charter Academy in Edison will receive a $14 million community facility
direct loan in order to build a new educational facility and multipurpose
building. The state-commissioned charter school serves Baker, Calhoun, Clay,
Early and Randolph counties, and includes grades K-12.

The Development Authority of Macon County will receive a $99,000 rural business
development grant to purchase a flying saw that will be leased to Enviro
Builders, a company focused on constructing green insulated panels for net-zero
energy housing.

The city of Fort Gaines will receive an economic impact initiative grant of
$50,000 and a community facility loan of $26,800 in order to purchase two new
police vehicles for its police department. The city of Ellaville was also
awarded a grant of $29,500 and a loan totaling $9,900 under the Community
Facility Loan and Grant Program to purchase a new fully-equipped patrol vehicle.

South Georgia Technical College in Americus will receive a rural business
development grant totaling $99,000 to upgrade the college's truck driving
simulator. Students enrolled in the institution's Commercial Truck Driving
Program will benefit from the updated tractor trailers and cabs.

The USDA Rural Development Agency provides both technical assistance and loans,
grants and loan guarantees to support essential services in rural communities.
The support is used to help communities with housing, economic development,
health care, first responder services and equipment, as well as water, electric
and communications infrastructure.

Stay Informed

Success! An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup.

Error! There was an error processing your request.

Breaking News Alerts

Get Breaking News alerts from Albany Herald delivered to your email.

Local Newsletter

Local news headlines from Albany Herald.

Sports Newsletter

Sports headlines from Albany Herald.

Manage your lists

___ (c)2016 The Albany Herald, Ga. Visit The Albany Herald, Ga. at
www.albanyherald.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160913-1AH-Southwest-Georgia-receives-14.3-million-in-U-S-Department-of-Agricu
lture-funding-0913-20160913

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AH


                        Copyright 2016 The Albany Herald


                              313 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Investor's Business Daily

                                 July 16, 1999

POOR AREAS: GOOD FOR BUSINESS?

BYLINE: By Joseph Guinto, Investor's Business Daily

SECTION: National Issue; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1177 words



The Pine Ridge Indian reservation is not exactly rife with investment
opportunities.

Though it sprawls across South Dakota's Black Hills over an area the size of
Connecticut, the reservation has few employers.

Most people work for the government in education or social services.  Slightly
over half of the reservation's adults have graduated high school.  More than
half don't have telephones. And three-fourths are out of work, most of them
drawing some type of government aid.

But when President Clinton visited there last week to tout his New Market
Initiative - a package of tax credits, housing programs and loan guarantees
designed to pump up interest in the nation's poorest areas - he said businesses
could reap big profits by investing in Pine Ridge and places like it.

On several stops during a four-day ''poverty tour'' that took him from East St.
Louis to Los Angeles' Watts community, Clinton insisted that his calls for
investment are ''not about charity.''

GOP leaders in the House are sounding a similar line. They resurrected a plan
last week that would reduce taxes and regulations on businesses operating in
poor areas.

Like Clinton's proposals, the GOP-backed plan suggests that with the right
government incentives, businesses can do well in inner- city and rural areas
left behind by the nine-year-long economic boom.

Maybe so. But convincing business that setting up shop in impoverished areas
where lagging schools accompany alcoholism, drug abuse and crumbling buildings
and roads won't be easy.

In Pine Ridge, Father Tom Merkel, superintendent of the Red Cloud Indian School,
wonders whether political proposals can really translate into jobs for the
reservation's impoverished Lakota Indians.

''I don't know what particular business would be attracted to come here,''
Merkel said. Businesses have plenty of reasons not to locate part of their
operations in economically distressed areas.

Michael Allan Wolf, who heads the Enterprise Zone Project at the University of
Richmond in Virginia, cites several:

* Poor infrastructure of roads and government services.

* A poorly educated local work force.

* Environmentally contaminated, or ''brown,'' work sites.

To get businesses to disregard these drawbacks, lawmakers are trying to boost
bottom-line incentives.

Under Clinton's plan, the poorest areas in the U.S. would be treated like
foreign nations when it comes to investment. Businesses operating in these
communities would have the same tax advantages and loan guarantees that
companies get when they invest overseas.

Among them:

* A 25% tax credit to companies willing to invest in poor areas, including
everything from setting up manufacturing facilities to opening new retail
outlets.

* Federal loan guarantees of up to $ 2 for every $ 1 businesses invest. The plan
would back up to $ 1 billion in new loans.

* Expanding government-backed mortgages for poor home buyers.

''This is about how to make money by giving people who are willing to work for
themselves the chance to do it,'' Clinton told business owners during a
poverty-tour stop in Arizona last week.

Clinton's plans, which he will promote again in another tour this fall, come
with a hefty price. To generate $ 15 billion in investments in poor areas,
Clinton's various suggestions would cost as much as $ 30 billion, according to
the administration's figures.

The plan would be paid for by spending cuts and eliminating some tax loopholes.

Some major companies have shown interest. Clinton was accompanied by a plethora
of smiley-faced business leaders during some tour stops, including Sandy Weill,
co-chairman of Citigroup Inc.,cscolut Mr. Smith Leaves The Party

The GOP hierarchy pooh-poohed the defection of New Hampshire Sen. Bob Smith. Yet
Republican National Committee Chairman Jim Nicholson conceded its importance by
trying to keep Smith in the fold. Smith's defection is closer to a defining
moment than Nicholson's willing to admit.

The truth lies in Nicholson's actions, not his words. The move emphasizes the
long-standing feud between moderate Rockefeller Republicans and conservative
Goldwater Republicans: a decades-old battle for the hearts and minds of the
party.

By leaving, Smith threw down a very public gauntlet challenging the party's
direction.

Beyond gratuitously insulting a man of principle, the RNC's response
demonstrated just what's wrong with the GOP. It has become a status-quo,
go-along-to-get-along clique that stands for nothing.

After much reflection, Smith declared himself an independent for reasons of
conscience. He'd had enough of a GOP that abandoned its conservative principles
to focus on winning elections.

We don't agree with Smith on every issue. But we admire his convictions. In his
farewell speech, he lamented the GOP's post-1995 habit of ignoring its purpose -
to restrain government -to compromise with Democrats.

He very nearly said all he needed to say when he noted: ''The most consistent
message I hear from the voters is one of frustration, deep frustration that the
party is not standing on principle.''

The senator from the ''Live Free or Die'' state made it clear why he left the
Republican Party. It wasn't jealously over George W. Bush's apparent coronation
as the party's presidential candidate.  It was the party's Beltway mind-set.

Smith railed at poll-driven politics that marginalize the Constitution and drag
us into mob rule. He expressed exasperation over: GOP kowtowing over handouts to
the National Endowment for the Arts; President Bush's 1990 failure to keep his
''no new taxes'' pledge; support for public broadcasting funding; and
Republicans' failure to kill a single Cabinet department after nearly five years
in the majority.

Almost as a last act of defiance, Smith promised to filibuster the Senate
gun-control bill. Good for him. It's about time someone had the grit to confront
Democrats and moderate Republicans who would make such a naked attack on the
Constitution.

No matter what you may think of guns, the right to own them is protected by the
Constitution. If the Second Amendment can be so blithely ignored, what then
about other constitutional rights?

Creeping tyranny has to be stopped somewhere.

Smith's defection may begin a trend of similar exits from the Republican Party.
Could presidential candidates Patrick Buchanan and Gary Bauer, who have
expressed displeasure with the party, be next? It's too soon to make that call.

Yet Smith's exit certainly underscores the need for the party to address a
deeper issue. What does the party stand for? Limited government or a place at
the trough?

Democrats, always clear about their desire for more government, could retake
control of Congress. And the tax-and-spend binging would be back.

And there would be fewer lawmakers of principle to slow the ever-enlarging
federal beast.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

Copyright 1999 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.


                              314 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Investor's Business Daily

                                 July 16, 1999

POOR AREAS: GOOD FOR BUSINESS?

BYLINE: By Joseph Guinto, Investor's Business Daily

SECTION: National Issue; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1177 words



The Pine Ridge Indian reservation is not exactly rife with investment
opportunities.

Though it sprawls across South Dakota's Black Hills over an area the size of
Connecticut, the reservation has few employers.

Most people work for the government in education or social services.  Slightly
over half of the reservation's adults have graduated high school.  More than
half don't have telephones. And three-fourths are out of work, most of them
drawing some type of government aid.

But when President Clinton visited there last week to tout his New Market
Initiative - a package of tax credits, housing programs and loan guarantees
designed to pump up interest in the nation's poorest areas - he said businesses
could reap big profits by investing in Pine Ridge and places like it.

On several stops during a four-day ''poverty tour'' that took him from East St.
Louis to Los Angeles' Watts community, Clinton insisted that his calls for
investment are ''not about charity.''

GOP leaders in the House are sounding a similar line. They resurrected a plan
last week that would reduce taxes and regulations on businesses operating in
poor areas.

Like Clinton's proposals, the GOP-backed plan suggests that with the right
government incentives, businesses can do well in inner- city and rural areas
left behind by the nine-year-long economic boom.

Maybe so. But convincing business that setting up shop in impoverished areas
where lagging schools accompany alcoholism, drug abuse and crumbling buildings
and roads won't be easy.

In Pine Ridge, Father Tom Merkel, superintendent of the Red Cloud Indian School,
wonders whether political proposals can really translate into jobs for the
reservation's impoverished Lakota Indians.

''I don't know what particular business would be attracted to come here,''
Merkel said. Businesses have plenty of reasons not to locate part of their
operations in economically distressed areas.

Michael Allan Wolf, who heads the Enterprise Zone Project at the University of
Richmond in Virginia, cites several:

* Poor infrastructure of roads and government services.

* A poorly educated local work force.

* Environmentally contaminated, or ''brown,'' work sites.

To get businesses to disregard these drawbacks, lawmakers are trying to boost
bottom-line incentives.

Under Clinton's plan, the poorest areas in the U.S. would be treated like
foreign nations when it comes to investment. Businesses operating in these
communities would have the same tax advantages and loan guarantees that
companies get when they invest overseas.

Among them:

* A 25% tax credit to companies willing to invest in poor areas, including
everything from setting up manufacturing facilities to opening new retail
outlets.

* Federal loan guarantees of up to $ 2 for every $ 1 businesses invest. The plan
would back up to $ 1 billion in new loans.

* Expanding government-backed mortgages for poor home buyers.

''This is about how to make money by giving people who are willing to work for
themselves the chance to do it,'' Clinton told business owners during a
poverty-tour stop in Arizona last week.

Clinton's plans, which he will promote again in another tour this fall, come
with a hefty price. To generate $ 15 billion in investments in poor areas,
Clinton's various suggestions would cost as much as $ 30 billion, according to
the administration's figures.

The plan would be paid for by spending cuts and eliminating some tax loopholes.

Some major companies have shown interest. Clinton was accompanied by a plethora
of smiley-faced business leaders during some tour stops, including Sandy Weill,
co-chairman of Citigroup Inc.,cscolut Mr. Smith Leaves The Party

The GOP hierarchy pooh-poohed the defection of New Hampshire Sen. Bob Smith. Yet
Republican National Committee Chairman Jim Nicholson conceded its importance by
trying to keep Smith in the fold. Smith's defection is closer to a defining
moment than Nicholson's willing to admit.

The truth lies in Nicholson's actions, not his words. The move emphasizes the
long-standing feud between moderate Rockefeller Republicans and conservative
Goldwater Republicans: a decades-old battle for the hearts and minds of the
party.

By leaving, Smith threw down a very public gauntlet challenging the party's
direction.

Beyond gratuitously insulting a man of principle, the RNC's response
demonstrated just what's wrong with the GOP. It has become a status-quo,
go-along-to-get-along clique that stands for nothing.

After much reflection, Smith declared himself an independent for reasons of
conscience. He'd had enough of a GOP that abandoned its conservative principles
to focus on winning elections.

We don't agree with Smith on every issue. But we admire his convictions. In his
farewell speech, he lamented the GOP's post-1995 habit of ignoring its purpose -
to restrain government -to compromise with Democrats.

He very nearly said all he needed to say when he noted: ''The most consistent
message I hear from the voters is one of frustration, deep frustration that the
party is not standing on principle.''

The senator from the ''Live Free or Die'' state made it clear why he left the
Republican Party. It wasn't jealously over George W. Bush's apparent coronation
as the party's presidential candidate.  It was the party's Beltway mind-set.

Smith railed at poll-driven politics that marginalize the Constitution and drag
us into mob rule. He expressed exasperation over: GOP kowtowing over handouts to
the National Endowment for the Arts; President Bush's 1990 failure to keep his
''no new taxes'' pledge; support for public broadcasting funding; and
Republicans' failure to kill a single Cabinet department after nearly five years
in the majority.

Almost as a last act of defiance, Smith promised to filibuster the Senate
gun-control bill. Good for him. It's about time someone had the grit to confront
Democrats and moderate Republicans who would make such a naked attack on the
Constitution.

No matter what you may think of guns, the right to own them is protected by the
Constitution. If the Second Amendment can be so blithely ignored, what then
about other constitutional rights?

Creeping tyranny has to be stopped somewhere.

Smith's defection may begin a trend of similar exits from the Republican Party.
Could presidential candidates Patrick Buchanan and Gary Bauer, who have
expressed displeasure with the party, be next? It's too soon to make that call.

Yet Smith's exit certainly underscores the need for the party to address a
deeper issue. What does the party stand for? Limited government or a place at
the trough?

Democrats, always clear about their desire for more government, could retake
control of Congress. And the tax-and-spend binging would be back.

And there would be fewer lawmakers of principle to slow the ever-enlarging
federal beast.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

Copyright 1999 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.


                              315 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                              May 27, 2013 Monday

Helping smaller firms can work out

BYLINE: Zheng Yangpeng

SECTION: ECONOMY

LENGTH: 455 words


Although no major breakthrough has been seen in China's financial system,
innovations at the grass-roots level are noticeable.

Shi Jianchang, a  businessman, has many titles. He is chairman of Heli Guarantee
, a loan guarantee company, chairman of Heli Microcredit, a small loan company,
chairman of Best Kingdom () Financial Leasing Co and vice-president of the
Chengdu Chamber of Commerce under the official Chengdu Federation of Industry
and Commerce.

He has made good use of this portfolio of titles to manage his prosperity in
what is for many a grim .

The loan guarantee business, he says, is not an admirable undertaking. It
carries the risk of providing guarantees to numerous small and micro firms but
only reaps 2 to 3 percent commission fees out of each deal.

The low profit has forced some loan guarantee companies to take on some risky
business, for example offering loans online, which offer a much higher interest
rate. These were the causes of the default crisis that hit three major loan
guarantee companies last year and hurt the reputation of the industry.

"The key problem of the loan guarantee industry is the business model. There are
basically two models. One is building massive franchises across the country. The
other is cultivating a local market deeply," said Shi.

Shi, who was unable to compete in scale, chose to operate in the Chengdu market,
developing various financing busines, including loan guarantees, offering small
loans and financial leasing to control his risks and increase profits.

"For small and quickly needed loan requirements, we offer small loans. For
companies that need a large amount of money to upgrade their facilities, we
offer them financial leasing. In general, we provide specific services to a
company at each phase of their growth cycle," Shi said.

Shi also uses the Chengdu Federation of Industry and Commerce as a convenient
platform to find potential clients because there are thousands of local
enterprises signed up to it.

"One of the advantages of financing through the federation is that when a
businessman needs a loan from it, he finds it very difficult to default because
he has to live in this community," said Shi.

Another advantage of Shi's companies is peration with , a policy bank issuing
favorable loans to industries. Together with the federation, Shi built a
financing platform through which the bank's loans could be channeled to SMEs in
a wholesale form.

"The interest rate of ordinary banks is at least 15 to 16 percent. But our
program with China Development Bank offers loan with an interest rate of about
11 percent," Shi said.

"For SMEs, a percentage point discount would be attractive, let alone a discount
of 4 to 5 percentage points," Shi added.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                              316 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 31, 2014 Saturday

Agriculture, Rural Housing Service: Loan Specialist (Supervisory) (BP Southern
District Director) IN-2014-007B

LENGTH: 2738  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job announcement:

Job Title:Loan Specialist (Supervisory) (BP Southern District Director)

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Agriculture, Rural Housing Service

Job Announcement Number:IN-2014-007B
SALARY RANGE:
 $82,642.00 to $107,923.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Friday, May 30, 2014 to Friday, June 06, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1165-13
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
13
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy in the following location(s):
Bloomfield, IN View Map
Indianapolis, IN View Map
Jasper, IN View Map
North Vernon, IN View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Current permanent Indiana Rural Development employees with competitive status,
reinstatement eligibles, persons with disabilities, VEOA/VRA eligibles, certain
military spouses, 30% or more disabled veterans, former Peace Corps or VISTA
volunteers, CTAP/ICTAP eligibles, Special Hiring Authorities.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Q - Nonsensitive
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 Yes
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

This is one vacancy that can be located in one of the following locations:
Bloomfield, IN, Indianapolis, IN, Jasper, IN or North Vernon, IN.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    1-5 days

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
    A 1-year probationary period is required.
    Time in grade must be met by the closing date of the announcement.
    Must submit Form OGE450 w/in 30 days of appt date & annually thereafter.

DUTIES:
Back to top

This position is located in a Rural Development (RD) Office. The incumbent
serves as key member of the Business & Cooperative Program Staff. The incumbent
is primarily responsible for program planning, policy development,
administration, coordination and evaluation of the full scope of activities
related to the State's rural business and cooperative development loan, grant,
and loan guarantee programs in the Southern District of Indiana.

Incumbent serves as the state's authority in Business and Cooperative Program
policies and activities for the Southern District. Has primary responsibility
for designing, planning, implementing, directing, coordinating, executing and
evaluating program activities related to the State's business & cooperative
development loan, grant, and loan guarantee programs, including processing loans
and grants and servicing existing borrowers in the Southern District. Leads the
marketing efforts in the Southern District to promote Business & Cooperative
Programs.

Provides policy updates and training in business program law and regulation,
credit counseling and loan and grant processing, servicing actions and
authorities, and customer service through training sessions and the development
of procedures, instruction, guides or other measures to maintain staff expertise
and strengthen operations for the Southern District. Provides administrative,
technical and direct supervision to the BP staff located in the southern
district.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

For GS-13: Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to
at least the GS-12; or its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrates: Experience
providing leadership in processing, servicing, and supervising a full range of
business loans; commercial loans; servicing a loan portfolio of a bank or other
loan association; or similar work which provided a comprehensive knowledge and
understanding of the technicalities of mortgage financing and credit. Experience
must demonstrate use of broad and seasoned judgment in providing financial
management guidance to borrowers; ascertaining and analyzing the many and often
obscure facts regarding the borrower's financial capacity, and evaluating the
general economic and financial conditions that affect the
organization/government's risk in granting, guaranteeing, or insuring the loan.

NOTE: To be considered for this position, you must meet all qualification and
eligibility requirements for the GS-1165 series set forth in the Office of
Personnel Management (OPM) Qualifications Standards by the closing date of the
announcement. A copy is available at:
http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/index.asp .

Time in Grade must be met by the closing date of this announcement.


o  Subject to satisfactory completion of a one year supervisory/managerial
probationary period
o  May be subject to satisfactory completion of one year probationary or trial
period.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Knowledge of Commercial and Community Programs loan and/or grant making
requirements.
        Knowledge of Commercial and Community Programs servicing requirements.
        Program Administration/Project Management
        Supervision
        Oral Communication
        Written Communication

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rhs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=7109303a-4a9c-
43f1-97e1-a33b00d698d5

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/
The Federal Government offers a comprehensive benefits package.  Explore the
major benefits offered to most Federal employees at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/

OTHER INFORMATION:
o  If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959, certify that you
have registered with the Selective Service System or are exempt from having to
do so.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.
    College Transcripts if education is required for meeting basic
qualifications and/or used as a substitute for specialized experience. An
unofficial copy is sufficient however, if selected; an official college
transcript will be required prior to entering on duty. Education must have been
successfully completed and obtained from an accredited school, college, or
university. Foreign education must be evaluated by an approved organization. For
additional information, refer to the U.S. Department of Education web site at
http://www.ed.gov. All transcripts must be in English or include an English
translation.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current/Former Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    Veteran Hiring Authorities: (VEOA, VRA, and 30% Disabled Veterans): DD-214
(Member 4 Copy). Disabled veterans must include your VA letter & SF-15 if
claiming 10 pt. preference. Current active duty members must submit a
certification that they are expected to be discharged or released from active
duty under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the
certification is submitted.
    Schedule A, Persons with Disabilities: Schedule A letter from a physician,
local, state or federal rehabilitation office citing eligibility under 5 CFR
213.3102 (u).
    Certain Military Spouses under E.O. 13473: Verification of the marriage to
the service member (i.e., a marriage license or other legal documentation
verifying marriage), plus Permanent Change of Station: PCS orders issued within
the last 2 years, that: lists you as authorized to accompany the military member
to the new duty permanent station; the specific location; and the effective date
of the PCS OR Military disability of 100%: verification of the member's release
or discharge due to 100% disability (DD-214 and VA Letter) OR Death while
serving on active duty: 1) Verification of release or discharge due to death
(DD-214). 2) Verification of the member's death (DD-1300 and Death Certificate.
3) Statement certifying they are un-remarried widow or widower of the service
member.
    Foreign Service: Most recent Foreign Service Notification of Personnel
Action, showing that you were/are serving under an unlimited, career-type
appointment AND have completed at least 1 year of continuous service without a
break of a workday under one or more nontemporary Foreign Service appointments.

    CTAP/ICTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force
Separation Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency
certification; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating
your separation or the position from which you will be separated.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Cheri Allen
Phone: 317-295-5763
Fax: 855-541-9018
Email: cheri.allen@in.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA, Rural Development
5975 Lakeside Boulevard
Indianapolis, Indiana,
46278
USA
Fax: 855-541-9018
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov/

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              317 of 998 DOCUMENTS

               Copyright 2017 Hoover's Inc., All Rights Reserved

                  Hoover's Company Records - In-depth Records

                                 March 29, 2017

                   FEDERAL AGRICULTURAL MORTGAGE CORPORATION

                               1999 K St Nw Fl 4
                           Washington,  DC 20006-1118
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 202-872-7700
FAX: 202-872-7713

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
TICKER: AGM
HOOVER ID: 46525

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
LEGAL STATUS: Public

EMPLOYEES:  81
ONE YEAR EMPLOYEE GROWTH:  14.1%

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *

OFFICER                 TITLE             AGE     SALARY      BONUS TOTAL_COMP
                                                                      ENSATION
Stephen P. Mullery      SVP, General       49 $340,930.0          -          -
                        Counsel, and
                        Secretary
R. Dale Lynch           EVP, CFO, and      49 $375,950.0          -          -
                        Treasurer
J. Curtis Covington     SVP,               60          -          -          -
                        Agricultural
                        Finance
Timothy L. (Tim) Buzby  President and      47 $643,750.0          -          -
                        CEO


DIRECTOR                    TITLE                AGE
Stephen P. Mullery          SVP, General          49
                            Counsel, and
                            Secretary
Lowell L. Junkins           Chairman              72
Myles J. Watts              Vice Chairman         65
R. Dale Lynch               EVP, CFO, and         49
                            Treasurer

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *


   Farmer Mac (Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation) is Fannie Mae and
Freddie Mac 's country cousin. Like its city-slicker kin, it provides liquidity
in its markets (agricultural real estate and rural housing mortgages) by buying
loans from lenders and then securitizing the loans into Farmer Mac Guaranteed
Securities. Farmer Mac buys both conventional loans and those guaranteed by the
US Department of Agriculture . Farmer Mac was created by Congress in 1987 to
establish a secondary market for agricultural mortgage and rural utilities
loans. It is a stockholder-owned, publicly-traded corporation based in
Washington, DC with an underwriting office in Iowa.

   Operations

   Farmer Mac operates four segments: Farm & Ranch, which accounted for 39% of
revenue during 2015 purchases mortgage loans secured by first liens on
agricultural real estate including part-time farms and rural housing;
Institutional Credit (28% of revenue), which buys or guarantees general lender
obligations secured by eligible pools of loans; the USDA Guarantees segment
(18%), which buys USDA-backed agricultural, rural development, business and
industry, and community facilities loans; and Rural Utilities (10%), which buys
mortgages tied to eligible rural utilities loans.The organization generates more
than 90% of its revenue from interest income stemming from a roughly even mix of
loans and backed loan securities. About 47% of its revenue came from interest on
Farmer Mac Guaranteed or USDA securities during 2015, while another 41% came
from interest on loans. The rest came from interest on other investments (5% of
revenue), guarantee and commitment fees (5%), and gains on financial derivatives
and hedging activities (1%).

   Geographic Reach

   The Washington, DC-based group serves the US from satellite operations in
Ames, Iowa; Boise, Idaho; Canton, Michigan; Fresno, California; Johnston, Iowa;
and Scottsdale, Arizona.

   Sales and Marketing

   Farmer Mac markets its services personally and directly to agricultural
lenders by participating regularly in events such as state and national banking
conferences. It also has alliances with the American Bankers Association and the
Independent Community Bankers of Alliances, and has a business relationship with
the members of the Farm Credit System.

   Financial Performance

   Farmer Mac's annual revenues have risen more than 25% since 2011 thanks to a
stronger agricultural economy as well as product developments which have driven
customer and overall loan asset growth over the years. Its annual profits have
also trended higher, but have fluctuated more due to the volatility of the gains
it's made from financial derivatives, hedging activities, and other trading
securities.

   The group's revenue climbed 4% to $284 million during 2015 mostly thanks to
double-digit interest income growth as its loan assets grew 12% to $3.96 billion
and as its Farm & Ranch loans, USDA Securities, and AgVantage securities
balances grew as well. Farmer Mac's non-interest income shrank 39% as it
collected $37.4 million less in trading securities gains as it did in 2014.

   Revenue growth and a decline in interest expenses in 2015 drove Farmer Mac's
net income up 43% to $68.7 million. The lender's operating cash levels jumped
19% to $184 million as its cash-based earnings rose and as working capital
increased with changes in other assets.

   Strategy

   Farmer Mac seeks to improve the availability of long-term credit at stable
interest rates to rural communities. To this end, its primary strategy for
managing interest rate risk is to fund asset purchases with liabilities that
have similar duration and cash flow characteristics so that they will perform
similarly as interest rates change.

HOOVER INDUSTRIES:

     ·    Finance & Insurance Sector
          ·    LENDING
               ·    Mortgage Banking




* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
522293 - International Trade Financing
522298 - All Other Nondepository Credit Intermediation
SIC CODES:
6111 - Federal & fed.-sponsored credit
6159 - Misc. business credit institutions
MARKETS:

     ·    2015 Sales
     ·    $ mil % of total
     ·    Interest income
     ·    Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities and USDA Securities 134.4 47
     ·    Loans 117.0 41
     ·    Investments and cash equivalents 13.4 5
     ·    Noninterest income
     ·    Guarantee and commitment fees 14.1 5
     ·    Gains on financial derivatives and hedging activities 2.5 1
     ·    Other 3.6 1
     ·    Total 285.0 100
     ·    2015 Sales
     ·    % of total
     ·    Farm & Ranch 39
     ·    USDA Guarantees 28
     ·    Rural Utilities 18
     ·    Institutional Credit 10
     ·    Corporate 4
     ·    Reconciling Adjustments 1
     ·    Total 100
     ·    Selected Operations
     ·
     ·    Farm & Ranch (Farmer Mac I)
     ·    USDA Guarantees (Farmer Mac II)
     ·    Rural Utilities


COMPETITORS:

     ·    Fannie Mae
     ·    Bank of America
     ·    AgFirst
     ·    Farm Credit Services of Mid-America
     ·    Freddie Mac
     ·    AgriBank
     ·    Citigroup
     ·    AgStar


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December, 2016

(Millions U.S. Dollars)               2016              2015              2014
Revenue                             $332.4            $285.0            $274.4
Net Income                           $77.3             $68.7             $48.1
Net Profit                           23.3%             24.1%             17.5%
Employees                               81                71                71

     ·    One Year Sales Growth: 16.6%
     ·    One Year Income Growth: 12.6%


                                                       2016
Return on Equity                                     733.8%
Return on Assets                                       0.5%
Cash                                           $265,200,000
Shares outstanding                               10,500,000
Dividend yield                                         1.8%
Dividend payout                                       17.4%
Market Value                                          603.6

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EXCHANGE: NYSE
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: 10,500,000
STOCK PRICE:
2016 FISCAL YEAR HIGH:  $58.72
2016 FISCAL YEAR LOW:  $26.36
2016 FISCAL YEAR CLOSE:  $57.27
EPS: $5.97
DIVIDEND PAYOUT: 17.4%
DIVIDEND YIELD: 1.8%
DIVIDEND PER SHARE: $1.04
PRICE/EARNINGS HIGH:  10
PRICE/EARNINGS LOW:  4
BOOK VALUE PER SHARE:  $1.00
HISTORICAL STOCK INFORMATION:
                                      2015              2014              2013
Fiscal Year High                    $33.01            $35.82            $37.72
Fiscal Year Low                     $22.41            $26.40            $26.96
Fiscal Year Close                   $31.57            $30.34            $34.25
Price/Earnings High                      8                11                 6
Price/Earnings Low                       5                 8                 4
Earnings                             $4.19             $3.37             $6.41
Dividends                            $0.64             $0.56             $0.48
Book Value per Share                 $1.00             $1.00             $1.00

                                      2012              2011              2010
Fiscal Year High                    $34.58            $22.59            $23.54
Fiscal Year Low                     $18.01            $14.82             $6.85
Fiscal Year Close                   $32.50            $18.02            $16.32
Price/Earnings High                      9                18                11
Price/Earnings Low                       5                12                 3
Earnings                             $3.98             $1.28             $2.08
Dividends                            $0.40             $0.20             $0.20
Book Value per Share                 $1.00             $1.00             $1.00

                                      2009              2008              2007
Fiscal Year High                     $9.30            $33.43            $35.81
Fiscal Year Low                      $2.48             $2.41            $24.44
Fiscal Year Close                    $7.01             $3.50            $26.32
Price/Earnings High                      1                 -                85
Price/Earnings Low                       0                 -                58
Earnings                             $8.04          ($15.40)             $0.42
Dividends                            $0.20             $0.40             $0.40
Book Value per Share                 $1.00             $1.00             $1.00

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Deloitte & Touche LLP

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2017


                              318 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                          September 14, 2005 Wednesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Spokane's link to River Park Square coming to an end;
City Council votes 5-1 for resolution clearing way for refinancing of loan;

BYLINE: Mike Prager Staff writer

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 722 words


The last financial connections between the city of Spokane and the owners of
River Park Square are being severed through a refinancing of a $22.65 million
community development loan made in 1999 for expansion of the downtown shopping
mall.

The Spokane City Council voted 5-1 in favor of a resolution on Monday that
clears the way for the refinancing, known as a "defeasance" in the world of
public financing.

Also, the mall companies and their corporate affiliate would pay off a remaining
cash obligation owed to the city under a December 2004 settlement of a
long-running legal dispute over River Park Square's former troubled
public-private parking garage.

The city is expected to receive $618,200 later this month instead of three
payments of $350,000 each in 2016, 2017 and 2018. The amount was reached by
discounting the future payments by 4.33 percent a year, said city Chief
Financial Officer Gavin Cooley.

Once the deal is closed, the city and River Park Square will no longer have any
financial relationship, Cooley said. Closing is set for Sept. 23, according to
the resolution approved Monday.

It comes after years of political and legal fighting over redevelopment of the
downtown mall and an intricate financing arrangement involving assets and
guarantees of the city and the construction loan guarantee from the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development.

Councilwoman Cherie Rodgers, a longtime critic of the mall project, voted
against the resolution. She said the settlement last December placed too great
of a burden on the city's general tax fund, which reduces the amount of money
available for police, fire and library services for years to come.

The city last year purchased back $31.5 million in bonds sold in 1998 to finance
public acquisition of the expanded mall garage. Through settlements with the
mall companies and other parties, the city whittled its share down to about $25
million.

Under the settlement, the garage and $6 million in cash were turned over to the
mall owners in exchange for guarantees to repay the outstanding community
development loan that was part of the financing for the mall renovation in the
late 1990s.

The city is financing its costs through a council-approved general obligation
bond that will be repaid from the general tax fund over the next 22 years. The
payments will reduce the amount available for basic city services such as police
and fire.

The HUD loan refinancing approved by the council on Monday involves a separate
construction loan made to the mall through the sale of "public offering notes"
issued by the city and guaranteed by HUD.

The loan, approved on the need for downtown redevelopment, carried a 7 percent
interest rate. In the loan, the city had put up its annual community development
block grant funding from HUD as backup collateral for any shortages in loan
repayments. The loan account was dipping into community development block grant
funds and reducing grant money available to low-income neighborhoods prior to
the settlement.

River Park Square is owned by real estate affiliates of Cowles Publishing Co.,
which also owns The Spokesman-Review.

In the December settlement with the city, Cowles Publishing agreed to maintain a
bank letter of credit guaranteeing payments on the HUD loan.

Now, the refinancing is being done by the mall companies and their corporate
guarantor, Cowles Publishing, which are also paying costs associated with
arranging the deal.

Refinancing eliminates the need for the bank letter of credit and will free up
lending capacity to the city for other community development loans.

Steve Rector, secretary-treasurer for Cowles Publishing and its development
affiliates, said the decision to refinance was made because commercial real
estate credit is favorable compared with the interest being paid on the HUD
loan. He did not specify the current lending rates.

"It is replacing the loan with cheaper money," he said.

The refinancing involves borrowing money from a bank to purchase U.S. Treasury
bonds and placing those bonds in escrow. As the bonds mature, they are used to
make loan payments until the earliest payoff dates on the loan notes.

One series of notes can be paid off in 2008 and the other in 2009.

"It's purely a financial decision," Rector said. "Now we've got all the pieces
back under our control."

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              319 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                          September 14, 2005 Wednesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Spokane's link to River Park Square coming to an end;
City Council votes 5-1 for resolution clearing way for refinancing of loan;

BYLINE: Mike Prager Staff writer

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 722 words


The last financial connections between the city of Spokane and the owners of
River Park Square are being severed through a refinancing of a $22.65 million
community development loan made in 1999 for expansion of the downtown shopping
mall.

The Spokane City Council voted 5-1 in favor of a resolution on Monday that
clears the way for the refinancing, known as a "defeasance" in the world of
public financing.

Also, the mall companies and their corporate affiliate would pay off a remaining
cash obligation owed to the city under a December 2004 settlement of a
long-running legal dispute over River Park Square's former troubled
public-private parking garage.

The city is expected to receive $618,200 later this month instead of three
payments of $350,000 each in 2016, 2017 and 2018. The amount was reached by
discounting the future payments by 4.33 percent a year, said city Chief
Financial Officer Gavin Cooley.

Once the deal is closed, the city and River Park Square will no longer have any
financial relationship, Cooley said. Closing is set for Sept. 23, according to
the resolution approved Monday.

It comes after years of political and legal fighting over redevelopment of the
downtown mall and an intricate financing arrangement involving assets and
guarantees of the city and the construction loan guarantee from the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development.

Councilwoman Cherie Rodgers, a longtime critic of the mall project, voted
against the resolution. She said the settlement last December placed too great
of a burden on the city's general tax fund, which reduces the amount of money
available for police, fire and library services for years to come.

The city last year purchased back $31.5 million in bonds sold in 1998 to finance
public acquisition of the expanded mall garage. Through settlements with the
mall companies and other parties, the city whittled its share down to about $25
million.

Under the settlement, the garage and $6 million in cash were turned over to the
mall owners in exchange for guarantees to repay the outstanding community
development loan that was part of the financing for the mall renovation in the
late 1990s.

The city is financing its costs through a council-approved general obligation
bond that will be repaid from the general tax fund over the next 22 years. The
payments will reduce the amount available for basic city services such as police
and fire.

The HUD loan refinancing approved by the council on Monday involves a separate
construction loan made to the mall through the sale of "public offering notes"
issued by the city and guaranteed by HUD.

The loan, approved on the need for downtown redevelopment, carried a 7 percent
interest rate. In the loan, the city had put up its annual community development
block grant funding from HUD as backup collateral for any shortages in loan
repayments. The loan account was dipping into community development block grant
funds and reducing grant money available to low-income neighborhoods prior to
the settlement.

River Park Square is owned by real estate affiliates of Cowles Publishing Co.,
which also owns The Spokesman-Review.

In the December settlement with the city, Cowles Publishing agreed to maintain a
bank letter of credit guaranteeing payments on the HUD loan.

Now, the refinancing is being done by the mall companies and their corporate
guarantor, Cowles Publishing, which are also paying costs associated with
arranging the deal.

Refinancing eliminates the need for the bank letter of credit and will free up
lending capacity to the city for other community development loans.

Steve Rector, secretary-treasurer for Cowles Publishing and its development
affiliates, said the decision to refinance was made because commercial real
estate credit is favorable compared with the interest being paid on the HUD
loan. He did not specify the current lending rates.

"It is replacing the loan with cheaper money," he said.

The refinancing involves borrowing money from a bank to purchase U.S. Treasury
bonds and placing those bonds in escrow. As the bonds mature, they are used to
make loan payments until the earliest payoff dates on the loan notes.

One series of notes can be paid off in 2008 and the other in 2009.

"It's purely a financial decision," Rector said. "Now we've got all the pieces
back under our control."

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              320 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                          September 14, 2005 Wednesday
                                 Metro Edition

City's link to River Park Square coming to an end;
City Council votes 5-1 for resolution clearing way for refinancing of loan;

BYLINE: Mike Prager Staff writer

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 722 words


The last financial connections between the city of Spokane and the owners of
River Park Square are being severed through a refinancing of a $22.65 million
community development loan made in 1999 for expansion of the downtown shopping
mall.

The Spokane City Council voted 5-1 in favor of a resolution on Monday that
clears the way for the refinancing, known as a "defeasance" in the world of
public financing.

Also, the mall companies and their corporate affiliate would pay off a remaining
cash obligation owed to the city under a December 2004 settlement of a
long-running legal dispute over River Park Square's former troubled
public-private parking garage.

The city is expected to receive $618,200 later this month instead of three
payments of $350,000 each in 2016, 2017 and 2018. The amount was reached by
discounting the future payments by 4.33 percent a year, said city Chief
Financial Officer Gavin Cooley.

Once the deal is closed, the city and River Park Square will no longer have any
financial relationship, Cooley said. Closing is set for Sept. 23, according to
the resolution approved Monday.

It comes after years of political and legal fighting over redevelopment of the
downtown mall and an intricate financing arrangement involving assets and
guarantees of the city and the construction loan guarantee from the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development.

Councilwoman Cherie Rodgers, a longtime critic of the mall project, voted
against the resolution. She said the settlement last December placed too great
of a burden on the city's general tax fund, which reduces the amount of money
available for police, fire and library services for years to come.

The city last year purchased back $31.5 million in bonds sold in 1998 to finance
public acquisition of the expanded mall garage. Through settlements with the
mall companies and other parties, the city whittled its share down to about $25
million.

Under the settlement, the garage and $6 million in cash were turned over to the
mall owners in exchange for guarantees to repay the outstanding community
development loan that was part of the financing for the mall renovation in the
late 1990s.

The city is financing its costs through a council-approved general obligation
bond that will be repaid from the general tax fund over the next 22 years. The
payments will reduce the amount available for basic city services such as police
and fire.

The HUD loan refinancing approved by the council on Monday involves a separate
construction loan made to the mall through the sale of "public offering notes"
issued by the city and guaranteed by HUD.

The loan, approved on the need for downtown redevelopment, carried a 7 percent
interest rate. In the loan, the city had put up its annual community development
block grant funding from HUD as backup collateral for any shortages in loan
repayments. The loan account was dipping into community development block grant
funds and reducing grant money available to low-income neighborhoods prior to
the settlement.

River Park Square is owned by real estate affiliates of Cowles Publishing Co.,
which also owns The Spokesman-Review.

In the December settlement with the city, Cowles Publishing agreed to maintain a
bank letter of credit guaranteeing payments on the HUD loan.

Now, the refinancing is being done by the mall companies and their corporate
guarantor, Cowles Publishing, which are also paying costs associated with
arranging the deal.

Refinancing eliminates the need for the bank letter of credit and will free up
lending capacity to the city for other community development loans.

Steve Rector, secretary-treasurer for Cowles Publishing and its development
affiliates, said the decision to refinance was made because commercial real
estate credit is favorable compared with the interest being paid on the HUD
loan. He did not specify the current lending rates.

"It is replacing the loan with cheaper money," he said.

The refinancing involves borrowing money from a bank to purchase U.S. Treasury
bonds and placing those bonds in escrow. As the bonds mature, they are used to
make loan payments until the earliest payoff dates on the loan notes.

One series of notes can be paid off in 2008 and the other in 2009.

"It's purely a financial decision," Rector said. "Now we've got all the pieces
back under our control."

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              321 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                          September 14, 2005 Wednesday
                                 Metro Edition

City's link to River Park Square coming to an end;
City Council votes 5-1 for resolution clearing way for refinancing of loan;

BYLINE: Mike Prager Staff writer

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 722 words


The last financial connections between the city of Spokane and the owners of
River Park Square are being severed through a refinancing of a $22.65 million
community development loan made in 1999 for expansion of the downtown shopping
mall.

The Spokane City Council voted 5-1 in favor of a resolution on Monday that
clears the way for the refinancing, known as a "defeasance" in the world of
public financing.

Also, the mall companies and their corporate affiliate would pay off a remaining
cash obligation owed to the city under a December 2004 settlement of a
long-running legal dispute over River Park Square's former troubled
public-private parking garage.

The city is expected to receive $618,200 later this month instead of three
payments of $350,000 each in 2016, 2017 and 2018. The amount was reached by
discounting the future payments by 4.33 percent a year, said city Chief
Financial Officer Gavin Cooley.

Once the deal is closed, the city and River Park Square will no longer have any
financial relationship, Cooley said. Closing is set for Sept. 23, according to
the resolution approved Monday.

It comes after years of political and legal fighting over redevelopment of the
downtown mall and an intricate financing arrangement involving assets and
guarantees of the city and the construction loan guarantee from the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development.

Councilwoman Cherie Rodgers, a longtime critic of the mall project, voted
against the resolution. She said the settlement last December placed too great
of a burden on the city's general tax fund, which reduces the amount of money
available for police, fire and library services for years to come.

The city last year purchased back $31.5 million in bonds sold in 1998 to finance
public acquisition of the expanded mall garage. Through settlements with the
mall companies and other parties, the city whittled its share down to about $25
million.

Under the settlement, the garage and $6 million in cash were turned over to the
mall owners in exchange for guarantees to repay the outstanding community
development loan that was part of the financing for the mall renovation in the
late 1990s.

The city is financing its costs through a council-approved general obligation
bond that will be repaid from the general tax fund over the next 22 years. The
payments will reduce the amount available for basic city services such as police
and fire.

The HUD loan refinancing approved by the council on Monday involves a separate
construction loan made to the mall through the sale of "public offering notes"
issued by the city and guaranteed by HUD.

The loan, approved on the need for downtown redevelopment, carried a 7 percent
interest rate. In the loan, the city had put up its annual community development
block grant funding from HUD as backup collateral for any shortages in loan
repayments. The loan account was dipping into community development block grant
funds and reducing grant money available to low-income neighborhoods prior to
the settlement.

River Park Square is owned by real estate affiliates of Cowles Publishing Co.,
which also owns The Spokesman-Review.

In the December settlement with the city, Cowles Publishing agreed to maintain a
bank letter of credit guaranteeing payments on the HUD loan.

Now, the refinancing is being done by the mall companies and their corporate
guarantor, Cowles Publishing, which are also paying costs associated with
arranging the deal.

Refinancing eliminates the need for the bank letter of credit and will free up
lending capacity to the city for other community development loans.

Steve Rector, secretary-treasurer for Cowles Publishing and its development
affiliates, said the decision to refinance was made because commercial real
estate credit is favorable compared with the interest being paid on the HUD
loan. He did not specify the current lending rates.

"It is replacing the loan with cheaper money," he said.

The refinancing involves borrowing money from a bank to purchase U.S. Treasury
bonds and placing those bonds in escrow. As the bonds mature, they are used to
make loan payments until the earliest payoff dates on the loan notes.

One series of notes can be paid off in 2008 and the other in 2009.

"It's purely a financial decision," Rector said. "Now we've got all the pieces
back under our control."

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              322 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

USDA Guarantees Ignite Banks' Rural-Area Lending;
Obscure program furthers economic development by way of movie theaters, health
clinics, service stations

                           April 18, 2001, Wednesday

BY BEN JACKSON



The Department of Agriculture's lending to movie theaters, factories, and gas
stations has risen 43.4% in the past five years.

That's no misprint.

Though better known for its lending to farmers and ranchers, the department has
steadily bulked up its Business and Industry Guarantee Loan Program.

The program lends to any rural business that gives economic opportunity to
people living in areas with populations of less than 50,000.

Since fiscal year 1996 the program has grown from $699.6 million to $1.03
billion. The agency has budgeted almost $1.56 billion for it in 2001.

"This is a rural economic development program to create and save jobs in rural
areas," said Gerald Townsend, director of community and business programs in the
department's Rural Business and Cooperative Service in Illinois. An agency
report boasts that its programs created or saved more than 29,000 jobs last
year.

The agency's growing commitment to the program is good news for banks that
otherwise might be hesitant to lend in slow-growing rural markets.

About 400 banks now participate in the program, and more are clamoring to get
in, according to Bill Hagy, acting administrator of the Rural Business and
Cooperative Service.

The only problem, according to bankers and other observers, is that the business
and industry loan program gets too little funding from Congress.

At the end of fiscal year 2000, 376 loan guarantees totaling $906.5 million went
unprocessed because funding had run out.

"The demand has continued to increase so that we have almost as much demand as
amounts outstanding," Mr. Hagy said.

Why has demand exploded in the past five years?

First, the agency increased the amount that could be extended to one borrower
from $10 million to $25 million.

Then, in 1996, it began a concerted marketing effort and streamlined its
processes. Finally, it broadened the kinds of eligible businesses to include
hotels and motels.

Now just about the only screening requirement is that the business borrower must
be at least 51%-owned by a U.S. citizen.

The program guarantees up to 80% of a bank's loss if a loan defaults. It also
gives banks increased liquidity and fee income, as well as more flexibility in
the loans they can make.

Liquidity and Fee Income

The guarantee loan program helps banks increase liquidity because they can sell
the guaranteed portion on the secondary market.

Moreover, the guaranteed portion does not count against a bank's lending limit.

Butte Community Bank in Chico, Calif., has 24 of the program's loans in its
portfolio and plans another 10 this year. Glenn Rilinger, vice president of the
$220 million-asset bank, said the guarantees have helped Butte broaden its
portfolio.

"For a small bank our size, we have a legal lending limit based on our capital.
With the guarantee at 80% or 90%, we can leverage ourselves to fund projects
beyond that limit," Mr. Rilinger said.

Butte made its first such guaranteed loan in 1996 after the department's
marketing campaign made it aware of the program, he said.

Though Butte and other banks sell the guaranteed portion of the loans, they
retain the loan servicing and thus fee income.

In addition, banks are not required to back the guaranteed portion with loan
-loss reserves.

As a result, said Dennis McMillan, senior vice president of $1.3 billion- asset
Busey Bank in Urbana, Ill., return on equity has gone as high as 30% on some
guaranteed loans.

Mr. McMillan said that Busey, which uses the program mainly to lend to rural
manufacturers, has made several million dollars of guaranteed loans and is
currently working on one for $500,000.

His goal is for all of Busey's 10 commercial lenders to make a loan guaranteed
under the program this year.

Patrick Kerrigan, program manager for the Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp.,
which helps banks sell the guaranteed portion of these loans, said that banks
regularly earn returns of 15% to 25% on the agency-guaranteed loans.

"They get liquidity, they get fee income, and they get a nice return on
investment," Mr. Kerrigan said.

Loan Flexibility

Liquidity and fee income aside, Mr. Rilinger at Butte said he likes the
flexibility offered by the business and industry loans.

One Small Business Administration criterion, he said, "is that it has to be a
for-profit business. The USDA doesn't have that requirement."

Mr. Rilinger added that before Butte began using the USDA program it did not
make many loans to nonprofits. "We would not have the terms they needed and
maybe not want to be involved."

He said that nonprofits often are funded by donations that fluctuate annually,
making the credit risk too high for the bank's loan criteria.

But with the guarantees Butte has loaned to such projects as a foster care
agency and a low-income health clinic. These nonprofits are eligible so long as
they further the agency's mission of creating or saving jobs in rural areas.
Butte also has used the program to lend to movie theaters and storage
facilities.

Thomas G. Zernick, president of the $4.8 billion-asset Republic Bank in Lansing,
Mich., said the business and industry program has allowed Republic to extend the
terms it offers to customers and offer loans for projects like gas stations.

Joe O. Knight, president of the $200 million-asset Heritage Bank in Neligh,
Neb., said the guaranteed loans shore up Heritage's loan packages.

"If we look at a business and it doesn't have a substantial amount of equity
going into it, then we will go and get a guarantee," he said.

Heritage began participating in the program six years ago. Since then, Mr.
Knight estimated, the bank has made $1.25 million of guaranteed loans to
borrowers ranging from owners of a Subway sandwich shop to employees of an auto-
parts dealership who needed funds to buy out the owner. He estimated that
Heritage will add $500,000 of such loans to its portfolio this year.

Mr. Knight said the only drawback to processing the agency-guaranteed loans is
paperwork. So on loans of up to $100,000 he uses the SBA's low-documentation
loan program, and on those of more than $100,000 he recommends the business and
industry program.

Steven J. Pricco, director of government-guaranteed lending at the $11.9
billion-asset Michigan National Bank in Farmington Hills, said he had heard from
a previous boss that the paperwork for business and industry loans was
"cumbersome" and therefore had formed a bad impression of the program. "My boss
had done a deal with the USDA and vowed never to do it again," he said.

But by the time he joined Michigan National in 1997 the agency had streamlined
the process, and the bank has been a customer ever since.

Mr. Hagy of the Rural Business and Cooperative Service acknowledged that the
paperwork was onerous, and he credits the streamlining efforts for improving
participation.

"I think we went from 18 forms to six forms," he said.

The Problem

"The biggest issue we have with the USDA is that we can't get enough funding
nationally," Republic Bank's Mr. Zernick said. "We run out of money in Michigan
by the summer."

Though Congress continues to increase funding for the business and industry
program, demand has never been higher.

Simply put, lenders prefer the security of the guarantee when making loans in
rural markets.

Mr. Pricco of Michigan National advised borrowers to submit applications by May
to avoid being left out.

The agency's own representatives said the program could use more support from
Congress.

Mr. Hagy said that, though the amount pledged for guarantees may be close to
$1.6 billion in 2001, the actual amount spent on the program is just $13.4
million.

"We don't see anything happening where the demand will be less in the next few
year," Mr. Hagy said.

Mr. Townsend, the program's Illinois representative, said the USDA actively
promotes the program to banks because it is cheaper for the government to
guarantee a loan than to make one.

"We're so tight on resources out there we need the partnership with banks," he
said.

Copyright c 2001 Thomson Financial. All Rights Reserved.

SECTION: SUPPLEMENT: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 1364 words

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2001 American Banker, Inc.


                              323 of 998 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                             June 21, 2011 Tuesday
                                Toronto Edition

Cityto take over financially troubled Etobicoke hockeyarena; Arena on verge of
defaulting on $35.5M in loans

BYLINE: Natalie Alcoa, National Post

SECTION: TORONTO; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 573  words


Mayor Rob Ford's executive committee voted to take over a financially troubled
hockey arena in Etobicoke that had been run by the Lakeshore Lions Club, and
took steps to curtail its practice of acting as a loan guarantor.

The Lakeshore Lions Arena, practice rink for the Toronto Maple Leafs and Marlies
and home of the Hockey Hall of Fame archives, is on the verge of defaulting on
various loans, $35.5-million of which is backstopped by the city.

City staff recommended seizing control of the facility, also known as the
Mastercard Centre for Hockey Excellence, in order to prevent the default, which
would put the city on the hook. The intent is to find new operators or owners.
If approved by council, the city will establish a new city services corporation
called the Lakeshore Arena Corp. to run the arena, and assume its $43million
debt. The executive also authorized a line of credit of $1-million for the
corporation to help with cash flow during slower periods.

The arena brings in about $3.7-million in revenue, but that's not enough to keep
it afloat. Rising interest rates, plus second-floor space that has never been
rented out, tipped the scales against the Lions financially, staff said.
"Sometimes people's dreams exceed their ability to pay for it and that's the
situation we find ourselves in here. But this still is a grand facility," Deputy
Mayor Doug Holyday told the committee.

Other members of the executive were visibly irked by the turn of events and
questioned staff as to why they were, in the words of Councillor David Shiner
(Willowdale), being asked to "absolve" the Lions of their management
responsibilities. He convinced his colleagues to strip the interior and exterior
of the arena of Lions signage. A plaque commemorating the group's historical
contributions will be displayed.

"There has to be a price for making a mistake," said Mr. Shiner. "They dropped
this in the city's lap because we trusted them for $35-million and they couldn't
find a fix for it themselves."

That set the stage for a debate on loan guarantees, with Budget Chief Mike Del
Grande arguing the city should stop doing it altogether. The city is currently
guaranteeing $244.5-million worth of capital loans for organizations that
promote sports, culture and community-based activities such as the Evergreen
Brickworks, Artscape, Bixi, Toronto's parent company and Ricoh Coliseum. Build
Toronto, the city's real estate arm, has the largest loan guarantee, valued at
$160-million.

"We don't have people coming here for their mortgages," said Mr. Del Grande.
"I'm saying we can't continue the way we're going. We just got stung on the
Lions arena . Why should the taxpayer be responsible for loan guarantees for
private organizations? They shouldn't be."

The executive voted to phase out existing capital loan guarantees for non-city
agencies, boards and commissions, as they expire.

The executive committee's decision does not affect guarantees of operating lines
of credit to cultural organizations. The Toronto Symphony Orchestra, for
example, has a $3-million line of credit guaranteed by the city; the Toronto
Philharmonia has defaulted on its $250,000 line of credit.

Councillor Denzil MinnanWong, a member of the executive, said groups can still
ask for loan guarantees. "It would depend upon the application, who the group
was, how solid they were and the benefit to the city," he said.

nalcoba@nationalpost.com twitter.com/#NPHallMonitor

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              324 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           December 12, 2013 Thursday
                              Correction Appended

B.C. First Nations eye LNG equity stakes;
Not satisfied with mere jobs, say aboriginal leaders who are seeking backers in
the Far East and loan guarantees in Ottawa

BYLINE: SHAWN McCARTHY

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: CANADIAN; ENERGY; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 641 words

DATELINE: GATINEAU, QUE.


First Nations leaders in British Columbia are seeking multibillion-dollar loan
guarantees from the federal government to enable them to take ownership stakes
in various liquefied natural gas projects being planned in the province, and
have also travelled to China and Japan looking for backers.

The bid to raise financing comes as the Assembly of First Nations launches an
effort to forge an aboriginal national energy strategy, which would be based on
treaty rights, sustainable development and the need for impoverished communities
to benefit from the massive resource development that Canada expects over the
next decade.

"What is absolutely clear is that unless First Nations are included as full
partners in development, the prospects for projects proceeding are negligible,"
said Dave Porter, chief executive of British Columbia First Nations Energy and
Mining Council.

He said aboriginal communities will resort to the courts if Ottawa presses ahead
over their objections with pipeline projects such as Enbridge Inc.'s Northern
Gateway.

But Mr. Porter said there is an opportunity for industry to partner with First
Nations, especially on proposals to develop shale gas fields in northeastern
B.C., and build liquefaction plants on the coast to ship the LNG to Asia. There
are a dozen projects under consideration, and the British Columbia government is
eager to have at least five approved by the end of 2015.

Ottawa has supported Newfoundland and Labrador's Lower Churchill project with a
$5-billion loan guarantee, and Mr. Porter said the Harper government has
described resource projects in B.C. as being in the national interest as the
country looks to diversify its energy export market away from a near-total
reliance on the United States, to access fast-growing Asia.

"If these projects are deemed to be in the national interest, then surely we're
going to see a positive response," Mr. Porter said. "Because in my view, Canada
will not reach its full economic potential until it reconciles the place of
First Nations, which means direct involvement in joint planning, joint
decision-making, and the sharing in the benefits. And that means more than jobs
and contracts, it means ownership."

Spokesmen for Natural Resources Minister Joe Oliver were unable to comment late
Wednesday on the B.C. First Nations' request.

Some B.C. aboriginal communities are already pursuing ownership interest in LNG
projects.

The Haisla First Nation is working with three separate projects Kitimat, run by
Chevron Corp. and Apache Corp.; the project led by Royal Dutch Shell PLC, and
the B.C./ LNG project led by Malaysia's Petronas.

At a conference across the river from Ottawa, AFN leaders said aboriginal
communities need their own national energy strategy that would give them a road
map for dealing with government and industry on resource development, similar to
the provincial effort led by Alberta Premier Alison Redford.

"We want to find a way to articulate the leadership's view and vision of how
they want to be involved in resource development in Canada, and how we see
resource development incorporating our view on issues such as consultation and
managing the lands and sustainability," said Richard Nerysoo, president of the
Gwich'in tribal council in the Northwest Territories and co-chair of the AFN's
economic development committee.

But the AFN chiefs face their own internal challenges as they look to become
partners in oil and gas development.

The push for LNG development is raising fears about fracking in northeastern
B.C.

Activist Caleb Bain warned that aboriginal communities are threatened by
large-scale development of shale gas, with hydraulic fracturing posing a threat
to local water sources.

He urged the AFN chiefs to focus any national strategy on renewable energy
development, rather than fossil fuels.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: December 14, 2013



CORRECTION: A Thursday Report on business article on B.C. First Nations included
an incorrect name for an activist. He is Caleb Behn, not Caleb Bain as
published.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2013 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              325 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             March 3, 2011 Thursday

Bernard, Sherrill receive community grants

SECTION: A; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 115 words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture Office of Rural Development has awarded
grants to two local Iowa communities through the Community Facility Grant
Program.

Bernard will receive $5,530 to purchase a generator to power water and sewer
systems during a power outage and to equip the fire and rescue departments.

The Sherrill Fire Department will receive $5,700 to purchase 15 new sets of
firefighting bunker gear and $6,400 to purchase a cardiac defibrillator.

According to the Department of Agriculture, the Community Facilities Program
provides grants, loans and loan guarantees to assist in the development of
essential community facilities in rural areas and towns of up to 20,000 in
population.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              326 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                Intelligencer Journal (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                           February 4, 2009 Wednesday

Manheim Hears Plan For Project

BYLINE: Rochelle A. Shenk, Correspondent

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 377  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


BY ROCHELLE A. SHENK

Correspondent

Manheim Borough Council reviewed Manheim Borough Authority's plans for financing
the project to upgrade its wastewater treatment facility Jan. 27.

Kathleen Gray, the authority solicitor, gave the update of the project. She
explained upgrades for the plant are needed to comply with new regulations that
will take effect in 2010 for the Chesapeake Bay Tributary Strategy.

Mayor Randy Kreiser said, "The authority is in a tough spot that's not of their
making. The plant project has to be done. The regulations are being imposed by a
higher level of government."

The cost of the upgrades is estimated at $10 million, and the authority is
planning to submit a grant application to the state Department of Community &
Economic Development and Department of Environmental Protection to help defray
the cost of the upgrade.

An eligibility requirement for this funding is that the facility must serve more
than one municipality. The authority serves approximately 2,300 homes and
businesses in Manheim Borough and customers in parts of Penn and Rapho
townships.

Gray said the authority also must show that it has matching funds available, so
it will be looking at proposals for a $5 million loan that's guaranteed by the
borough. She said it is common for municipalities to guarantee loans made by
municipal authorities.

"If the borough doesn't guarantee the loan, most likely the banks won't agree to
it and the project cannot be done, which means that the authority won't be in
compliance with DEP regulations and DEP will come down on them," she said.

The deadline was Jan. 29 for loan proposals. The funding package will be
submitted to council for approval this month and then submitted to the state.
The authority expects to hear the results of the grant funding by late summer.
In the meantime, plans for the plant upgrade are being completed and are
expected to be put out to bid this spring.

"The $5 million loan will be needed not only for the grant application but also
as a bridge loan," Gray said. She said when the authority receives word about
the grant, it will review the financing plan for the project and a rate increase
may be needed. She promised to keep council updated on the grant process and any
proposed rate increase.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              327 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  The Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 9, 2010 Tuesday

Funding gives boost to Essex County businesses

BYLINE: Dan Heath, The Press-Republican, Plattsburgh, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 728 words


Nov. 09--CHESTERFIELD -- Three businesses in Essex County have received USDA
grants and guaranteed loans for energy-efficiency projects.

U.S. Rep. Bill Owens joined U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development
Energy Coordinator Scott Collins Monday at Essex Box and Pallet in the Town of
Chesterfield to announce the funding.

ESSEX BOX AND PALLET

Essex Box and Pallet will get a $225,000 grant through the U.S. Department of
Agriculture Rural Development's Rural Energy for America Program. The USDA also
guaranteed a loan from Champlain National Bank for $450,000. And the Essex
County Industrial Development Agency provided Essex Box and Pallet with a
$225,000 loan.

Owners Michael and Colleen Lemza will use the $900,000 to expand their
pallet-manufacturing business to include wood-pellet production.

The pellets would be made from sawdust and wood residue by-products from the
pallet-making process.

"It's been a long process getting to this point," Mr. Lemza said.

Collins said the Rural Energy for America Program is funded through the 2008
federal Farm Bill. It allows eligible farms and rural small businesses to get
funds to improve energy efficiency.

"This project fits that to a T."

Collins said he's excited about the project. Local production of wood pellets
could help lower heating costs for area residents, he said.

Essex Box and Pallet has 12 employees now, and Mr. Lemza said they are likely to
add two when the pellet manufacturing starts. The company could eventually add
up to eight workers if demand requires.

"Our goal is to produce pellets by the end of May or early June," Mr. Lemza
said.

Owens said this is a great example of collaboration between the public and
private sectors. It is also a way to take advantage of the many opportunities
for bio-mass energy production available in the Adirondacks, he said.

"This is proof these kind of projects are going forward and creating jobs."

Essex County IDA Co-Executive Director Carol Calabrese said the agency provided
funding through the Essex County Economic Development Revolving Loan Fund.

"We've been working with Michael and Colleen for the past 2 1/2 years on this
project," she said.

The use of a waste by-product for energy is a fabulous example of green energy,
Calabrese said.

"This is the truest form of green I can think of."

Chesterfield Town Supervisor Gerald Morrow said most people don't realize the
obstacles the Lemzas faced as they worked to expand their business. It was done
despite the difficult economic climate in Essex County, New York state and the
Adirondack Park, he said.

"Essex County and the Town of Chesterfield owes them a debt of gratitude."

WILLSBORO SCHOOL

Collins also announced a $600,000 loan guarantee to Stonebrook Properties.

Stonebrook owner Eli Schwartzberg plans to convert the former Willsboro School
building into Champlain Valley Senior Community, a 62-room assisted-living
facility.

The loan guarantee will be used to install a wood-pellet boiler to heat the
facility.

Schwartzberg said the availability of high-quality wood pellets produced 20
minutes away will save him a lot in transportation charges.

"I'm going to be a local customer for this (Essex Box and Pallet) project."

He said renovations should start within three months and be done by late 2011 or
early 2012.

The project also previously received a $5.3 million loan guarantee through the
USDA Business and Industry Loan program.

It is an ideal location, Schwartberg said, because it's within easy walking
distance to the library, restaurants and churches. It is also a short ride to
catch the Essex ferry to Burlington.

ESSEX FARM

The third announcement was for a $40,780 USDA grant to Essex Farm.

It will be used to install a 25-kilowatt solar photovoltaic system at the farm.

"All told, we have had a pretty significant impact in Essex County through this
program this year," Collins said.

E-mail Dan Heath at:

dheath@pressrepublican.com

To see more of The Press-Republican or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.pressrepublican.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Press-Republican,
Plattsburgh, N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101109-ZI-Funding-gives-boost-to-Essex-County-businesses-1109-20101109

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZI


                      Copyright 2010 The Press-Republican


                              328 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 5, 2014 Wednesday

Hoeven Announces $5.5 Million in USDA Loans, Grants to North Dakota

LENGTH: 388  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator John Hoeven, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Senator John Hoeven today announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) is awarding $5.5 million in loans and grants to six North Dakota
organizations. The funds are made available through USDA's Community Facilities
program, which provides loans, loan guarantees and grants to local governments
and nonprofits to construct, enlarge or improve community facilities for health
care, public safety and public services in rural areas and towns with
populations up to 20,000.

"We are experiencing tremendous growth across North Dakota and we continue
working to invest in important infrastructure to keep our communities vibrant,"
said Hoeven. "These USDA grants will help to construct and renovate community
buildings to meet the needs of the people they serve."

The loans and grants are awarded as follows:

Candeska Cikana Community College - a $4,491,250 loan to construct a
centrally-located new Head Start facility and a $145,302 grant to construct the
second phase of the campus' cultural center, which will be used to house
artifacts and hold community events
    Maddock Opera House - a $226,900 loan and a $50,000 grant to renovate the
top floor and stairway
    Fort Berthold Community College - a $145,302 grant to add a greenhouse
addition
    Sitting Bull College - a $145,302 grant to construct the second phase of the
campus' paving and lighting project, which will connect the northeastern and
southeastern portions of the campus
    Turtle Mountain Community College - a $145,302 grant to upgrade and replace
roofing on the campus' medical building
    United Tribes Technical College - a $145,302 grant to renovate two streets,
correcting drainage problems on campus

As a member of the U.S. Senate Agriculture and Appropriations Committees, Hoeven
continues working to support rural development programs, which promote
infrastructure investment in and help grow North Dakota's rural communities. The
senator also served on the Senate-House Conference Committee that negotiated the
final version of the new five-year farm bill which reauthorized and strengthened
programs in support of rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              329 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            August 2, 2007 Thursday
                                 SOUTH EDITION

Ice arena is closer to reality

BYLINE: By Karen Robinson - NEWS STAFF REPORTER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 295 words


The proposed ice arena in East Aurora got a significant financial boost
Wednesday when it received a $4 million federal loan guarantee that local
organizers hailed as a critical step in moving the project forward.

"This is a tremendous milestone for us," said Anthony DiFilippo IV, president of
the Aurora Ice Association that first proposed the project seven years ago.
"This loan commitment and guarantee moves us much closer toward making the Time
Warner Cable Ice Centre a reality."

The office of Sen. Charles E. Schumer, D-N.Y., announced the federal loan
backing that was awarded through the federal Department of Agriculture's Rural
Development program as a community-facility guaranteed loan.

"This is great news for East Aurora," Schumer said in a prepared statement. "Not
only will local students find a safe haven for socializing, exercise and
recreation, but also the rink will offer services for adults, high schools and
the physically challenged. As the rink attracts business from across the region
by drawing in customers and hosting tournaments, it will serve as an economic
boost for East Aurora and all of Erie County."

The $4 million -- loaned through Citizens Bank, with 90 percent of it guaranteed
by the federal government -- accounts for nearly half of the $8.65 million
project calling for a 68,000-square-foot indoor ice arena with two sheets on
Riley Street, just off Main Street, in the heart of the village.

Despite the significance of the loan and federal backing for the project, which
has been in the making since 1999, the not-for-profit Aurora Ice Association
still must raise about $3.5 million before construction can begin on the rink,
said Carol Halter, project executive director for Aurora Ice Association.

e-mail: krobinson@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              330 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      April 14, 1991, Sunday, City Edition

Playing hardball to lure spring training

BYLINE: KEN MORITSUGU; VICTORIA WHITE

SECTION: CITRUS TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1322 words

DATELINE: INVERNESS



For years, spring training was a low-budget affair played in old wooden stadiums
with splinter-filled seats.

    Those days are fading fast. Spurred in large part by developers, city and
county governments are building multimillion-dollar stadiums to lure teams to
their communities.

    Spring training has become big business. Teams want more than a place to
play ball. They want state-of-the-art stadiums and a larger share of the
revenues to help offset what remains a money-losing venture for them.     Local
governments face difficult decisions on how much they are willing to spend for
the entertainment and economic benefit that spring training only promises to
deliver.

    "Spring training in the past was exactly that," said John Wendel, a Lakeland
sports lawyer. The only purpose was "getting the players ready for the season.
But today, the spring training games have taken on a life of their own."

    So have the related lease negotiations. A case in point is Citrus County's
hot and cold relationship with the Cleveland Indians in its ongoing effort to
lure the team here.

    Here is a look at some of the negotiating points.
 Guarantees "wishful thinking'


   Both sides are looking for what appear to be unprecedented economic
guarantees in the lease. Citrus County wants assurance that it won't have to dip
into property tax revenue to cover the stadium's operating expenses.

    The Indians want at least 5,000 fans to attend each game. While minimum
attendance guarantees have been part of regular season deals, sports lawyers
said they have never heard of one in a spring training lease.

    "I think that's wishful thinking" by the Indians, said Don Miers, manager of
Osceola County's stadium in Kissimmee, where the Houston Astros train. "I don't
see how you can ever do that."

    The Indians initially wanted the county to guarantee that the team would
receive at least the dollar equivalent generated by 5,000 fans a game.

    When the county commissioners balked, the Indians' representative suggested
that the private sector could make that guarantee. That has happened in some
packages offered to sports teams for the regular season, lawyers said.

    In Phoenix, the business community formed a non-profit corporation that made
an attendance guarantee to help lure the former St. Louis Cardinals football
team to that city, said Rick Hillhouse, a sports attorney who represented
Arizona State University, where the Cardinals now play.

    "It simply comes down to reaching out into the community and saying how
badly do you want these people to come here," said Joe Garagiola Jr., a Phoenix
sports lawyer and chairman of the Arizona baseball commission. "You as the
business community stand to benefit from the team being in the community, but
you're going to have to put your money where your mouth is."

 Other areas dip into the coffers


   Citrus County's demand that its property taxes remain untouched may derive
from the experience of other spring training hosts.  Several local governments
said they routinely use property tax or tourist tax revenues to help pay
operating costs.

    Plant City dips into its general fund each year to make up a deficit of $
35,000 to $ 70,000 at the Cincinnati Reds spring training facility, according to
city manager Nettie Draughon.

    Sarasota expects to pull $ 167,000 out of its general fund this year to help
pay the $ 400,000 operating costs of the Chicago White Sox stadium, said Pat
Calhoon, sports facilities manager for the city.

    Osceola County makes up a $ 500,000 annual shortfall with tourist tax
revenue, Miers said.

    "We lose money on paper, however it's no big deal when you're pumping $
15-million (annually) into the local economy," he said.  Also, Miers noted, the
county is providing entertainment to residents.

    For Dunedin, baseball is not a money loser. Unlike many other spring
training deals, the team the Toronto Blue Jays pays the cost of maintaining the
facilities.

    The city also had an advantage in owning an existing Florida State League
stadium. The facility had to be upgraded at a cost of more than $ 2-million, but
that's much less than building even a low-end stadium from scratch.

    Revenues from the games cover the city's operating expenses and the annual
payments on the loan for stadium construction costs.

    "Our objective was to make it self-sufficient so we have not raised any
taxes to pay for it," said City Manager John Lawrence.

 Dividing the revenues


   The rising popularity of spring training has turned it into an attractive
revenue source for teams. With cities and counties competing to be spring
training venues, the teams have been able to extract a higher share of the
revenue and better facilities as well.

    "I think in years past, teams just didn't focus that closely on spring
training," Garagiola said. "Now they're saying, well shoot, if we get 100,000
people going through here, the whole gross on this thing's going to jump up over
a million dollars, and if there's that kind of money being generated around
here, maybe we ought to take some of it when we leave."

    The revenue sources include ticket sales, scoreboard and outfield fence
advertising, food anddrink sales, souvenir and program sales  and media
broadcast rights.

    Sometimes, the city or county is allowed to put a surcharge on the ticket
price to raise more revenue.

    About the only thing that's decided is broadcast rights: The teams always
seem to get all the media money. The division of the remaining revenues varies
considerably from lease to lease.

    In some leases, the local governments don't rely solely on stadium revenues
for funds. Instead, the team pays a flat rent and turns over a percentage of the
revenues on top of that. The Minnesota Twins, for example, will pay Lee County $
200,000 this year.

    A flat rent is less risky than a revenue percentage. If several games are
rained out or canceled by a strike, governments relying on a share of the
revenues will get less money.

    Because of last year's baseball strike, Dunedin had to borrow money from a
self-insurance fund to cover its stadium loan payments, Lawrence said. Lee
County uses the Twins annual payment to help pay off its $ 15.6-million stadium.


    "We wanted a guaranteed thing," said Jim Lavender, director of the county
planning and construction division. "Even if there's no spring training, they
pay."

 Getting the ball rolling


   In Citrus County's negotiations, the Indians drew up the first draft of the
lease. That may have saved the county some attorneys' fees, but it left the
commission with a proposal it was unhappy with.

  "To take the upper hand, I would have asked you for $ 40,000 or $ 50,000" for
fees, assistant county administrator Steve Wylie told commissioners Tuesday. "We
can throw the document away and pay (sports attorney) Mr. (David) Cardwell to
write a new one (but) that's very expensive."

    Instead, the commissioners opted to have Cardwell respond. In a letter to
the Indians representative last week, he raised numerous objections to the
proposed lease.

    In Dunedin, the city drew up the initial draft, but many of its proposals
ended up on the cutting room floor after negotiations, Lawrence said.

    Somebody always has to start the ball rolling by writing a draft, Garagiola
said. "It's who wants to start the clock running on their lawyer first."

    Both he and Hillhouse praised the Indians' setting the tone of the
negotiations by taking the initiative.

    "The first document that gets put into play is pretty much the core of what
you end up with," Garagiola said.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITRUS TIMES

GRAPHIC: COLOR CHART; Comparison of how the draft lease proposed by the
Cleveland Indians compares with their existing lease in Tucson and with the
leases of other teams throughout Florida

                            Times Publishing Company


                              331 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         Drogheda Independent (Ireland)

                                 March 8, 2017
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

New LEADER loan fund scheme to help organisations

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 77

LENGTH: 263 words


A new (EURO)25m Community LEADER Loan Fund to assist community based
organisations participate in the new LEADER programme is being launched by Clann
Credo, Ireland's largest provider of finance for community based organisations.

The Fund, formally launched by Heather Humphreys, Minister for Arts, Heritage,
Regional, Rural and Gaeltacht Affairs,, will provide both matching and bridging
loan facilities, specifically geared to the needs of rural groups and
initiatives.

The event was attended by Frank O'Brien, Chair Louth Leader Partnership and
Councillors Emma Coffey and Conor Keenan.

Uniquely the new scheme will require no personal guarantees from community
organisations applying for loan facilities.

Other major features of the new LEADER loan scheme include: * No formal
application form, the process is based on the original LEADER application *
Interest rates are fixed on loans up to five years * Early repayment or extra
payments options with no penalty - including for fixed rate loans * Regionally
based staff with expert local knowledge and experience who provide a one-to-one
service in finalising the loan process with each community organisation *
In-depth advice and free financial health check provided for all applicants,
based on Credo's unequalled 20-year experience in community loan provision.

Clann Credo will be publicising the new loans widely over the coming months and
will be working with local LEADER and community based organisations to ensure
that the maximum benefits can be obtained from the overall LEADER programme. See
also www.clanncredo.ie.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Right: Frank O'Brien, Chair Louth Leader Partnership, Cllr Emma Coffey,
Cllr Conor Keenan with Jennifer Hennessy, Louth area representative of Clann
Credo, at the launch of Clann Credo's (EURO)25m LEADER Loan Fund

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DHI


             Copyright 2017 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              332 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Manila Times

                            July 12, 2006 Wednesday

BIG DEAL SARIAYA PORT PUZZLE

BYLINE: By Dan Mariano

LENGTH: 956 words


THE media and business circles are abuzz with talk about mounting agitation in
the farming and agricultural trading sectors. Disgruntlement is focused on a
P1.6-billion loan unilaterally guaranteed by the government-owned Philippine
Export Import Credit Agency (PHILEXIM).

The loan was used to build a giant post-harvest facility-which turned out to be
a port in far-flung Sariaya, a sleepy town right in the heart of insurgent
country, several kilometers away from where NPA mouthpiece Gregorio Rosal,
a.k.a. Ka Roger, makes his satellite phone calls to media interviewers.

The Sariaya port project was funded by a consortium of banks, which include the
United Coconut Planters Bank, Equitable Bank and ABN-Amro. Praise, er, press
releases had trumpeted the port as the future "grains transshipment hub for the
Philippines and Asia." According to farmers and agricultural traders, such a hub
should contain storage and shipment facilities where they could bring their
corn, rice, tapioca and other farm produce for distribution and/or forward
shipment.

On the surface, this seems like a laudable project. It also appears the
government was right in providing sovereign guarantee to a project that would
make it easy for Filipino farmers to distribute and sell their produce. In
addition, what could earn foreign currency for the country are the grains
traders of other Asian countries who could be invited to store their produce at
Sariaya for onward shipment across the Pacific Ocean to the Western Hemisphere
and elsewhere.

The bright prospects notwithstanding, the postharvest facility has come under
grave doubt. Anxiety over the project appears to be anchored on two major
concerns.

First, who would use a port facility located in a town that has no support
infrastructure? Sariaya is so inaccessible that farmers and traders from other
parts of the country would think twice, maybe thrice, before bringing their
produce there for storage and transshipment.

And if Filipino grains traders would be reluctant to use it, can you imagine how
Thai, Vietnamese, Malaysian and Chinese agri-businessmen would feel? If farmers
from Mindanao would rather not bring their produce to Sariaya, would an
agricultural trader from, say, Kuala Lumpur ship his produce to the
out-of-the-way municipality in a rebel-infested region of the Philippines?

Second, if the port fails to generate local and regional patronage, would not a
loan default be probable? If that happens, who would be left holding the bag?
Since it is a government-guaranteed loan, would not we taxpayers be made to
shoulder the apparent imprudence of PHILEXIM?

PHILEXIM is under the supervision of the Department of Finance; its chairman is
Finance Secretary Margarito Teves.

Mindanao farmers have already relayed their objections to the Sariaya port via
the press. Bringing their produce to faraway and NPA-infested Sariaya-prior to
distribution to the rest of Luzon-is risky enough for them; it would also be
very expensive.

Some quarters want to give the project the benefit of the doubt. If the project
proponents are to be believed, the Sariaya port could transform the country into
an important center of agricultural trading in the Asia-Pacific region. They say
the port could handle very large vessels, referred to as "Cape-size" ships.

The promotional points are valid, but farmers have raised questions about those
giant vessels, too. They say grains traders do not really use such ships because
they are too big and too expensive for their requirements.

Cape-size ships are normally used for transporting oil, cars and heavy
machinery-not grain and similar produce. The port proponents' spin on those
vessels has, in fact, backfired.

It has aroused suspicions that the remote Sariaya port was not really built for
farmers and the agriculture sector, but for the power plants in Pagbilao,
Quezon. And if that was the real intention, then the conditions of the loan and
the guarantee may be up for potential violation.

What farmers and traders know is that the banks lent money, which PHILEXIM
guaranteed, for the construction of a postharvest facility.

Postharvest facilities are supposed to benefit farmers. That may have been why
the government was willing to unilaterally guarantee the P1.6-billion loan-in
behalf of the agriculture sector. However, this same sector now seems leery to
use the facility. And with the target beneficiaries appearing reluctant to use
the post-harvest facility, two other sectors have become very nervous.

The bankers, for one, do not want to see a major default on such a huge loan,
which becomes due in about three years. A default would have disastrous
consequences on the entire banking community. Yet, the Sariaya port has not even
inaugurated its services.

Just as jittery are taxpayers who ultimately foot the bill when a
government-guaranteed loan goes kaput and into default. Right-thinking citizens,
of course, do not want the project to fail. Since it has already been built from
the proceeds of a government-guaranteed loan, they hope that the Sariaya port
would become what the proponents promise it would one day be. But that day
should fall within the repayment period so we taxpayers can sleep in peace.

Teves-along with Agriculture Secretary Domingo Panganiban-should explain why the
government has backed a project that offers so much promise but has been
received with suspicion by its supposed beneficiaries. It is important to help
farmers and agricultural traders understand why sleepy Sariaya was chosen as the
site for this P1.6-billion project.

We also need to hear the two Cabinet members "express confidence" that the loan
would be repaid on schedule and that we, taxpayers, would not be made to carry
yet another financial burden.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Regulation/Government Policy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2006 News Bites Pty Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                               Global News Bites


                              333 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                       June 13, 2005 Monday Home Edition

Golf course needs bailout;
Loan in default; residents may pay

BYLINE: KEVIN DUFFY

SECTION: Metro News; Pg. 1D;

LENGTH: 830 words


Taxpayers could be on the hook if a Fayette County golf course that got an
unusual federal loan guarantee is sold on the courthouse steps in Fayetteville
next month.

Wyant Golf Enterprises, a nonprofit that operates the Palmer Course at Starr's
Mill, has defaulted on its loan payments. So the lender, Heritage Bank,
announced a foreclosure sale July 5 at the county courthouse.

If the bank sells the course, formerly known as Whitewater Country Club, for
less than the debt, taxpayers could end up reimbursing the bank for 90 percent
of the loss.

But it's uncertain whether that will happen.

A group of well-heeled homeowners interested in buying the course had three
separate meetings Friday with Wyant CEO John Boykin, Heritage Bank and Canongate
Golf Club, which owns more than a dozen courses, including the three in nearby
Peachtree City.

The Palmer Course is located in the posh Whitewater Creek subdivision, where
homes sell in the high six figures. Denise Minear, the Whitewater homeowners
association president, said she is confident that a foreclosure sale can be
prevented.

"I truly think that we can put something together to avoid that," she said.
Canongate wants to lease the facility for two years before possibly buying it,
Minear said. Thus far, though, no agreement has been struck that would head off
the sale.

If the sale occurs, Heritage Bank could end up being the high bidder and own the
course, which also would mean no taxpayer bailout.

"Ninety-nine percent of significant commercial properties are taken back by the
lender," said Robert Morgan, the lawyer hired by the bank to conduct the
foreclosure sale. The reason is that the higher bidder has to have cash.

"Who's going to be standing around with $6 million in cash or even $2 million in
cash?" Morgan asked.

Boykin borrowed $6.04 million from Heritage in 2003 to buy and upgrade the
course between Peachtree City and Fayetteville.

The 16-year-old course was designed by golfing great Arnold Palmer but
deteriorated until Boykin made improvements.

"I call this a Mercedes neighborhood with a Chevrolet golf facility," he said
last year.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development branch guaranteed 90
percent of Boykin's loan. The feds will back a loan for a recreational facility
in a rural area --- even an upscale rural area --- provided it's open to the
public and the operator is a nonprofit or an Indian tribe.

A golf course attracts businesses and residents and creates jobs, explained
Arthur Garcia, former administrator of the USDA's Rural Housing Service.

Boykin, who has been involved in the golf business for more than 30 years,
wouldn't discuss his financial problems.

"I don't talk about loan payments," he said. "As far as we're concerned, the
golf course is in great condition." Selling it, he said, "is just a choice we've
made."

Heritage Bank, Canongate and Rural Development would not comment. Rural
Development says less than 2 percent of its loans turn bad.

The feds are guaranteeing loans for nine golf course projects across the
country, including two in Georgia, said Tim McNeilly with Rural Development's
public affairs office. The other Georgia project is a course in Columbia County
near Augusta set to open next month.

In Fayette, homeowners at a recent meeting were pitching a plan to get 300
people to pledge $350 monthly to assume Wyant's loan payments and head off a
sale.

"This is a chance for us to own and operate this club," David Harris, a former
pilot, told the crowd. "This is a very unique opportunity. Time is of the
essence. We really need to get hard pledges on a piece of paper to take to the
bank."

But later at the Friday meeting, Heritage Bank said it would need more money
than that, Minear said. "We were kind of blindsided," she said.

For years, the public golf course has disappointed homeowners wanting more
privacy in their gated community.

Robert Brooks, founder of the Hooters restaurant chain, is a former owner who
battled with residents of Whitewater Creek, home to more than 300 families.
Homeowners sued him and sought the help of the Fayette County Commission to
limit access to their community, without success.

The federal loan guarantee means the course will remain open to the public, at
least part of the time.

As a nonprofit, Wyant Golf Enterprises was supposed to donate surplus cash to
local charities, but "that hasn't worked," Greg Dunn, the County Commission
chairman, said. Dunn is on Wyant's board of trustees.

Competition, the course's location, cheap greens fees and even Boykin's
personality have conspired to hurt the Palmer Course.

"John's a very driven person," said David Simmons, another Wyant trustee. "He
just didn't click with the people out here."

Harris, who's pushing member ownership, said there's plenty of golf on the
Southside, so the Palmer Course has to be exceptional if it's ever going to get
out of the rough.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MARLENE KARAS / Staff John Boykin, CEO of the nonprofit Wyant Golf
Enterprises, got a federal loan to work on the Palmer Course at Starr's Mill.

                Copyright 2005 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              334 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Janesville Gazette (Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 14, 2012 Tuesday

Janesville City Council approves incentives for SHINE

BYLINE: Marcia Nelesen, The Janesville Gazette, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 653 words


Feb. 14--JANESVILLE -- The city of Janesville and SHINE Medical Technologies are
in business after a council vote on Monday approved a $9 million development
agreement.

SHINE CEO Greg Piefer said amid celebration outside council chambers that he
understands why some members of the community might be uncertain about his
company's proposal.

"It's got the word 'nuclear' in it, which is a scary word for a lot of people,"
Piefer said, pledging to get offer more answers for those interested in hearing
them.

City officials have been working on the SHINE project for two years, and Piefer
urged residents to trust them. Piefer praised city officials and said he is
already spreading the word to other interested businesses about how easy it was
to work with them.

The development agreement reached Monday includes $5 million in incentives and
$4 million in a loan guarantee to private investors.

SHINE would make isotopes that would be used in more than 30 different medical
diagnostic imaging procedures.

The 4-1 vote came after a lengthy public hearing and a question-and-answer
period between company officials and council members.

Council members Yuri Rashkin, who voted no, and Tom McDonald, who abstained,
said they did so because the public did not have adequate time to digest the
development agreement. Russ Steeber, Kathy Voskuil, Deb Dongarra-Adams and Sam
Liebert all voted yes.

McDonald said the council has been working on the agreement for two years but
the public had less than a week to review it.

"Two weeks from now, I very well may have voted in favor of this project," he
said.

Piefer said his board of directors needed an answer Monday or he might have been
directed to look at locating in another community.

"I want nothing more than for it to succeed, but somebody has to be fiscally
conservative in this whole mix," Rashkin said. "This is a big gamble."

Councilman Russ Steeber said the vote will define Janesville's future and the
council must be bold and look at the big picture.

"In the long run, the city, the region and the state will benefit from what
we're doing tonight," he said.

Most of the residents who spoke before the vote urged the council to use caution
in the development agreement. They cited environmental concerns, the use of
precious farmland for the project and the cost of the incentives.

Julie Backenkeller asked why the city has to guarantee $4 million in loans for
the project's private investors.

"Why would the taxpayers want to take this risk?" she asked. "I realize we want
to create jobs, but something's not right."

Backenkeller noted the city would run utilities past vacant land to get to the
SHINE facility and warned residents about increased utility costs.

Also, if SHINE is unable to raise enough money to open its facility,
Backenkeller wondered if it would it come back and ask the city for more.

Tim Weber, a local builder, said Janesville needs SHINE to begin its path back
toward becoming the thriving community it once was.

"Is there a risk? Yes, but there always is," he said. "I guarantee you that Mr.
Piefer is refining his business model to ensure success."

Piefer and his team answered questions about the radioactive byproduct, which
would be produced in small amounts. They also stressed the type of uranium used
in production is not the kind used to make nuclear weapons.

While his product is still conceptual, the individual pieces of the production
have all been successfully completed, Piefer said.

When asked why his company needed the $4 million guarantee, Piefer said he
really likes Janesville and wanted to locate here. But it all came down to
competition, and there were four aggressive communities courting the company.

The guarantee is what Janesville needed to do to be competitive, he said.

___ (c)2012 The Janesville Gazette (Janesville, Wis.) Visit The Janesville
Gazette (Janesville, Wis.) at www.gazetteextra.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120214-JG-Janesville-City-Council-approves-incentives-for-SHINE-0214-20120214

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JG


                     Copyright 2012 The Janesville Gazette


                              335 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Financial Post (Pakistan)

                           September 25, 2011 Sunday

SBP to make banking services accessible to all: Qasim

LENGTH: 492 words

DATELINE: Pakistan


Pakistan, Sept. 25 -- The State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) is committed to use all
possible means to make the banking services accessible to all segments of the
society. This was stated by Managing Director of SBP Banking Services
Corporation Qasim Nawaz while inaugurating a two-day Banking Exhibition in
Gujranwala on Friday, according to a SBP statement released here.

Qasim Nawaz highlighted various initiatives taken or being taken by the State
Bank to facilitate the underserved sectors of the economy in the field of
agriculture, SME (small and medium enterprises) and microfinance which include
ongoing review of policy and regulatory environment to promote SME, agriculture
and micro finance as a viable and mainstream business activity for banking
industry.

In addition, the Central Bank is also undertaking review of existing Prudential
Regulations for SME Financing to develop separate Small Enterprises & Medium
Enterprises. When implemented, this exercise will facilitate small enterprises'
access to bank credit and consequently raise their share in bank loans, he
added.

There is also a move to introduce Credit Guarantee Scheme for Small & Rural
Enterprises (CGS) to share credit risk with banks (upto 40%) with the objective
of increasing banks lending in neglected sectors/ areas. Around 2,000 accounts
have been issued guarantee under CGS. Rs 925 million have been disbursed to
small and rural enterprises under CGS and SBP shares risk worth Rs. 392.5
million with commercial banks for their lending to this sector, he maintained.

Qasim Nawaz said that introduction of Microfinance Credit Guarantee Facility was
also under study for resolving liquidity problems for Microfinance
Banks/Microfinance Institutions. Ten MFBs/MFIs have been provided funding
facilities worth Rs. 2.8 billion under the scheme by banks. SBP BSC has provided
guarantee cover of Rs. 805 million for the lending by commercial banks to
MFB/MFIs.

Moreover, crash training programme will be conducted for the SME and agricutlure
credit officers of banks. Special capacity building programmes for MFBs/MFIs and
Islamic banks are also in the pipeline.

The finance institutions will also be given access to electronic Credit
Information Bureau (CIB) MFIs to assess the credit worthiness and to avoid over
indebtedness of small borrowers, the MD added.

He said linkages will be establlished with all the key stakeholders both at
country level as well as the district/region level to adopt a collaborative
strategy to help facilitate the entrepreneurs and rural communities in accessing
financial services from banks. He was hopeful that the Banking Exhibition at
Gujranwala would go a long way in improving access to finance to the lower
segment of the borrowers of the region Published by HT Syndication with
permission from The Financial Post. For any query with respect to this article
or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Daily Financial Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              336 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    June 20, 1979, Wednesday, Final Edition


U.S. Outlines Plan to Improve Rural Transit

BYLINE: By Keith Richburg, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A4

LENGTH: 367 words


The Carter administration yesterday announced a package of grants, loans and new
projects aimed at improving public transportation in isolated rural communities.

The plan, disclosed amid much fanfare by three Cabinet secretaries in ceremonies
at the White House, is part of President Carter's forthcoming "comprehensive
rural development policy" that will be introduced later this month, according to
presidental aide Jack Watson.

The transportation segment of that comprehensive plan contains some new
programs, but has the overall effect of consolidating the already existing 114
federal programs currently providing transportation assistance to rural areas.

In the transportation plan, the General Services Asministration and the Defense
Department have agreed to give "several hundred excess or surplus vehicles" to
rural areas, while 1,500 Comprehensive Employment and Training Act workers will
be trained as drivers, mechanics and dispatchers in 13 demonstration states.

Also in the plan was an agreement among several aviation and business regulatory
agencies to target more than $200 million in grants, loans and loan guarantees
to commuter airlines serving rural areas and to small community airports to
upgrade their facilities.

A similar grant and loan package was included for the rehabilitation and repair
of abandoned or seldom used railroad branch lines, at an estimated cost of
$30,000 per mile of track.

The final portion of the rural transportation plan is series of federal
incentives for van pooling and ride sharing.  The incentives listed included an
Energy Department guarantee of 100 percent of needed gasoline for all registered
van pools during shortages, and Transportation Department efforts to find
"reasonably priced" insurance for van pools.

Administration officials, at a White House press briefing before the official
announcement, were reluctant to put a final price tag on the new rural
transportation plan, since most of the money was being redirected from existing
programs.

"It's not new money.  It's money that's being refocused based on these new
priorities," said Larry Gilson, the associate assistanto the president who
conducted the briefing.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1979 The Washington Post


                              337 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                           November 14, 2006 Tuesday
                                  Main Edition

OUR OPINIONS: USDA has no business doing loans

BYLINE: MAUREEN DOWNEY; Staff

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 385 words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture's barmy decision to label a luxury golf club
an "essential" community facility deserving of public assistance shouldn't be
surprising. This is the federal agency that once toyed with classifying ketchup
as a vegetable.

Unfortunately, while the 1981 ketchup caper only left the USDA red-faced, the
golf course fiasco has cost taxpayers more than a million dollars. After the
owner of the former Whitewater Country Club near Peachtree City defaulted on a
USDA-backed loan, taxpayers had to pay $1.8 million to a local bank and four
other note holders.

The USDA has moved far afield; its fundamental mission used to be improving
American agricultural productivity, but now it's apparently also improving the
American quality of life. The agency has opted to do so by guaranteeing loans
--- 553 since 1990 --- for essential community projects that it believes will
energize local economies and enhance rural areas. Those projects include nursing
homes, hospitals, schools and the occasional golf course.

The first questions that Congress ought to ask are why the Rural Development
Branch of the USDA defines any golf course as "essential" and how the Whitewater
Country Club in suburban Fayette County counted as rural development.

When businessman and golfing expert John Boykin came to the USDA's Rural
Development Branch in 2003 with ambitious plans to revitalize a grand 18-hole
course surrounded by swank homes, the agency consented to guarantee 90 percent
of his $6 million loan. Less than a year after Boykin got his money, he stopped
paying on the loans because the golf club was struggling.

Last year, the bank repossessed the course and sold it to a company that
reopened it as private golf club. The sale price did not cover the original
costs, forcing the USDA bailout.

Many federal agencies focus on economic development and community building, but
only one is vested with the responsibility to root out mad cow disease and
monitor bird flu in commercial poultry. Congress ought to suspend this flawed
USDA loan guarantee program until the agency can prove that it's necessary,
beneficial and consistent with its core agricultural mission.

--- Maureen Downey, for the editorial board (mdowney@ajc.com)

* EQUAL TIME: For another perspective on this issue, see the next page, A11

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2006 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              338 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 11, 2015 Wednesday

President's Budget Emphasizes Fuel Cycle, Used Fuel Programs

LENGTH: 898  words

DATELINE: Washington


Nuclear Energy Institute has issued the following press release:

The Department of Energy's fiscal 2016 budget proposal seeks to re-impose a
multibillion-dollar tax for the cleanup of three DOE-owned uranium enrichment
facilities, a move the nuclear energy industry deplores as redundant and unfair.
But other aspects of the budget are more in line with industry goals.

This year marks the sixth time the Obama administration has requested
reinstatement of the decontamination and decommissioning tax, even though
Congress has consistently turned it back.

"We recognize that the federal government has significant budget pressures, but
reinstating unjustified taxes on utility rate payers who have met their funding
obligation while the government has failed to meet its own is outrageously
unfair," NEI Senior Vice President for Governmental Affairs Alex Flint said.
"The uranium enrichment D&D tax proposal should be dead on arrival in Congress."

In other areas, the budget requests $62 million to continue supporting
certification and licensing assistance for the small reactor design being
developed by NuScale under a cost-share public-private partnership with DOE.

The overall fiscal 2016 budget proposal for DOE's Office of Nuclear Energy is
$907.5 million. The request is 9 percent higher than the $863 million requested
for fiscal 2015 and slightly below the $913.5 million enacted by Congress.

The Nuclear Regulatory Commission budget proposal of $1.03 billion is 1.7
percent higher than the enacted budget. Ninety percent of NRC's budget is
recouped via fees from the nuclear energy industry.

Flint said the NRC's oversight priorities merit "close scrutiny" by Congress,
given the industry's strong safety performance and the fact that utilities'
plans for new nuclear generating capacity are still being shaped by the
recession's lingering effects.

"We urge Congress to insist upon NRC adherence to its principles of good
regulation so that nuclear energy facilities can most safely and effectively
meet their customers' need for reliable, clean air power supplies," Flint said.
The industry's priority to ensure public safety "is being challenged by the
surplus of nonessential regulations and directives the NRC has imposed over the
past decade," he said.

Most DOE programs only saw modest changes. However, the administration requested
$217.7 million for fuel cycle R&D, a $20.7 million increase from the $197
million enacted for fiscal 2015.

The budget also zeroes out DOE and NRC programs to train the next generation of
nuclear industry workers and advance nuclear energy education, a move Flint said
makes "no sense." It would eliminate university programs that support
scholarships, fellowships and junior faculty at four-year institutions and
community colleges. The administration has consistently cut these programs,
though Congress has just as consistently provided about $5 million annually.
Used Nuclear Fuel

The administration is requesting $108 million to develop one or more facilities
for used fuel and high-level radioactive waste management using consent-based
siting as recommended by the Blue Ribbon Commission on America's Nuclear Future
in 2012. This represents a significant boost from the $79 million proposed for
fiscal 2015. An additional $3 million is proposed to fund research into disposal
options for some of DOE's high-level waste and used fuel. The administration
included no funds to continue the Yucca Mountain licensing process but proposes
using $24 million from the Nuclear Waste Fund for generic process development
and other non-R&D activities related to used fuel storage, transportation and
disposal.

The administration requests $345 million to continue construction of DOE's Mixed
Oxide Fuel Fabrication Facility in South Carolina, a turnabout from the fiscal
2015 proposal to put the facility into cold standby while DOE researched options
for disposal of surplus plutonium. Congress last year turned back the idea and
funded the facility's continued construction. The MOX fuel, which would be
fabricated from recycled surplus defense-origin plutonium and uranium, is
potentially a fuel for the domestic nuclear energy industry.
Loan Guarantees

Funding for DOE's loan guarantee program remains consistent in this budget
request, with $18.5 billion authority. Last year DOE finalized the first nuclear
energy-specific loan guarantee of  $6.5 billion to Southern Co. and its partners
to help finance the construction of two new reactors at the Plant Vogtle site in
Georgia.

Loan guarantees are not an actual appropriation and, therefore, do not represent
an outlay of taxpayer dollars when the projects they support are successfully
completed. The guarantees aim to boost investor confidence and allow worthy
projects to obtain financing on more reasonable terms that ultimately will lower
the cost of electricity generated by the projects. For nuclear power projects,
recipients must pay a substantial origination fee, negotiations over which
delayed final approval for the Southern Co. loan guarantee.

The accompanying chart shows DOE's budget numbers in categories relevant to the
nuclear energy industry. It will appear in Nuclear Energy Overview periodically,
revised to follow the federal appropriations process through the year.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              339 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 4, 1981, Friday, Late City Final Edition

AILING STEEL PLANT RECOVERS

BYLINE: By AGIS SALPUKAS

SECTION: Section D; Page 1, Column 3; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 1651 words

DATELINE: MONESSEN, Pa.


For John Durkin, a longtime steel executive, it has meant 12-hour days in a new
career, when all he had in prospect was the hope of early retirement. For James
A. Sepesky, the Mayor of this city, it has meant adding to services rather than
dealing with a fiscal crisis.

These two men, as well as 13,000 other residents in this community, which lies
30 miles south of Pittsburgh along the Monongahela River, have been involved in
a joint effort of Government and industry the likes of which the steel industry
may never see again.

The project - the addition of a new rail mill at an old steel plant to make it
more competitive - was made possible by Government loan guarantees, most of
which came from a Federal agency that the Reagan Administration is moving to
phase out.

To the Wheeling-Pittsburgh Steel Corporation, the plant's owner, as well as to
union leaders and state officials, the project represents a model of a how
Government cooperation with private enterprise can revitalize ailing plants.

Competitors Critical

Some other steel companies, however, such as United States Steel, Bethlehem and
CF&I, considered the project unfair to them and challenged it in court. The
modernized plant, they say, will put their mills, built in the 1920's, at a
disadvantage.

The Wheeling-Pittsburgh plant, begun at the turn of the century, employs about
2,000 workers and has long been the keystone of the local economy. Four years
ago, the company, which was suffering heavy losses because of the industry's
depressed order rate, considered closing the plant.

The city and the workers faced the shock of a major shutdown that has struc k su
ch steel cities as Youngstown, Ohio; Johnstown, Pa., and Lackawann a, N.Y.

But Dennis J. Carney, who took over in 1976 as president of Wheeling-Pittsburgh,
the nation's ninth-largest steel company, began a major effort to save the plant
by enlisting the help of politicians, union and community leaders and Federal
agencies.

Loan Guarantees Set Up

Under a Carter Administration program granting $500 million in loan guarantees
to help the steel industry, Wheeling-Pittsburgh was able to put together a plan
to revitalize the plant.

Management received $100 million in loan guarantees from the Economic
Development Administration and another $40 million from the Farmers Home
Administration, and a $10 million loan from the Pennsylvania Industrial
Development Authority. The money was used to build a rail mill at the plant and
to help bring it into compliance with pollution standards.

The loan guarantees were the largest made under the steel program and were a
major example of President Carter's efforts to help revitalize obsolescent
industrial areas.

The program, however, was cut back severely in the last year of the Carter
Administration, which became concerned that the Federal Government would be
drawn into providing still larger loan guarantees to save other major
industries.

U.S. Program Reduced

President Reagan sought to dismantle the Economic Development Administration. It
has survived in much smaller form under the budget reconciliation bill, with the
authority to provide up to $163 million in loan guarantees. And the maximum
amounts to be granted to any company are now in the range of $1 million to $2
million.

Last week Mr. Durkin, the 47-year-old manager of Wheeling-Pittsburgh's new mill,
was preparing to bring the mill's computerized equipment to full production by
next month.

''This is the most advanced mill in the world,'' Mr. Durkin said as he stood on
a catwalk in the white building and watched a red-hot 78-foot rail go through
the final rolling.

The mill, which was built under the technical supervison of Japan's Nippon Steel
Corporation, uses rolling equipment from Kawasaki Heavy Industries and obtained
additional technology from France.

When the mill reaches its full production o f 400,000 tons a year and employs
about 300 workers, it is expected to provide the plant with a new and
competitive rail product. The older finishing mills were phased out in the
1960's and the plant h as been shipping steel blooms and slabs to other steel
works for fin ishing.

It is hoped that the new finishing mill will secure the jobs of the 2,000
workers who make iron and steel in the blackened blast furnaces and basic oxygen
furnaces, some of which date back to before World War II.

The success of the rail mill, he said, depended on whether customers became
convinced that it could turn out a high-quality product, particularly in the
longer 78-foot rails that most railroads need for the high-speed trains being
developed.

Plant Still Has Problems

In an interview in the company's headquarters, Mr. Carney, who joined the
company in 1974 and became chairman in 1978, stressed that Wheeling-Pittsburgh
and the mill still faced major problems.

Without the new rail mill, he said, there was no doubt that the entire plant
would have been closed by now. ''You have to take the risk,'' he said, referring
to the company's modernization effort.

He said that his company and most other steel producers were still at a
disadvantage in relation to steelmakers in Japan and South Korea as far as
obtaining capital was concerned.

He estimated that Wheeling-Pittsburgh would need to spend from $400 million to
$600 million in the next 10 years to further upgrade its plants.

The company last June announced that it would install two continuous casters -
which cast molten steel into slabs for finishing - at a cost of $140 million,
one at its Monessen plant and the other at its major steelmaking plant in
Steubenville, Ohio.

While financing for the casters has been obtained, the company nonetheless
continues to have difficulty in raising necessary capital, he said.

Larger U.S. Effort Asked

From his viewpoint an even larger Federal effort was needed.  ''You can't win
the game with free enterprise anymore,'' he said, adding that t he industry
could not hope to stay competitive without help from the Government.

With the Reagan Administration going in the opposite direction, he said, his
main hope was to find a cash-rich company that would take over
Wheeling-Pittsburgh and help it get the money needed for modernization.

As far as the workers and townspeople are concerned, there is a feeling that
there is a good chance for success.  In a walk down Schoonmaker Avenue, one of
the city 's main streets, a visitor can still see scenes reminiscent of Edward
Hopper's paintings. Victorian and frame houses on small lots are hemmed in by
telephone poles and power lines. Old men and women sit silently in windows and
on the steps of red brick apartment buildings.

Monessen has been losing population. From l8,000 people in 1960, the city has
shrunk to 13,000. This has partly been the result of the phasing out of the
finishing mills and the cutback of operations by such other employers as
American Chain and Cable.

''Things have just turned around,'' said Mayor Sepesky, who took office in 1977,
at the height of the uncertainty.  He noted that several years ago stores were
closing along Donner Avenue, the older shopping area whose backdrop is the blast
furnaces and basic oxygen furnaces of the plant. In the past, fumes and
pollution spewed down on the street from the plant.

Part of the revitalization of the mill included an agreement reached with
Federal and state regulatory agencies to bring the plant into compliance with
air and water standards.

John Croussouloudis, the owner of the Keystone bakery, said there had been a
major improvement in the air. The addition of the rail mill, he added, has had
an encouraging effect on business owners, some of whom have opened new stores in
the abandoned storefronts.

''You need some kind of incentive''' he said of the Federal effort in building
the rail mill. ''Without the E.D.A. help,'' he said, ''we'd be another town you
could write about like towns were 50 years ago. We'd be just another dirty steel
town.''

Wheeling Seeks a Merger

Dennis J. Carney, the chairman of the Wheeling-Pittsburgh Steel Corporation,
said in an interview that he had talked to Japanese and Korean steel producers
about the possibility of taking over his company, but that none had shown
interest.

M r. Carney said the Japanese response had b een, ''We don't need youto come
in'' to the American market. He added that the trigger price mechanism was not a
strong enough protectioni st measure to worry the Japanese. Under the trigger
mechanism foreign producers cannot sell steel in the United States below certain
pric es without risking an investigation by the Treasury Department.

Mr. Carney said that if the United States established more severe protectionist
measures some of the Japanese producers ''would come down on their knees pretty
quickly'' and seek a merger.

He said that the company had hired Lehman Brothers two years ago to seek a
partner but that it had been unable to find one. To save money, Mr. Carney said,
the steel producer no longer retains Lehman, but has pursued the merger effort
itself.

Although he has talked to some domestic companies, he said, he would prefer to
merge with one of the low-cost Japanese or Korean steel producers to gain access
to their technology and low-cost steel products.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: Map shows site of Wheeling-Pittsburgh's new plant Photo
of Wheeling executive John Durkin

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              340 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      April 15, 1991, Monday, City Edition

Playing hardball to lure spring training

BYLINE: KEN MORITSUGU; VICTORIA WHITE

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1320 words

DATELINE: INVERNESS



For years, spring training was a low-budget affair played in old wooden stadiums
with splinter-filled seats.

    Those days are fading fast. Spurred in large part by developers, city and
county governments are building multimillion-dollar stadiums to lure teams to
their communities.

    Spring training has become big business. Teams want more than a place to
play ball. They want state-of-the-art stadiums and a larger share of the
revenues to help offset what remains a money-losing venture for them.

    Local governments face difficult decisions on how much they are willing to
spend for the entertainment and economic benefit that spring training only
promises to deliver.

    "Spring training in the past was exactly that," said John Wendel, a Lakeland
sports lawyer. The only purpose was "getting the players ready for the season.
But today, the spring training games have taken on a life of their own."

    So have the related lease negotiations. A case in point is Citrus County's
hot-and-cold relationship with the Cleveland Indians in its ongoing effort to
lure the team here.

    Here is a look at some of the negotiating points.
 Guarantees "wishful thinking'


   Both sides are looking for what appear to be unprecedented economic
guarantees in the lease.

    Citrus County wants assurance that it won't have to dip into property tax
revenue to cover the stadium's operating expenses.

    The Indians want at least 5,000 fans to attend each game. While
minimum-attendance guarantees have been part of regular season deals, sports
lawyers said they never have heard of one in a spring training lease.

    "I think that's wishful thinking" by the Indians, said Don Miers, manager of
Osceola County's stadium in Kissimmee, where the Houston Astros train. "I don't
see how you can ever do that."

    The Indians initially wanted the county to guarantee that the team would
receive at least the dollar equivalent generated by 5,000 fans a game.

    When the county commissioners balked, the Indians' representative suggested
that the private sector could make that guarantee. That has happened in some
packages offered to sports teams for the regular season, lawyers said.

    In Phoenix, the business community formed a non-profit corporation that made
an attendance guarantee to help lure the former St. Louis Cardinals football
team to that city, said Rick Hillhouse, a sports attorney who represented
Arizona State University, where the Cardinals play.

    "It simply comes down to reaching out into the community and saying how
badly do you want these people to come here," said Joe Garagiola Jr., a Phoenix
sports lawyer and chairman of the Arizona baseball commission. "You as the
business community stand to benefit from the team being in the community, but
you're going to have to put your money where your mouth is."

 Dipping into the coffers


   Citrus County's demand that its property taxes remain untouched may derive
from the experience of other spring training hosts.  Several local governments
said they routinely use property tax or tourist tax revenues to help pay
operating costs.

    Plant City dips into its general fund each year to make up a deficit of $
35,000 to $ 70,000 at the Cincinnati Reds spring training facility, according to
city manager Nettie Draughon.

    Sarasota expects to pull $ 167,000 out of its general fund this year to help
pay the $ 400,000 operating costs of the Chicago White Sox stadium, said Pat
Calhoon, sports facilities manager for the city.

    Osceola County makes up a $ 500,000 annual shortfall with tourist tax
revenue, Miers said.

    "We lose money on paper, however it's no big deal when you're pumping $
15-million (annually) into the local economy," he said.  Also, Miers noted, the
county is providing entertainment to residents.

    For Dunedin, baseball is not a money-loser. Unlike many other spring
training deals, the team the Toronto Blue Jays pays the cost of maintaining the
facilities.

    The city also had an advantage in owning an existing Florida State League
stadium. The facility had to be upgraded at a cost of more than $ 2-million, but
that's much less than building even a low-end stadium from scratch.

    Revenues from the games cover the city's operating expenses and the annual
payments on the construction loan.

    "Our objective was to make it self-sufficient, so we have not raised any
taxes to pay for it," City Manager John Lawrence said.

 Dividing the revenues


   The rising popularity of spring training has turned it into an attractive
revenue source for teams. With cities and counties competing to be spring
training venues, the teams have been able to extract a higher share of the
revenue as well as better facilities..

    "I think in years past, teams just didn't focus that closely on spring
training," Garagiola said. "Now they're saying, well, shoot, if we get 100,000
people going through here, the whole gross on this thing's going to jump up over
a million dollars, and if there's that kind of money being generated around
here, maybe we ought to take some of it when we leave."

    The revenue sources include ticket sales, scoreboard and outfield fence
advertising, food and drink sales, souvenir and program sales  and media
broadcast rights.

    Sometimes, the city or county is allowed to put a surcharge on the ticket
price to raise more revenue.

    About the only thing that's decided is broadcast rights: The teams always
seem to get all the media money. The division of the remaining revenues varies
considerably from lease to lease.

    In some leases, the local governments don't rely solely on stadium revenues
for funds. Instead, the team pays a flat rent and turns over a percentage of the
revenues on top of that. The Minnesota Twins, for example, will pay Lee County $
200,000 this year.

    A flat rent is less risky than a revenue percentage. If several games are
rained out or canceled by a strike, governments relying on a share of the
revenues will get less money.

    Because of last year's baseball strike, Dunedin had to borrow money from a
self-insurance fund to cover its stadium loan payments, Lawrence said. Lee
County uses the Twins annual payment to help pay off its $ 15.6-million stadium.


    "We wanted a guaranteed thing," said Jim Lavender, director of the county
planning and construction division. "Even if there's no spring training, they
pay."

 Getting the ball rolling


   In Citrus County's negotiations, the Indians drew up the first draft of the
lease. That may have saved the county some attorneys' fees, but it left the
commission with a proposal it was unhappy with.

  "To take the upper hand, I would have asked you for $ 40,000 or $ 50,000" for
fees, Assistant County Administrator Steve Wylie told commissioners Tuesday. "We
can throw the document away and pay (sports attorney) Mr. (David) Cardwell to
write a new one, (but) that's very expensive."

    Instead, the commissioners opted to have Cardwell respond. In a letter to
the Indians representative last week, he raised numerous objections to the
proposed lease.

    In Dunedin, the city drew up the initial draft, but many of its proposals
ended up on the cutting-room floor after negotiations, Lawrence said.

    Somebody always has to start the ball rolling by writing a draft, Garagiola
said. "It's who wants to start the clock running on their lawyer first."

    He and Hillhouse praised the Indians' setting the tone of the negotiations
by taking the initiative.

    "The first document that gets put into play is pretty much the core of what
you end up with," Garagiola said.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: HERNANDO TIMES

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE CHART; Comparison of leases for pro baseball teams who
conduct spring training in Florida

                            Times Publishing Company


                              341 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                Orange City Iowa

                              125 Central Ave. SE
                             Orange City,  IA 51041
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (712) 707-4510
FAX: (712) 707-4523
URL: www.orangecityiowa.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 35

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   We are committed to helping improve the economy and quality of life in rural
America. Through our programs, we touch rural America in many ways.  Our
financial programs support such essential public facilities and services as
water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency service facilities
and electric and telephone service. We promote economic development by
supporting loans to businesses through banks , credit unions and community
-managed lending pools. We offer technical assistance and information to help
agricultural producers and cooperatives get started and improve the
effectiveness of their operations. We provide technical assistance to help
communities undertake community empowerment programs.  USDA Rural Development
has a $155 billion portfolio of loans and will administer $20 billion in loans,
loan guarantees and grants through our programs in the current fiscal year. We
achieve our mission by helping rural individuals, communities and businesses
obtain the financial and technical assistance needed to address their diverse
and unique needs.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 7,000,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              342 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                January 30, 2017

                    SALTBURN COMMUNITY AND ARTS ASSOCIATION

                           SALTBURN COMMUNITY CENTRE
                                 ALBION TERRACE
                              SALTBURN BY THE SEA
                          SALTBURN-BY-THE-SEA TS12 1JW


TRADE ADDRESS: Community Centre Albion Terrace, SALTBURN-BY-THE-SEA TS12 1JW

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01287624997
URL: www.saltburnarts.co.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 05719152

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: February 23, 2006
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Richard Drexal Parker, Retired
     ·    Philip Gordon Thomson, Financial Adviser
     ·    Mr Leslie Manship, Retired
     ·    Mrs Ann Brignal, Retired
     ·    Mr John Anthony Smith, Retired
     ·    M/s Maureen Payne, Retired
     ·    Mr John Taylor, Retired
     ·    Mrs Drisc Angela Wardle, Graphic Designer
     ·    Mr Kenneth Leslie Bladen, Not Known
     ·    Mr Trevor Wardle, Graphic Designer
     ·    Mr Shaun Francis Cook, Counsellor
     ·    Ms Katherine Ann Sainsbury, Manager


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Operation of arts facilities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
90040
94990
93290

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Total Exemption Full
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  May 25, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  January 27, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  15,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                           376       441       525
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                           2,768    12,568    12,305
Miscellaneous Current Assets                   3,347     1,653     2,630
Other Current Assets                           6,115    14,221    14,935
Total Current Assets                           6,491    14,662    15,460
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                   6,491    14,662    15,460



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                      4,875     7,890    31,385
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  0         0         0
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          0         0         0
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                      4,875     7,890    31,385
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                              4,875     7,890    31,385
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                  1,616     6,772    -15925
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                              1,616     6,772    -15925
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                     1,616     6,772    -15925


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales           70,693   142,487   106,096
Cost of Sales              0         0         0
Gross Profit          70,693   142,487   106,096
Operating Profit       -5156    22,697    -11818
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          0         0         0
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit          -5156    22,697    -11818
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax       -5156    22,697    -11818
Dividends Payable          0         0         0
Retained Profits       -5156    22,697    -11818
Value Added           14,020    45,612    22,067
Capital Employed       1,616     6,772    -15925
Net Worth              1,616     6,772    -15925
Working Capital        1,616     6,772    -15925
Emp. Renumeration     19,176    22,915    33,885
Dir. Renumeration          0         0         0
Audit Fees                 0         0         0
Non-audit Fees         1,200     1,200     1,200
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         1         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales              -50.39 -33.37 -38.79
Pretax             -122.7 -56.37 -91.48
                        2
Total Assets       -55.73 -58.01 -76.29
Current Assets     -55.73 -58.01 -76.29
Current            -38.21 -84.47 -84.52
Liabilities
Capital Employed   -76.14 -110.1 -139.3
                               5      5
Employee Wages     -16.32 -43.41 -34.36
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 1,854 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
92320 Operation of arts facilities



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -4.23     2.14    21.82
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -4.9      .44    11.92
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -5.42      .52     9.73
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              46.15      125   285.37
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       10.69      1.5        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                     .5     1.03      2.1
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            16,419.7 23,251.5 36,092.8
                                                          3        8        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,000 17,116.2   23,000
                                                                   8
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  34,803.1   54,000 79,673.1
                                                          3                 2
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  41.08    32.32    22.28



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  70
=
Year -1   5
=
Year -2  92
=
Year -3  10
=         0

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)             -319.06    335.16     74.21
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                        -79.43     154.8    -76.44
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)           -319.06    335.16     74.21
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                          -7.29     15.93    -11.14
Sales / Total Assets (%)                        1,089.09    971.81    686.26
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                         2.29      4.75    -15.01
Sales / Stocks                                    188.01     323.1    202.09
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.33      1.86      0.49
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  1.25       1.8      0.48
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.25      0.46     -1.03
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                       12.97     17.89     59.78
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -    22,915         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                  27.13     16.08     31.94
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -    22,697         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -   142,487         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -     6,772         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -    14,662         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                   -36.78     49.76    -53.56
Value Added / Sales (%)                            19.83     32.01      20.8
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -    45,612         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                 0.73      1.99      0.65
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 1,616

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Draycott & Kirk

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2017


                              343 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Norwalk Reflector, Ohio

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 19, 2014 Wednesday

Report: USDA rural development initiatives created 75,000 Jobs in 2013

BYLINE: Norwalk Reflector, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1192 words


March 19--Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack has issued a report highlighting the
impact of more than $33 billion in USDA investments to support rural businesses,
infrastructure and housing in 2013.

"This report tells the story of how USDA support has made a tremendous
difference in the lives of rural Americans," said Vilsack. "Our investments help
create jobs and opportunity for rural residents, provide affordable housing,
support modern infrastructure, and build essential community facilities. I am
proud of the role that USDA has played to grow rural economies and help make
rural America a place of opportunity, innovation and economic growth."

USDA Rural Development's $193 billion portfolio is making lasting investments in
rural communities. The report highlights several initiatives that are helping to
address persistent rural poverty, expand health care for Mississippi Delta
residents, and develop stronger partnerships between government, private-sector
and community-based organizations.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, USDA business programs have
provided more than 18,000 guaranteed loans, direct loans and grants to help more
than 74,000 businesses create or save more than 375,000 jobs. USDA is
increasingly becoming the lender of choice for many Native American tribes
throughout the country.

USDA programs support research into new energy sources and help protect the
environment. During the two last quarters of fiscal year 2013, USDA made
payments to operators of 56 anaerobic digesters that produced almost 173 million
kilowatt hours of electricity -- enough to power more than 17,000 homes
annually.

For example, Clover Hill Dairy in Campbellsport, Wis., received a $6,200 payment
through the Advanced Biofuel Payment Program to operate its anaerobic digester,
which was commissioned 2007. The digester produces 2.7 million kilowatt hours
(kWh) of energy per year. The dairy's herd provides the manure to produce
biogas, which fuels the generators that produce electricity. The excess
electricity is purchased by a local utility and delivered to customers.

USDA broadband infrastructure loans awarded in FY 2013 will result in new or
upgraded broadband service for about 120,000 rural households, businesses and
community institutions once the projects are completed. The Department also
continued to make great strides to bring distance learning and telemedicine
infrastructure to rural areas. In 2013, one-third of USDA's distance learning
grants went to rural areas where the minority population is 30 percent or
higher. Another third went to areas were poverty rates have been consistently
high over long periods. All of the awards went to rural areas where residents
lacked access to medical services.

Rural Development is a key player in the recovery of the nation's housing
market, particularly in rural areas. For many realtors, USDA Rural Development
loans account for most of their business. In 2013, nearly 163,000 rural families
became homeowners through loans from private lenders that were guaranteed by
USDA, and more than 7,000 families bought homes through direct loans from USDA.

USDA's homeownership program is complemented by assistance that helps rural
residents find affordable rental housing. Tenants pay no more than 30 percent of
their income on rent for decent, safe housing. Last year, USDA provided rental
assistance to nearly 280,000 rural residents. Including the residents who get
rental assistance, more than half a million rural Americans live in rental
housing financed or directly supported by USDA.

USDA's Rural Housing Service invested in more than 1,000 essential community
infrastructure projects with $1.4 billion in direct loans, guaranteed loans and
grants in Fiscal Year 2013.

In other areas, the report indicates that USDA's Rural Utilities Service helped
meet the power needs of 8.7 million rural customers last year by providing
nearly $5 billion in loans to electric utilities. These loans helped build and
expand transmission and distribution systems. During fiscal year 2013, USDA
helped bring new and improved electric infrastructure to more than 80,000 Native
Americans and Alaska Natives and invested a record amount -- $275 million -- on
infrastructure projects benefitting them.

One of the many examples of how USDA investments are helping rural businesses
and communities is the bio-based startup company Laurel Biocomposites, LLC, in
Laurel, Neb. USDA partnered with Security Bank in Laurel to provide a $5 million
loan guarantee that helped Laurel Biocomposites buy equipment and provide
working capital for its first year of operation. Today, the company is operating
one production line and is expected to begin full-scale production later this
year. When full-scale production begins, the company plans to double its work
force from seven currently to 13 to 15 workers on the plant floor.

The Wisconsin Food Hub Cooperative in Madison, Wis., is using a $150,000 USDA
Value Added Producer Grant to help start a regional fresh produce food hub and
packinghouse to improve producers' access to local wholesale markets. The hub
will create private-sector jobs and aggregate local produce sold under the
"Wisconsin Farmed" brand.

Eleven families in Reedley, Calif., became homeowners in 2013 after moving into
houses they jointly built through USDA's Mutual Self-Help Housing program. The
group worked with oversight from Self-Help Enterprises, a pioneer in the "Sweat
Equity" concept of homebuilding.

For additional information on Rural Development projects, visit Rural
Development's new interactive web map featuring program funding and success
stories for the past four fiscal years. The data can be found HERE.

To view the entire report, click on the link at the end of this story.

Here are Ohio's numbers:

Program FY 2009 -- 2013-- --   TOTALS   NUMBER OF  PROJECTS

Business and Industry Guarantee -- $235,771,307  86

Intermediary Relending Program  -- $2,709,000   6

Renewable Energy Loans and Grants  -- $51,573,032   335

Rural Business Enterprise Grants  -- $5,846,702    51

Rural Economic Development Loans and Grants  -- $300,000   1

Value-Added Producer Grants  -- $954,288    10

Single Family Housing Direct Loans  -- $189,214,526    1,740

Single Family Housing Guaranteed Loans  -- $2,287,713,125    21,919

Home Repair Loans and Grants  -- $7,266,854   1,501

Self-Help Housing Technical Assistance Grants  -- $1,361,030   3

Multi-Family Housing Direct Loans  -- $29,103,632    51

Multi-Family Housing Guaranteed Loans  -- $16,379,295    17

Rental Assistance  -- $105,509,916    1,330

Community Facility Direct Loans  -- $72,830,125    73

Community Facility Guaranteed Loans  -- $16,900,500   8

Community Facility Grants  -- $3,751,445   80

Water and Waste Direct Loans  -- $141,328,000    65

Water and Waste Guaranteed Loans  -- $11,000,000   2

Water and Waste Grants  -- $97,347,246   66

Telecommunications Loans and Grants (DLT)  -- $45,394,228   31

Electric Loans  -- $333,869,000   20

TOTAL  -- $3,656,123,251   27,395

___ (c)2014 the Norwalk Reflector (Norwalk, Ohio) Visit the Norwalk Reflector
(Norwalk, Ohio) at www.norwalkreflector.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140319-1NW-Report-USDA-rural-development-initiatives-created-75,000-Jobs-in-20
13-0319-20140319

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1NW


                     Copyright 2014 Norwalk Reflector, Ohio


                              344 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                  February 21, 2004 Saturday Mishawaka Edition

Panel clears Studebaker bill;
Measure improves South Bend's chances for loan

BYLINE: By MARTIN DeAGOSTINO; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: NATION; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 335 words


INDIANAPOLIS -- A do-si-do by a House committee has advanced South Bend's
efforts to secure a federal loan for Studebaker corridor improvements.

"It's gone from a setback to a step forward," said Andy Laurent, an economic
development specialist for the city.

In a unanimous vote Thursday, the Ways and Means Committee authorized a $10
million state loan guarantee the city needs to seek the federal loan. The state
will back the loan through its Public Deposit Insurance Fund, a $295 million
account that insures the value of government funds deposited with banks, thrifts
and credit unions.

The guarantee has significant strings attached. The city must show sufficient
resources to pay the loan in case of default, essentially holding the state
harmless for any losses.

On Wednesday, the committee chairman yanked the loan guarantee from
consideration, but said the full House could entertain it at a later date. But
he approved a committee vote on Thursday, with modifications that limit the
state's exposure to loan defaults.

As amended, the bill limits the number and value of loan guarantees that might
be sought for community revitalization enhancement districts.

The limit is one guarantee per district, up to $10 million in value.

One such district encompasses the Studebaker/Oliver project area, which the city
wants to redevelop as a light industrial park. Some progress has been made, but
the next step will be massive and costly: demolishing 1.5 million square feet of
antiquated factory buildings south of Sample Street.

That's where the federal loan comes in, Laurent said, to pay for demolition,
environmental cleanup and capital improvements.

State action won't cinch a loan of that size, which Laurent said is usually
reserved for much larger cities. But the guarantee will improve the city's
chances, assuming it passes the full House and Senate.

A House vote is expected next week.

Staff writer Martin DeAgostino:

mdeagostino@sbtinfo.com

(317) 634-1707


LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2004 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              345 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                             June 2, 2010 Wednesday

Finance Ministry proposes soft loans for telcos from USO Fund

BYLINE: Joji Thomas Philip

SECTION: TELECOM

LENGTH: 479 words


NEW DELHI: India's mobile operators may soon have access to soft loans for their
rural forays, a move that will improve the country's poor record of telecoms
penetration outside the metros, towns and cities.

The finance ministry has asked the telecoms department to explore feasibility of
giving telcos low cost loans from the Universal Service Obligation Fund (USOF)
for their rural communication projects. All telecom operators have been paying
5% of their annual revenues towards this fund, which was established in 2002 to
support rural telephony. It is estimated that the unutilized amount in this USOF
kitty is over Rs 25,000 crore as of March-end 2010.

The fin min has proposed that Department of Telecom (DoT) examine two options -
the Telecommunication Loan and Guarantee of Rural Utility Services of USA or the
US Department of Agriculture's Rural Broadband Programme. It has also added that
the DoT can work with IIM (A) to develop a similar model that can be implemented
for Indian operators.

The Telecommunication Loan and Guarantee of Rural Utility Services runs a $2.5
billion Broadband Initiatives Program (BIP) and is designed to encourage the
availability of telecommunication services in rural or under-served areas. The
loans cover the costs of constructing, improving and acquiring facilities to
provide broadband service to rural communities.

The American government carries out a rigorous technical acceptance process to
ensure that all products and technologies are qualified to receive the funding.
Similarly, the US Agriculture Department's rural broadband programme provides
loans to fund projects such as distance learning to bring electronic educational
resources to rural schools, and telemedicine, to improve health care delivery in
rural America.

The finance ministry too has pointed out that these soft loans can be disbursed
for rural connectivity projects, especially those related to wiring up schools,
colleges, health centres and hospitals. It is also of the view that this could
lead to a slew of public private partnerships in rural India to provide services
such as tele-medicine, e-learning, SME training amongst others.

Additionally, the fin min has also told DoT that a structure as that of the US
can encourage telecom operators to provide innovative wired broadband services
in rural India. For instance, it has pointed out that subsidies may get telcos
to work with cable operators and use the latter's infrastructure for providing
broadband services. "Encouraging a multiplicity of players and alternative
wireline technologies in every service area would generate the competitive
pressures needed to ensure service quality, customer orientation, innovative
marketing and pricing, which are essential to precipitate development of the
rural broadband market..." the fin min's communication added.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              346 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The News Herald (Panama City, Florida)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 23, 2011 Saturday

EASTERN SHIPBUILDING GROUP

BYLINE: Chris Segal, The News Herald, Panama City, Fla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 640 words


April 23--CALLAWAY -- On the far east side of Bay County, hundreds of workers
produce vessels that have attracted the attention of international buyers and
the support of Washington.

The head of the U.S. Maritime Administration signed a $241 million federal loan
guarantee Friday that will allow Eastern Shipbuilding Group to build five
platform supply vessels, a contract projected to create 300 new local jobs.

A group of elected officials and community leaders were at the shipyard in the
community of Allanton to commemorate the issuance of a commitment letter from
the U.S. Maritime Administration to Eastern Shipbuilding's customer Boldini S.A.
with a loan guarantee for 82.5 percent funding of a $241 million project to
create five new platform supply vessels in Bay County for export to Brazil.

"They are impressive vessels," said U.S. Maritime Administrator David Matsuda.
"We got to see a near finished vessel and, most importantly, people working out
here. I think today's signing is a sign that we are putting Northwest Florida to
work, and I think that is extremely important."

Matsuda said the loan guarantee puts the credit of the United States government
behind the company to help it secure the loan, which would otherwise be
unfeasible to get on the open credit market.

"This is a big deal for us, our employees and for our county and country," said
Brian D'Isernia, president of Eastern Shipbuilding Group.

Getting the guarantee was a twoyear project. Normally a loan guarantee is not
used for a foreign loan even though the money was coming in to an American
shipbuilding company, said Sen. Bill Nelson.

"We are here about 300 jobs," Nelson said. "(Eastern Shipbuilding) is at
employment around 700, and this will take them up to about 1,000. As we are
coming out of the recession, that is a great thing to celebrate, but there's a
lot more to celebrate. So much of shipbuilding has gone offshore; this is a
homegrown company that keeps it in America."

The 300 jobs created at the shipyard to fulfill this order are expected to have
a multiplier effect that could add as many as 1,500 ancillary jobs to the Bay
County economy. The jobs are expected to last for a period of three and a half
years. Eastern Shipbuilding Group has built eight platform supply vessels since
2003.

"Only just a few months into my new job, I was given an opportunity to fight for
jobs," said U.S. Rep. Steve Southerland, R-Panama City. "This morning I'd like
to credit Brian D'Isernia and the hard-working men and women of Eastern
Shipbuilding. If they could not produce a product that was desired around the
world, no one would be here today."

After the pre-engineering work for the five vessels, within six months, there
will be a ramp-up to start hiring workers, D'Isernia said.

The 282-foot-long supply ships will transport workers, supplies, parts and
chemicals to offshore oil rigs and will serve as rescue and emergency response
vessels with salvage, firefighting and medical facilities.

The Maritime Administration currently guarantees approximately $2.2 billion in
U.S. shipyard projects, including the construction of tugs, barges, dive support
vessels, drill rigs, ferries, tankers and offshore supply vessels.

"President Obama has suggested and is focusing our government on exports and the
opportunities they provide," Matsuda said. "This is certainly evidence that we
can be competitive in the world markets and that the federal government will be
there to help support every one of those opportunities."

To see more of The News Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.newsherald.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The News Herald, Panama City,
Fla. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110423-PY-EASTERN-SHIPBUILDING-GROUP-0423-20110423

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PY


                         Copyright 2011 The News Herald


                              347 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                            October 14, 2011 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

In your community

BYLINE:

SECTION: LOCAL & BUSINESS; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 877 words


WELLINGTON

Health fair at Whole Foods

The village and the Medical Committee of the Wellington Chamber of Commerce will
sponsor a health fair and wellness expo from 9 a.m. to noon Saturday at Whole
Foods, 2635 State Road 7. The free event will feature a variety of
demonstrations and offer health screenings and healthy food. For information,
call the chamber at (561) 792-6525.

-- Mitra Malek

north palm beach

Village keeps elections in March

Village elections won't be moved from March 13 to Jan. 31 to coincide with the
state's presidential preference primary. The council Thursday voted unanimously
on first reading to oppose a proposed ordinance allowing it to change the date
of the municipal election, which traditionally is held on the second Tuesday in
March. Council members expressed concern that a shortened qualifying period
would be harmful to potential candidates.

-- Jodie Wagner

Safety fair on Saturday

The village will host its annual Fire Rescue Safety Fair on Saturday from 11
a.m. to 2 p.m. at fire rescue headquarters, 560 U.S. 1. The free event includes
firefighter demonstrations, police vehicle displays, facility tours,
fingerprinting, a search and rescue maze, bounce house, raffles, prizes and food
vendors. For information, visit www.village-npb.org.

-- Jodie Wagner

jupiter

Council OKs loan guarantee

The council gave final approval Tuesday for the town to guarantee a $300,000
loan to New Zealand-based Endeavour Strategic Investments Florida, which is
considering a location in the Harbourside development. The guarantee comes from
a $3 million fund the town approved in 2006 to attract biotech businesses to
north county. If ESI does not pay its bank loan, Jupiter must repay the money.
Harbourside developers are using the federal EB-5 program to raise investment
money. EB-5 lets foreign nationals and their families gain U.S. citizenship in
about two years in exchange for a $500,000 investment. Vice Mayor Jim Kuretski
dissented in the 4-1 vote.

-- Bill DiPaolo

Police: Woman stole from stepdad

A 50-year-old woman was arrested Wednesday for allegedly stealing money from her
stepfather. Vicki Gail Lee of Jupiter turned herself in to police and confessed
to writing, signing and cashing 18 checks without the permission of her
79-year-old stepfather, Edward Yerks. Lee faces charges of grand theft from a
person 65 years of age or older, fraudulent use of personal identity information
and uttering a forgery. When a Jupiter detective met with Yerks on Sept. 15, he
weighed about 93 pounds, the detective noted in a probable cause affidavit.
Yerks' bank account was overdrawn by about $2,000 and someone had forged his
signature on 18 checks, the affidavit said.

-- Alexandra Seltzer

WEST PALM BEACH

Man re-convicted of murder

A jury on Thursday convicted John Henry of second-degree murder, ending his
second trial in three years for the 2007 beating death of Isaias Arroyo outside
the Walmart at Belvedere Road and Military Trail. A 2009 jury also convicted
Henry, 28, of West Palm Beach, of the same charge, but that conviction was
overturned because of incorrect jury instructions. Henry's new conviction, which
came less than three hours after jurors began deliberations, means he faces up
to life in prison. Circuit Judge Karen Miller did not immediately set a
sentencing date.

-- Daphne Duret

Student charged with carrying gun

A Palm Beach Lakes High student was arrested Thursday after he brought a handgun
and brass knuckles to school twice this week, authorities said. Mark A. James,
18, was charged with possession of a firearm on school grounds and possession of
a weapon after school police found a Taurus 9mm handgun in his book bag.
Possessing a firearm on school grounds is a third-degree felony punishable by up
to five years in prison. There were no bullets in or with the gun, a source
said. A probable cause affidavit notes that James had been a witness to an
off-campus fight on Tuesday.

-- Allison Ross

PALM BEACH GARDENS

Mirasol to host 5K run/walk

Registrations are being accepted for Saturday's 5K run/walk at Mirasol Park
starting at 7:30 a.m. Participants ages 6 and up will be divided into age groups
and divisions. Pre-registration fee is $15. Race-day registration before 7 a.m.
is $20. For information, go to pbgfl.com or call (561) 630-1100.

-- Bill DiPaolo

royal palm beach

Basketball sign-up winding down

Registration for the village's recreational basketball league will end today
online and Oct. 21 at the Royal Palm Beach Recreation Center -- or until filled.
The league is open to boys and girls in grades kindergarten through 8. For
information, call (561)790-5124. Online registration is available at the
village's website: www.royalpalmbeach.com.

-- Mitra Malek

LAKE WORTH

College holding Green Expo

Palm Beach State College will host its fourth annual Green Expo from 10 a.m. to
4 p.m. Saturday at the Education and Training Center on the suburban Lake Worth
campus. The expo is hosted by the school's Green Institute in partnership with
several local organizations and municipalities. The expo will feature free
seminars, green living workshops and information about green products and
services from more than 50 exhibitors. For more information, visit
www.greenexpo-fl.com or call (561) 868-3702.

-- Kevin D. Thompson

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Community briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              348 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                          November 26, 2008 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

The U.S.'s $8-trillion (and counting) solution

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: BUSINESS & TECHNOLOGY; Pg. D6

LENGTH: 732  words


Two new U.S. Federal Reserve programs aimed at easing consumer credit and
lowering mortgages costs have pushed the potential bill for U.S. financial
rescue efforts to about $8.317 trillion, although far less has been committed so
far and money extended might not be lost.

Following is a rundown of the total amount of known U.S. public funds that could
be put at risk -- either spent, allocated or pledged -- in Fed liquidity, loan
and purchase actions, Treasury Department financial rescue efforts, housing
support legislation and actions by other federal agencies:

- Up to about $1.8 trillion in Fed purchases of top-rated U.S. dollar commercial
paper under a facility launched in October. The Fed said it does not intend to
buy anywhere near this amount, which represents what eligible issuers could sell
-- up to $1 billion per issuer. As of Nov. 19, the Fed's holdings in this
facility were $270.88 billion.

- Up to about $1.9 trillion in new Federal Deposit Insurance Corp guarantees for
banks, including $1.4 trillion in new unsecured debt issued by banks, and $500
billion in transaction deposit accounts typically used by businesses to pay
employees and vendors.

- Up to $800 billion in Fed support for mortgage and consumer credit markets,
including purchases of up to $600 billion in debt and mortgage-backed securities
issued by government-sponsored enterprises. The Fed is also launching, with
Treasury backing, a $200-billion loan facility to support consumer credit, such
as student auto and credit card loans.

- Up to $600 billion in Fed purchases of U.S. dollar commercial paper and
certificates of deposit under a facility announced Oct. 21.

- Up to $900 billion in Fed Term Auction Facility loans was offered to meet
financial institutions' cash needs over the year-end period, including $600
billion in normal auction facilities and two $150 billion "forward" TAF auctions
conducted this month. As of Nov. 19, $415.3 billion in TAF credit was extended.

- Unlimited commitments to lend through discount window to banks and broker
dealers. Credit extended under these facilities totaled $296.82 billion as of
Nov. 19.

- $700 billion for the Treasury to buy equity stakes in financial institutions.
The Treasury allocated $250 billion of this amount to banks and thrifts and
granted another $40 billion to insurer American International Group and $20
billion to Citigroup under special rescue programs. The ultimate cost of these
programs is uncertain and the government could profit if the shares rise in
value.

- The Treasury, the FDIC and the Fed have agreed to shoulder up to $249.3
billion in losses from a Citigroup portfolio of $306 billion in risky assets.

- Unlimited temporary Fed currency swap lines with the European Central Bank,
and central banks in England, Japan and Switzerland. The Fed maintains $165
billion in swap lines with other central banks to address elevated pressures in
U.S. dollar short-term funding markets.

- Up to $50 billion from the Great Depression-era Exchange Stabilization Fund to
guarantee principal in money market mutual funds to provide the same confidence
that consumers have in federally insured bank deposits.

- At least $26.57 billion in Treasury direct purchases of mortgage-backed
securities since September. The Treasury has said it will continue to make
purchases in the months ahead.

- $200 billion to backstop Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. The Treasury will inject
up to $100 billion into each institution by purchasing preferred stock to shore
up their capital as needed.

- Up to $144 billion in additional MBS purchases by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac
since their portfolio limits were expanded when the government took them over in
September.

- AIG will get up to $152.5 billion in support from Treasury equity purchases
and loans from the Fed.

- $300 billion for the Federal Housing Administration to refinance failing
mortgages into new, reduced-principal loans with a federal guarantee, passed as
part of a broad housing rescue bill.

- $4 billion in grants to local communities to help them buy and repair homes
abandoned due to mortgage foreclosures.

- $29 billion in financing for JPMorgan Chase's government-brokered buyout of
Bear Stearns & Co. in March. The Fed agreed to take $30 billion in questionable
Bear assets as collateral, making JPMorgan liable for the first $1 billion in
losses, while agreeing to shoulder any further losses.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Max Whittaker, Reuters; Maria Arellano, centre, and others rally
in Sacramento yesterday to ask California lawmakers to stop home foreclosures
and help modify loans. The U.S. Federal Reserve threw a lifeline to consumers
yesterday with two programs to make it easier for them to get loans for homes,
cars and on credit cards. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2008 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              349 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Courier Mail (Queensland, Australia)

                             April 30, 1999, Friday

BATTLER BANKERS DEFEND OWN NEST

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: GEARING A

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 463 words


Battler bankers

defend own nest

Amanda Gearing

CROWS Nest residents have banded together to open Queensland's first community
bank branch to combat declining bank services in the town.

Facing the possibility of having no local bank, the town's tourist and progress
association determined it would somehow guarantee permanent banking facilities.

The ANZ Bank left Crows Nest, on the Darling Downs, with less than a month's
notice in 1997 and the National Australia Bank would not guarantee it would
stay.

This week, Progressive Crows Nest Limited opened a community bank branch with
locals contributing $110,000 in cash and pledges to a joint venture agreement
with Heritage Building Society.

Financial backing from business people to pensioners in the district helped
justify the hunch of Progressive Crows Nest directors that residents would give
strong support to the project.

Brisbane and Toowoomba lawyers donated their time to draw up the historic
articles of association.

Town butcher Baden Brown and saddler Howard Littleton, both descendants of
settlers in Crows Nest district last century, said the branch would give the
town the power to fight the withdrawal of services from the bush.

Mr Brown, a director of Progressive Crows Nest, said the branch would be a
blueprint for other rural towns wanting to keep their communities alive by
providing comprehensive financial services.

"This branch will provide insurance services, a health fund agency,
superannuation, business loans, rural loans and other services," he said.

"It was designed to be better than what we had before. We know what we want.
People want a manager they can sit down and talk to. Heritage is prepared to
provide one and we are prepared to pay."

Under the joint venture, Heritage Building Society has agreed to fund set-up
costs, provide staff, training, computers and office facilities, while
Progressive Crows Nest will pay staff wages and branch refurbishment costs.

Profits will be distributed by a trust between the venture partners. Progressive
Crows Nest, a non-profit organisation, will distribute profits among
contributors to the joint venture and fund community projects.

Crows Nest Shire Council supported the concept by buying the old ANZ building
and estimates returns will be better than commercial rates once the branch is
fully functioning.

Heritage general manager for retail services Paul Francis said many new accounts
had been opened in the first two days of trading at the branch and inquiries
about residential and business loans were a very positive indication of the
future success of the branch.

Mr Francis said Heritage had not withdrawn services or downgraded services in
rural areas but was expanding into towns where banks had closed.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1999 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              350 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: CONGRESSMAN SANFORD BISHOP ANNOUNCES RURAL DEVELOPMENT GRANTS

LENGTH: 443  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Sanford D. Bishop, Jr has issued the following
news release:



 Congressman Sanford D. Bishop Jr. (GA-02), is pleased to announce that the
Rural Development agency of the U.S. Department of Agriculture has approved
$14.3 million in project development grants and loans to five recipients in the
2nd Congressional District of Georgia. These recipients include the Fort Gaines
Police Department, the Ellaville Police Department, Pataula Charter Academy, the
Development Authority of Macon County, and South Georgia Technical College.





 "The grants and loans awarded by the Rural Development agency will be extremely
beneficial for the 2nd Congressional District of Georgia." said Congressman
Bishop. "These resources will be used to improve educational training, increase
the use of green technology, and replace outdated equipment."



 Pataula Charter Academy in Edison, GA, will receive a $14 million Community
Facility Direct Loan in order to build a new educational facility and
multi-purpose building. The state commissioned charter school serves Baker,
Calhoun, Clay, Early, and Randolph counties, and includes grades K through 12.



 The Development Authority of Macon County will receive a $99,000 Rural Business
Development Grant to purchase a flying saw that will be leased to Enviro
Builders, a local company focused on constructing green insulated panels for net
zero energy housing.



 The City of Fort Gaines will receive an Economic Impact Initiative Grant of
$50,000 and a Community Facility Loan of $26,800 in order to purchase two new
police vehicles for use by the Fort Gaines Police Department. Similarly, the
City of Ellaville was awarded a grant of $29,500 and a loan totaling $9,900
under the Community Facility Loan and Grant Program to purchase a new fully
equipped patrol vehicle.



 South Georgia Technical College in Sumter County, GA will receive a Rural
Business Development Grant totaling $99,000 to upgrade the college's truck
driving simulator. Students enrolled in the Commercial Truck Driving Program
will benefit from the updated tractor trailers and cabs.



 All five recipients received these grants from the U.S Department of
Agriculture's Rural Development agency, which provides both technical assistance
and loans, grants, and loan guarantees to support essential services in rural
America. This support is used to help communities with housing, economic
development, health care, first responder services and equipment, as well as
water, electric, and communications infrastructure.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              351 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: CONGRESSMAN SANFORD BISHOP ANNOUNCES RURAL DEVELOPMENT GRANTS

LENGTH: 443  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Sanford D. Bishop, Jr has issued the following
news release:



 Congressman Sanford D. Bishop Jr. (GA-02), is pleased to announce that the
Rural Development agency of the U.S. Department of Agriculture has approved
$14.3 million in project development grants and loans to five recipients in the
2nd Congressional District of Georgia. These recipients include the Fort Gaines
Police Department, the Ellaville Police Department, Pataula Charter Academy, the
Development Authority of Macon County, and South Georgia Technical College.





 "The grants and loans awarded by the Rural Development agency will be extremely
beneficial for the 2nd Congressional District of Georgia." said Congressman
Bishop. "These resources will be used to improve educational training, increase
the use of green technology, and replace outdated equipment."



 Pataula Charter Academy in Edison, GA, will receive a $14 million Community
Facility Direct Loan in order to build a new educational facility and
multi-purpose building. The state commissioned charter school serves Baker,
Calhoun, Clay, Early, and Randolph counties, and includes grades K through 12.



 The Development Authority of Macon County will receive a $99,000 Rural Business
Development Grant to purchase a flying saw that will be leased to Enviro
Builders, a local company focused on constructing green insulated panels for net
zero energy housing.



 The City of Fort Gaines will receive an Economic Impact Initiative Grant of
$50,000 and a Community Facility Loan of $26,800 in order to purchase two new
police vehicles for use by the Fort Gaines Police Department. Similarly, the
City of Ellaville was awarded a grant of $29,500 and a loan totaling $9,900
under the Community Facility Loan and Grant Program to purchase a new fully
equipped patrol vehicle.



 South Georgia Technical College in Sumter County, GA will receive a Rural
Business Development Grant totaling $99,000 to upgrade the college's truck
driving simulator. Students enrolled in the Commercial Truck Driving Program
will benefit from the updated tractor trailers and cabs.



 All five recipients received these grants from the U.S Department of
Agriculture's Rural Development agency, which provides both technical assistance
and loans, grants, and loan guarantees to support essential services in rural
America. This support is used to help communities with housing, economic
development, health care, first responder services and equipment, as well as
water, electric, and communications infrastructure.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              352 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                  February 21, 2004 Saturday Marshall Edition

House panel clears way for Studebaker bill;
Measure improves South Bend's chances for loan.

BYLINE: By MARTIN DeAGOSTINO; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: NATION; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 335 words


INDIANAPOLIS -- A do-si-do by a House committee has advanced South Bend's
efforts to secure a federal loan for Studebaker corridor improvements.

"It's gone from a setback to a step forward," said Andy Laurent, an economic
development specialist for the city.

In a unanimous vote Thursday, the Ways and Means Committee authorized a $10
million state loan guarantee the city needs to seek the federal loan. The state
will back the loan through its Public Deposit Insurance Fund, a $295 million
account that insures the value of government funds deposited with banks, thrifts
and credit unions.

The guarantee has significant strings attached. The city must show sufficient
resources to pay the loan in case of default, essentially holding the state
harmless for any losses.

On Wednesday, the committee chairman yanked the loan guarantee from
consideration, but said the full House could entertain it at a later date. But
he approved a committee vote on Thursday, with modifications that limit the
state's exposure to loan defaults.

As amended, the bill limits the number and value of loan guarantees that might
be sought for community revitalization enhancement districts.

The limit is one guarantee per district, up to $10 million in value.

One such district encompasses the Studebaker/Oliver project area, which the city
wants to redevelop as a light industrial park. Some progress has been made, but
the next step will be massive and costly: demolishing 1.5 million square feet of
antiquated factory buildings south of Sample Street.

That's where the federal loan comes in, Laurent said, to pay for demolition,
environmental cleanup and capital improvements.

State action won't cinch a loan of that size, which Laurent said is usually
reserved for much larger cities. But the guarantee will improve the city's
chances, assuming it passes the full House and Senate.

A House vote is expected next week.

Staff writer Martin DeAgostino:

mdeagostino@sbtinfo.com

(317) 634-1707


LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2004 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              353 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Waikato Times (Hamilton, New Zealand)

                            June 22, 2005, Wednesday

Sports clubs' financial troubles a delicate situation: council

BYLINE: GILL Mary Anne

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 389 words


Hamilton City Council has guaranteed nine bank loans worth more than $ 945,000
to clubs or community groups with facilities on reserve land.

The money owed as at March 31 this year has been revealed because two sporting
clubs are experiencing financial troubles.

Te Rapa Sportsdrome, which owed its bank $ 72,193, had been taken over by the
council after it couldn't pay its debts.

Now the Flagstaff Club, formerly Eastern Suburbs Rugby Sports Club, has
difficulties.

The council is guarantor for a $ 270,000 loan the club has with ANZ Bank.

Council's finance and audit committee was told this week the Flagstaff Club's
problems were caused by affiliated sporting groups not paying their way. "It's a
delicate situation," said finance and administration manager Blair Bowcott.

Some debts, including one to the council of more than $ 2000 for rates and
ground lease, were old ones -- as far back as 18 months.

Councillor Ewan Wilson said it would not be good for ratepayers if the council
foreclosed on the club.

"It makes you wonder what other skeletons are in the closet -- what other clubs
are having prob lems?"

Mr Bowcott said the affiliated clubs were also struggling for a diminishing pot
of community grants money.

Councillor Peter Bos said the Flagstaff Club has struggled to be a part of the
community since its move to new clubrooms six years ago.

"They've got caught between what it was and what it needs to be . . . this club
needs some guidance, some certainty -- and they need to move on," he said.

Chairman Roger Hennebry said the northeastern suburbs were suffering from a lack
of facilities.

"If we take over this building, what are we going to do with it? We have to work
with these people to keep it going, to keep it viable."

The council will review its policy on loan guarantees to sport and recreational
bodies at the community and leisure committee on Wednesday.

Other clubs or community groups with loans outstanding guaranteed by the
council:

Te Rapa Sportsdrome $ 72,193

Hamilton Rowing Club $ 121,621

Hamilton Squash and Tennis Club $ 114,873

Phoenix House Charitable Trust $ 120,449

Fraser Tech RFC $ 10,761

St Peter's Tennis Club $ 190,945

Melville AFC $ 27,826

Resthills Sports Centre Inc $ 19,121

Flagstaff Club Inc $ 270,008

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2005 Fairfax New Zealand Newspaper


                              354 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Lebanon Daily News (Pennsylvania)

                            October 12, 2012 Friday

Bethel Township moves a step closer to plant construction in Fredericksburg

BYLINE: By BOB SWANSON For The Lebanon Daily News

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 442 words


FREDERICKSBURG - The Fredericksburg Sewer and Water Authority moved a step
closer to the construction of a new water and sewer plant on Thursday night when
the Bethel Township supervisors agreed to advertise an ordinance on which the
supervisors intend to vote in November.

The proposed ordinance allows for the township to guarantee the authority's $11
million loan through the Pennsylvania Infrastructure Investment Authority, also
known as PENNVEST, in the event that the authority would default on the loan
payments. Township officials acknowledged it is highly unlikely a default would
occur and noted that the guarantee requirement is a formality, mandated by state
statute.

PENNVEST provides low-interest state loans to pay for the improvement or
development of infrastructure projects throughout Pennsylvania.

This loan will only cover a portion of the new Fredericksburg water and sewer
plant, officials said. If the ordinance allowing the township to guarantee the
loan is passed in November, closing on the loan is should occur in January.

In unrelated business, Bethel Township resident Dale Snader expressed his
frustration with the township's decision to leave the Northern Lebanon
Recreation & Parks Commission.

The township voted in August to leave when its current agreement ends on Dec.
31, 2013. The decision was based on the increased census numbers for the
township and its consequent increased expected cost shares.

"I'm not convinced to extend our commitment," Supervisor Beverly Martel said at
the time. "I can't see the value in it. We could do a whole lot of work on our
pool (Bethel Township Lions Pool) for that. I don't see it adding much value to
our community."

Snader disagreed and urged the supervisors to reconsider.

"I encourage you to take the recreation commission's offer to come to the
table," Snader told the supervisors.

Snader predicted undesirable outcomes for the township if it follows through
with their decision to leave the commission.

"You're going to realize the pool is too expensive to keep open," he said.
"You'll decide it is so important to the community that you will have to add
significant dollars above what you are currently putting into it to maintain it.

"I've been an outspoken supporter of the board, and I was disappointed my
township chose to leave the board," he added. "I would be disappointed if all
the time and money that went into the development of the board was wasted."

Snader is also a member of the Northern Lebanon school board, which voted 7-1 on
Tuesday night to stop paying its $6,500 annual share to the recreation
commission for fiscal years 2014-16. Snader was the lone dissenter.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 Lebanon Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              355 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                           September 26, 2011 Monday
                                  ALL EDITION

THE LOANS TO NOWHERE BILL

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Michelle Malkin; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 885 words


President Obama still hasn't learned the classic First Rule of Holes: When
you're in one, stop digging. Up to his ears in failed stimulus grants and
tainted federal loan guarantees, the shoveler in chief tunneled forward this
week on his latest Government Loans to Nowhere bill. His willful ignorance is
America's abyss.

Little noticed in the White House jobs-for-cronies proposal is a provision
creating yet another corruption-friendly "government corporation" that would
dole out public infrastructure loans and loan guarantees.

Because, you know, the government-chartered, political hack-stacked Fannie Mae
and Freddie Mac "public-private partnerships" - which have incurred an estimated
$400 billion in losses while enriching bipartisan Beltway operatives - worked
out so well for American taxpayers.

THE NEW MONSTROSITY, dubbed the "American Infrastructure Financing Authority,"
would "provide direct loans and loan guarantees to facilitate investment in
economically viable infrastructure projects of regional or national
significance," according to the White House plan.

President Obama would have the power to appoint AIFA's chief executive officer
and a seven-member board of directors. No doubt the nominees would include the
likes of AFL-CIO chief Richard Trumka on the left and the U.S. Chamber of
Commerce on the right - strange Obama bedfellows who have formed a Big Labor-Big
Business-Big Government alliance supporting Obama's infrastructure slush fund.

In addition, a new bureaucracy to support AIFA would be created, including a
"Chief Lending Officer" in charge of "all functions of AIFA relating to the
development of project pipeline, financial structuring of projects, selection of
infrastructure projects;" the "creation and management of a Center for
Excellence to provide technical assistance to public sector borrowers in the
development and financing of infrastructure projects;" and creation and funding
of "an Office of Rural Assistance to provide technical assistance in the
development and financing of rural infrastructure projects."

IN ITS FIRST two years, AIFA would rake in $10 billion in congressional
appropriations; $20 billion over the next seven years; and $50 billion per
fiscal year after that. How would Obama ensure the loan review process is
protected from special interest favor-trading and White House meddling? If the
ongoing, half-billion-dollar stimulus-funded Solyndra solar company loan debacle
is any indication, the answer is: not very well.

And consider Obama's naked partisan stunt on Thursday at the Brent Spence Bridge
connecting GOP House Speaker John Boehner's home state of Ohio and Senate
Minority Leader Mitch McConnell's home state of Kentucky. "There's no reason for
Republicans in Congress to stand in the way of more construction projects.
There's no reason to stand in the way of more jobs," he railed. "Mr. Boehner,
Mr. McConnell, help us rebuild this bridge. Help us rebuild America. Help us put
this country back to work. Pass this jobs bill right away!"

While he has high-mindedly called on "Washington" (as if he isn't at the center
of it) to put country over politics, he uses tax dollars to travel for campaign
events assailing Republicans in front of decrepit bridges that wouldn't see a
dime of his "immediate" jobs bill money for years. If ever.

The point was made not by evil GOP obstructionists, but by the local Cincinnati
Enquirer newspaper, which pointed out that the Brent Spence Bridge is not named
in Obama's jobs bill, has no guarantee of funding in the jobs bill, and "is
still in the preliminary engineering and environmental clearance phase. In a
best case scenario, the earliest that workers would be hired would be in 2013,
but more likely 2015."

IT GETS WORSE. Obama's infrastructure loan corps wouldn't just oversee bridge
loans to nowhere. The AIFA board would get to dispense billions and score
political points for their favorite photo-op-ready roads, mass transit, inland
waterways, commercial ports, airports, air traffic control systems, passenger
rail, high-speed rail, freight rail, wastewater treatment facilities, storm
water management systems, dams, solid-waste disposal facilities, drinking water
treatment facilities, levees, power transmission and distribution, storage and
energy-efficiency enhancements for buildings.

As I reported previously, a separate $6 billion "private nonprofit corporation"
would be created by the Obama jobs plan to oversee the "Public Safety Broadband
Corporation." The panel would consist of 11 board members and four Obama
administration officials. It, too, would be tasked with choosing winners and
losers.

Instead of local and state governments overseeing construction, this federal
entity would "hold the single public safety wireless license granted under
section 281 and take all actions necessary to ensure the building, deployment,
and operation of a secure and resilient nationwide public safety interoperable
broadband network."

Given the bombshell revelations of White House pressure on military and
government officials to promote the president's old broadband cronies at shady
LightSquared Inc., the idea of empowering a new Obama bureaucracy to dole out
more broadband contracts in the name of "public safety" is unsettling at best.
Deeper and deeper we go.

Creators Syndicate

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              356 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                    The North Weld Herald (Eaton, Colorado)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 23, 2011

Town of Grover receives $1.5 million for water and wastewater

BYLINE: The North Weld Herald staff

LENGTH: 233  words


Residents in the Town of Grover will soon see vast improvements being made to
both the water treatment facility and the wastewater facility thanks to two
loan/grant combinations totaling $1,560,000 from USDA Rural Development. Rural
Development State Director Jim Isgar joined Northeast Area Director Cheryl
Scofield in Grover for a celebratory presentation to representatives from the
town last Wed., June 15.

The funding is being provided through the Water and Waste Water Program which
provides loans, grants and loan guarantees for drinking water, sanitary sewer,
solid waste and storm drainage facilities in rural areas and cities and town of
10,000 or less. A portion of the funding will be used to install water retention
tanks, upgrade the water treatment facility and install/upgrade water meters and
allow remote reading capabilities. In addition, funding is being provided to
replace the non-compliant wastewater facility with a new activate allude
treatment facility and other improvements.

"Having access to decent, safe, and sanitary water is a necessity for any town.
These improvements will truly benefit all the residents and continue to keep
Grover a strong rural community," said Isgar. For further information on rural
programs available in Northeast Colorado contact the Wray USDA Rural Development
Office a (970) 332-3107, ext 4 or visit the web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/co

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NWH

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2011 The North Weld Herald


                              357 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                             July 9, 2009 Thursday

REGULATORY ROUNDUP

SECTION: WASHINGTON; Pg. 4 Vol. 174 No. 130

LENGTH: 1569  words


OPEN FOR COMMENT

Private-Equity Investment

A proposal by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. that would restrict
private-equity investment in failed banks. Under the plan, private-equity
investors that buy failed banks would have to retain ownership of the bank for
at least three years and maintain a minimum 15% Tier 1 leverage ratio during
that time.

Bidders on failed banks who already own majority stakes in other banks would
have to issue cross guarantees and pay for losses to the Deposit Insurance Fund.
The plan would also institute new disclosure requirements for bidders and
prohibit certain institutions from participating. Expected to be published soon
in the Federal Register with comments due in 30 days.

Liquidity Risk

Proposed guidance by federal regulators that would require financial
institutions to more closely monitor their liquidity risk. The guidances
stresses the importance of cash flow projections, diversified funding sources,
stress testing, a cushion of liquid assets and a formal, well-developed
contingency plan for measuring, monitoring and managing liquidity risk. It
mirrors standards released by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in
September. Published July 6, with comments due Sept. 4.

Deposit Guarantee

An FDIC proposal that seeks comment on whether to extend a blanket guarantee for
non-interest-bearing deposits. The plan gives the industry two options. Under
one, banks would have six more months of coverage but face a higher fee for
participation. The other option would be to simply end theprogram on its
expiration date at yearend. Published June 30. Comments due July 30.

Loan Modifications

An interim final rule by the banking agencies designed to clarify the capital
treatment of mortgage loans modified under the administration's plan to reduce
foreclosures. The rule says that after a modification institutions can hold the
same amount of capital against a specific type of loan that was required before
the workout. For example, a mortgage risk weighted at 50% before the
modification can receive the same treatment afterward. Published June 30.
Comments due July 30.

Mortgage Registration

A proposal by federal banking and thrift regulators that would require all
mortgage originators to register with a national licensing database. The plan
would carry out a part of the Secure and Fair Enforcement for Mortgage Licensing
Act, which was passed last year. Under that law,any originator, including
employees of a bank, other depository institution or nonbank lenders, must
register with the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry. Each
originator would be assigned a unique identification number that would remain
unchanged for the duration of his or her career. Published June 9. Comments due
Aug. 10.

CRA Amendment

A proposal by federal regulators to count an institution's low-cost education
loans to low-income borrowers toward their Community Reinvestment Act grade.
Published June 30. Comments due July 30.

MSB Definition

A proposal by the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network that would attempt to
clarify which companies qualify as money-services businesses. The proposal would
revise the definition of such businesses by describing with more clarity the
types of financial activities subject to Bank Secrecy Act rules. Published May
12. Comments due Sept. 9.

RECENT ACTIONS

Bank Failures I

Federal and state regulators shut seven banks on July 2, most of them in
Illinois. The number of failures this year has now reached 52, more than double
the total for 2008. The seven banks collectively held assets of roughly $1.5
billion and will cost the Deposit Insurance Fund $314 million.

Six of the failed banks were in Illinois, doubling the number of failures in
that state this year, to 12, in one evening. In a press release, the FDIC said
they were all controlled by one family and "followed a similar business model
that created concentrated exposure in each institution."

The failures were: the $962.5 million-asset Founders Bank in Worth; the $70
million-asset John Warner Bank in Clinton; the $36 million-asset First State
Bank of Winchester; the $77 million-asset Rock River Bank in Oregon, Ill.; the
$166 million-asset First National Bank of Danville; and the $55.5 million-asset
Elizabeth State Bank.

Texas state regulators shut the $118 million-asset Millennium State Bank of
Texas in Dallas.

FACT Act

The federal banking agencies finalized provisions of the Fair and Accurate
Credit Transactions Act on July 1 that give consumers more authority to dispute
information in their credit reports.

If consumers detect an inaccuracy on their credit report, the new rule allows
them to file a complaint directly with the organization that provided the detail
to the credit reporting agency. The complaint must be investigated by that
original entity. The rule also dictates that companies include a consumer's
credit limit when submitting information to a credit reporting agency. The new
standards take effect on July 1, 2010.

Mortgage Metrics

The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and Office of Thrift Supervision
released a report June 30 that showed that servicers have increased the number
of sustainable modifications, but serious delinquencies among prime borrowers
continue to rise. The report said that servicers modified 185,156 loans in the
first quarter, up 55% from the previous quarter and the highest level since
regulators began recording the data a year earlier.

Supreme Court

The U.S. Supreme Court ruled 5 to 4 on June 29 that states have the right to
enforce certain laws against national banks. While the decision said the OCC has
sole "visitorial" powers to examine a national bank, state attorney generals can
use judicial proceedings to enforce valid state laws against national banks. The
decision said state attorneys general could not go on"fishing expeditions" to
subpoena banksbut could use the court system to pursue actions against financial
institutions.

Bank Failures II

Federal and state regulators shut five banks totaling a combined $1 billion in
assets on June 26. The collapses are estimated to cost the DIF $265 million.

The failures were: the $456 million-asset Mirae Bank of Los Angeles; the $80
million-asset MetroPacific Bank in Irvine, Calif.; the $222 million-asset
Neighborhood Community Bank in Newnan, Ga.; the $199 million-asset Community
Bank of West Georgia in Villa Rica; and the $88 million-asset Horizon Bank in
Pine City, Minn.

Warrant Repayments

The Treasury Department released guidance June 26 that lays out a four step
process by which banks can repurchase warrants given to the government as part
of participation in the Troubled Asset Relief Program. A bank wishing to repay a
warrant must submit an offer of fair market value of the warrant within 15 days
of repayment of Tarp funds. Treasury then has 10 days to accept the bank's
offer. If the government rejects the bank's offer, the Treasury and the bank
would each select independent appraisers to conduct their own valuations.
Finally, if the appraisers can not agree, a third appraiser would be hired to
establish the fair market price of the warrants.

The Treasury said it would value the warrants based on market prices, modeling
tools, and outside consultants or financial agents.

Liquidity Facilities

The Federal Reserve Board announced June 25 that it would keep several liquidity
facilities in place into early 2010, while allowing other programs to expire.

The central bank said that four programs - the Asset-Backed Commercial Paper
Money Market Mutual Fund Liquidity Facility, the Commercial Paper Funding
Facility, the Primary Dealer Credit Facility and the Term Asset-Backed
Securities Lending Facility - would be extended through Feb. 1. All four had
been slated to expire Oct. 30.

The Fed did not change the expiration date for the Term Asset-Backed Securities
Loan Facility, which was set up to provide liquidity for consumer lending. Once
considered a centerpiece of the central bank's efforts to help the markets,
Talf, which is due to expire Dec. 31, has generated only limited interest from
investors.

Auditing Standards

On June 23 the FDIC finalized a rule that brings auditing requirements for banks
more in line with standards established by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The
new regulation makes auditing requirements more explicit for both publicly held
banks, which already follow Sarbanes-Oxley, and privately held institutions not
covered by the 2002 law.

Bank Failures III

Regulators shut three community banks on June 19 in North Carolina, Georgia and
Kansas. In all the banks had assets of $1.5 billion, and their failures are
estimated to cost the DIF $363 million.

The failures were: the $970 million-asset Cooperative Bank in Wilmington, N.C.;
the $377 million-asset Southern Community Bank in Fayetteville, Ga; and the $157
million-asset First National Bank of Anthony in Kansas.

Downey Failure

The Treasury inspector general released a report June 16 that criticized the
OTS' supervision of the failed Downey Savings and Loan, saying it could have
been tougher on the thrift's emphasis on option adjustable-rate mortgages.

ACTIONS EXPECTED SOON

Overdraft Fees

The Fed is considering whether to require banking companies to get customers'
permission before charging overdraft fees. Under a proposal issued late last
year, the Fed said it was considering if overdraft protection should be an
opt-in or opt-out feature.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com/

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AB


                        Copyright 2009 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              358 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Financial Guaranty Insurers Criticize FHLB School Bond Plan

                              May 21, 1999, Friday

By Amy B. Resnick

DATELINE: WASHINGTON



The Association of Financial Guaranty Insurers Tuesday wrote to Sen. William V.
Roth, calling his proposal to allow Federal Home Loan Banks to guarantee school
bonds "ineffective," "inefficient," and "counterproductive."

Despite the group's objections, the provision to enable the 12 banks to
guarantee up to $500 million in tax-exempt school bonds annually was approved by
the Senate Finance Committee Wednesday as part of a broader tax bill on
education savings accounts and school construction.

"AFGI recognizes the need to improve our communities' school facilities, but the
industry believes this proposal is misguided in several important respects,"
association chairman Ann C. Stern, president and chief executive officer of
Financial Guaranty Insurance Co., wrote in a letter to Chairman Roth, R-Del.,
and the committee's top Democrat, Sen. Daniel Patrick Moynihan of New York.

The association represents eight insurers and re-insurers of municipal bonds and
asset-backed securities. So far in 1999, $42.3 billion in municipal bonds for
all purposes have been insured, while $2.4 billion has been backed by letters of
credit, according to information from Securities Data Co.

Since 1995, the four triple-A-rated municipal bond insurers - Ambac Assurance
Corp., Financial Guaranty Insurance Co., Financial Security Assurance, and MBIA
Inc. - have insured more than $76 billion in school bonds, according to
Securities Data Co.

The four-page letter sent to Roth and Moynihan, said the proposal "does not
address the real problem of insufficient bonds to finance needed investments in
school facilities ... and might actually ... deprive states and localities of
the services of private bond insurers and other private experts in public
finance by driving them out of the market."

In particular, the insurers said because the Federal Home Loan Banks are
government-sponsored enterprises, their entry into the municipal bond guaranty
business would bring an implied federal guarantee of the bonds they backed and
"will undermine the private bond insurers and actually lessen competition over
time."

"Bonds that the FHL Banks will insure, if the legislation is enacted, will trade
with the implied backing of the U.S. taxpayer," Stern wrote. "Allowing the
federally subsidized FHL Banks to enter this new line of business will create an
unlevel playing field in a market that, until now, has thrived on competition."

"The final result will be to reduce, not increase, the availability of low-cost
private insurance to those localities seeking to credit enhance their bonds,"
Stern wrote.

Guarantees from the Federal Home Loan Banks are not needed because "issuers of
municipal bonds have ample access to a highly effective, intensely competitive
market that is well-served by private bond insurers," the insurers wrote.

Copyright c 1999 American Banker, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.bondbuyer.com

SECTION: WASHINGTON; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 489 words

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                              359 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 27, 2016 Wednesday

USDA Seeks Applications for Funding to Develop Advanced Biofuels and Plant-Based
Products

LENGTH: 583  words

DATELINE: New York



 Jackson: Growing Mississippi has issued the following news release:



  Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) is seeking applications for funding to help support the
development of advanced biofuels, renewable chemicals and biobased products.





 "The bioeconomy is a catalyst for economic development in rural America,
creating new jobs and providing new markets for farmers and ranchers," Vilsack
said. "Investing in the businesses and technologies that support the production
of biofuels and biobased products is not only good for farm incomes. The whole
economy benefits from a more balanced, diversified and consumer-friendly energy
portfolio, less dependence on foreign oil and reduced carbon emissions."



 Funding is being provided through the Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical and
Biobased Product Manufacturing Assistance Program, formerly known as the
Biorefinery Assistance Program. Congress established the program in 2008 to
encourage the development of biofuels that use renewable feedstocks.



 The 2014 Farm Bill expanded the program to include renewable chemicals and
biobased product manufacturing. The program now provides loan guarantees of up
to $250 million to develop, construct and retrofit commercial-scale
biorefineries and to develop renewable chemicals and biobased product
manufacturing facilities.



 USDA has provided $844 million in loan commitments to 10 businesses in the
Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical and Biobased Product Manufacturing Assistance
Program since the start of the Obama administration. Companies receiving these
commitments are projected to produce 159 million gallons of advanced biofuels.



 In 2011, under this program, USDA provided Sapphire Energy a $54.5 million loan
guarantee to build a refined algal oil commercial facility. Sapphire's "Green
Crude Farm" in Columbus, N.M., is an example of how USDA funding and
partnerships with the private sector are helping to support the development of
biorefineries.



 The plant opened in May 2012 and is producing renewable algal oil that can be
further refined to replace petroleum-derived diesel and jet fuel. According to
the company, more than 600 jobs were created during the first phase of
construction at the facility and 30 full-time employees currently operate the
plant. After Sapphire received additional equity from private investors, it
repaid the remaining balance on its USDA-backed loan in 2013.



 USDA is helping to develop the bioeconomy, which has the potential to spur
unprecedented growth in the rural economy by creating opportunities for the
production, distribution and sale of biobased products and fuels. For example,
USDA has partnered with the U.S. Department of Energy and the Navy to create
advanced drop-in biofuels that will power both the Department of Defense and
private-sector transportation throughout America.



 Over the course of this Administration, USDA has invested $332 million to
accelerate research on renewable energy ranging from genomic research on
bioenergy feedstock crops, to development of biofuel conversion processes and
cost/benefit estimates of renewable energy production. For more information on
how renewable energy factors into USDA's work to reduce greenhouse gases, visit
the latest chapter of USDA's Medium entry, How Food and Forestry Are Adapting to
a Changing Climate.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              360 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                       July 7, 2005 Thursday Home Edition

Golf course's fate near decision;
Homeowners' vote key to deal

BYLINE: KEVIN DUFFY

SECTION: Fayette; Pg. 1JM;

LENGTH: 540 words


Homeowners could determine if Canongate Golf Clubs takes over the troubled
Palmer Course at Starr's Mill.

Residents of Whitewater Creek, the expensive subdivision built around the
course, are voting on whether to buy the pool and tennis courts, which need
expensive repairs. The results should be known next week.

Canongate doesn't want the pool and courts. It wants only the golf course,
designed by Arnold Palmer. If the homeowners don't take over the amenities,
Canongate may back out of the deal.

Wyant Golf Enterprises, a nonprofit, got a $6 million loan with an unusual
guarantee from the U.S. Department of Agriculture to buy the course and make
repairs. But it failed to repay the loan, so Heritage Bank, the lender,
announced a courthouse sale that was scheduled for July 5.

That sale has been delayed while Canongate and the homeowners try to take
control.

Canongate, which is based in Sharpsburg and operates 11 golf courses, including
the three in Peachtree City, wants to lease the course with an option to buy.
Should Canongate choose to simply renew the lease, it can purchase the course
after 25 years for $1.

Neither Canongate nor Heritage Bank would comment.

John Boykin, Wyant's CEO, said, "Wyant Golf Enterprises is working in connection
with Heritage Bank and the USDA to reach a resolution that is in the best
interest of all parties."

Rick Price, president of the Whitewater Creek Homeowners Association, said
there's a good chance residents will approve buying the courts and pool for
$425,000, even though an earlier vote failed.

"We addressed many of the concerns that were voiced about the first balloting,"
Price said. If the purchase goes through, the homeowners will choose one of
three repair plans costing from $300,000 to $700,000, Price said.

The USDA's Rural Development branch guaranteed 90 percent of Boykin's $6.04
million loan. The USDA will back a loan for a recreational facility in a rural
area --- even an upscale rural area --- provided it's open to the public and the
operator is a nonprofit or an Indian tribe.

The Palmer Course (formerly Whitewater Country Club) is in a high-income area
east of Peachtree City off Redwine Road.

In a worst-case scenario, taxpayers would be stuck repaying the bank for part of
the loan because of the federal guarantee. That would happen only if a buyer
were to pay far less than the loan amount, which is possible at a courthouse
sale.

Homeowners have been disappointed for years in the operation of the golf course.
Boykin bought it in 2003 from Robert Brooks, founder of the Hooters restaurant
chain. Brooks and residents got in a legal fight over keeping the community's
gates open so that the public could access the course.

"We've had dictatorship-type owners. Things just haven't gone well," resident
David Harris said. Harris was a leader of a recent homeowner effort to take
control of the golf course.

That plan gave way to Canongate's lease-purchase deal, which may lead to the
semiprivate course eventually going private.

Price said: "The history and recent experience with the owners has not been
positive. We foresee Canongate . . . as giving the course some long-term
consistency."

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: John Boykin heads Wyant Golf Enterprises, which failed to pay its loan
to buy the Palmer Course. ; Staff The Palmer Course, formerly Whitewater Country
Club, is east of Peachtree City off Redwine Road. Residents and course operators
have had conflicts. A deal with Canongate Golf Clubs is pending.

                Copyright 2005 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              361 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Advertiser

                             March 24, 2006 Friday
                                 State Edition

Anger over pokies deal

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 183  words


MARION Council has taken poker machine licences as a loan guarantee for
renovations on a sports club whose dining room has been taken over by gaming
machines.

The deal has drawn fire from No Pokies MP Nick Xenophon and Marion Councillor
Bruce Hull.

''The council is gambling with ratepayers' money,'' Mr Hull said. ''We should
provide guidance about appropriate activities - there is a big difference
between a council-owned facility and a pub.''

Marion Council agreed to guarantee a $750,000 loan for the Marion Sports and
Community Club in December last year, despite already helping the club to expand
in 2000.

It now holds 11 pokies licences as a guarantee against loan repayments. In a
report to the council, the club said earlier plans for a new dining room had
been converted to house gaming machines.

It also submitted its core business ''consists of private functions, casual
dining, gaming and bar operations with TAB, Lotteries, Sky Racing and Fox
Sports.''

Mr Xenophon said: ''Councils should be out there highlighting the damage caused
by pokies, not providing assistance to a pokies venue.''

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              362 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            November 17, 1989 Friday

Fletcher's closes hog plant, blames Alberta

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 654 words

DATELINE: RED DEER, AB


Canadian Press
  RED DEER, Alta.
     Fletcher's Fine Foods Ltd. of Red Deer says it will close its hog-
slaughtering plant in central Alberta because it can't compete with an
Edmonton plant owned and backed by the provincial government.

Company spokesman Robert Telford said the chances of Fletcher's Red
Deer plant being able to compete with the Gainers Inc. plant in Edmonton -
and other pork plants in Alberta - were 'non-existent.'
   Garry MacMillan, Fletcher's president, had sharper words to describe
the impact of the Gainers plant, an ailing operation that was taken over
and kept going by the Alberta government in early October after owner
Peter Pocklington defaulted on a government loan.

Mr. MacMillan said the Red Deer plant is 'perhaps the most modern and
up-to-date facility - not in Alberta, but perhaps in Canada . . . but we
want to shut down so the people of Alberta can run perhaps the oldest,
most debilitated facility until they get tired.'
   The government was quick to respond.

Provincial Treasurer Dick Johnston said Fletcher's problems started
before the government took control of Gainers on Oct. 6. 'It's easy to
blame the government because of the Gainers move,' Mr. Johnston said.

But the treasurer said the province was concerned about the closing.
'Obviously we don't want to see that plant close. . . . We want to
protect the jobs and we want to protect the industry,' Mr. Johnston said.

Alberta Agriculture Minister Ernie Isley told reporters he is hoping to
avert the closing. 'In my mind we've got 90 days to work out a resolution
to keep that plant operating,' he said.

Fletcher's made the announcement in an early morning news release.

Employees who arrived for their regular shifts at the plant were
shocked to find out there were layoff notices waiting for them.

Brenda Regnier, whose husband Marty works at the plant, said the
workers are still trying to recover from the financial strain caused by a
seven-month lockout at the plant that ended last spring.

'There were no indications Fletcher's was wanting or even thinking of  closing
the plant,' she said.

The closing will send a chill through the business community in the
central Alberta community, said Red Deer Mayor Bob McGhee. Ronald Jackson,
president of Calgary-based meat packer Burns Foods Ltd., said Fletcher's
move was confusing.

'I'm not sure it's logical,' said Mr. Jackson, after a previously  scheduled
meeting with Messrs. Isley and Johnston at the Legislature.

Mr. Jackson wouldn't say if Fletcher's was using the announcemnt as a
bargaining ploy to put pressure on the province to sell Gainers or let it
go under.

After the provincial takeover of Gainers, other Alberta meat packers
criticized the move. Burns took out full-page newspaper ads slamming the
province for giving Gainers an unfair advantage in a fiercely competitive
market.

The takeover occurred when Mr. Pocklington defaulted on a $6-million
government loan.

The province agreed to pay out $32-million to reduce the company's debt
and to provide a $10-million loan guarantee to ensure the restructured
company has a line of operating credit.

Mr. Johnston pointed out yesterday that almost every meat-packing
company in Canada has benefited from some government support.

Fletcher's received a $20-million loan guarantee from the provincial
government in 1988 and used the backing to help buy California-based
Goehring Meat Co., a firm with meat processing and distribution plants in
three states.

If the plant closes, Alberta will lose a plant that slaughters about 60
per cent of the province's hogs, Mr. Isley said.

Phil Mueller, a hog farmer from central Alberta, said the closing will
hurt him. 'You close that facility and we have to ship hogs to the
States.'
   The Fletcher's announcement follows the recent layoffs of 45 workers at
the Canada Packers Inc. plant in Winnipeg. Another 125 workers at Burns'
Toronto plant also lost their jobs when the plant closed its doors earlier
this month.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1989 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              363 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 4, 2014 Friday

Alabama: Loan Specialist (General) Job Announcement Number:AL-MPP-2014-4593

LENGTH: 2850  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job announcement:

Job Title:Loan Specialist (General)

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Agriculture, Rural Housing Service

Job Announcement Number:AL-MPP-2014-4593
SALARY RANGE:
 $47,923.00 to $90,344.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Friday, April 04, 2014 to Monday, April 14, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1165-09/12
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
12
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - Camden, AL View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Current permanent USDA Rural Development employees with competitive status,
within the state of Alabama and USDA CTAP eligibles.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Q - Nonsensitive
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans. Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization. Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service. Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

Merit Promotion only for current Alabama USDA Rural Development employees.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
 1 - 5 nights.

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
 A 1-year probationary period is required.

DUTIES:
Back to top

Serve as an Area Specialist, with responsibility for assisting the Area Director
in leading USDA, Rural Development efforts throughout Alabama.
 Make and service routine and non-complex individual and group loans, loan
guarantees, and grants under the various USDA Rural Development loan, loan
guarantee and grant program authorities including Community, Business and
Cooperative, and Housing Programs.
 Provide credit and technical assistance for rural people and communities within
a specified geographic area.
 Provide information on agency programs to representative of business and
community groups and oversees construction management to assure structures are
built in accordance with approved plans and specifications.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Specialized experience is required to qualify for this position. Specialized
experience is experience which is typically in or related to the position to be
filled and which has equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge,
skills and abilities to successfully perform the duties of the position. To be
creditable, specialized experience must have been equivalent to at least one
year in the next lower grade level in the normal line of progression for the
occupation in the organization.

GS-9: Experience that demonstrates knowledge and understanding of mortgage or
commercial loan making/ servicing and credit principles and practices in order
to assess the fundamental soundness of business and/or community facilities
loans and to independently examine applications, supporting documents, and
credit reports, and maintain servicing activities on small commercial loans.
Experience may have been gained in work equivalent to furnishing information to
borrowers and applicants on loan programs, eligibility requirements, financial
and credit requirements; analyzing information provided by loan applicants,
determining eligibility for commercial loans, and making loan recommendations to
a senior employee; assisting senior level employees in initiating action to
graduate borrowers who are eligible for other credit sources; and participating
in providing credit counseling to all borrowers and debt adjustment services.

GS-11: Experience that demonstrated thorough knowledge and understanding of
complex mortgage or commercial loan making/ servicing and credit principles and
practices in order to assess the fundamental soundness of business loans and
loans to corporate and/or municipal entities and to independently examine
applications, and corporate financial documents, and maintain servicing
activities on a variety of commercial loans. Experience may have been gained in
work equivalent to reviewing and passing upon applications for a variety of
commercial loans or by servicing a commercial loan portfolio of a bank or other
loan association; performing financial analysis of commercial concerns for
investment purposes; appraising real estate and business property to determine
property valuation; or similar work.

GS-12: Experience that demonstrated a comprehensive knowledge and understanding
of the technicalities of commercial financing and credit and skill in directing
and evaluating employees. Experience may have been gained in work equivalent to
reviewing and passing on applications for the most complex business and/or
municipal transactions or by servicing a commercial loan portfolio of a bank or
other loan association; providing financial management guidance to borrowers in
ascertaining and analyzing the many and often obscure facts regarding corporate
borrower's financial capacity; evaluating the general economic and financial
conditions that affect the organization/government's risk in granting,
guaranteeing or insuring loans; and participating with overall office management
by providing guidance and direction to lower level employees.


o CONFIDENTIAL FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE REPORT: If selected, you will be required to
submit Form OGE-450 within 30 days of your initial appointment date, and
annually thereafter. Selectee is subject to financial Disclosure Requirements in
accordance with 5 CFR, Part 2635, Sub part E regarding business or personal
transactions with applicants, borrowers, or business contacts who have or who
are seeking business with this Agency. Selectee must be able to obtain and
maintain a security clearance. If selected you will be subject to a National
Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a credit report.
o Have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by Direct
Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer.
o Selectee must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance. If selected
you may be subject to a National Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a credit
report inquiry.
o To be eligible for appointment to this position, the new hire must be cleared
to come on board once the results of the fingerprint check, review of the
OF-306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and the candidate's Electronic
Questionnaires for Investigations Processing (eQIP) entries have been reviewed
and determined to be satisfactory. This position requires a favorable credit
check as part of the background investigation.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

*Knowledge of Housing, Commercial and Community Programs loan and/or grant
making requirements.
*Knowledge of Housing, Commercial and Community Programs servicing requirements.

*Knowledge of Building Standards, Costs, Specifications and Contracts.
*Program Administration/ Project Management.
*Oral Communication.
*Written Communication.

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.

Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rhs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=c824f302-3c54-
4981-8265-a30200b71d5f

BENEFITS:
Back to top
The Federal Government offers a comprehensive benefits package. Explore the
major benefits offered to most Federal employees at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/

OTHER INFORMATION:
o If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959, certify that you
have registered with the Selective Service System or are exempt from having to
do so.
o Obtain and use a Government-issued charge card for business-related travel.
o Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP): If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50,
and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency. CTAP/ICTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a
rating of __ or above. Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPM's
Career Transition Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
o If you are selected for a position with further promotion potential, you will
be placed under a career development plan, and may be non-competitively promoted
if you successfully complete the requirements and if recommended by management.
However, promotion is neither implied nor guaranteed.
o This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
 We are available to assist you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. - 4:00
p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying online
poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well before
the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application packages with
supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the closing date of
the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to its closing.
 This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities
on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded resumes must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A resume should be provided. It should include relevant work experience
(start/end dates stated in month/year, description of duties and salary),
applicable education at a minimum, and your contact information. For current or
previous Federal employees, it should also include the Pay Plan, Series and
Grade for each work experience entry.
 For current or previous Federal employees, please attach a copy of your most
recent SF-50 or agency notification of personnel action form that provides
current position, grade level, and duty location.

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current/Former Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
 CTAP/ICTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force Separation
Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency certification; AND
most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating your separation or
the position from which you will be separated.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Lisa Kamnikar
Phone: 334-279-3405
Fax: 855-289-5187
Email: lisa.kamnikar@al.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA Rural Development
4121 Carmichael Road, Suite 601
Montgomery, AL,
36106
USA
Fax: 855-289-5187
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful, 2) if you were referred to
the selecting official for consideration, and 3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov/

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              364 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 4, 2014 Friday

Alabama: Loan Specialist (General) Job Announcement Number:AL-MPP-2014-4593

LENGTH: 2850  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job announcement:

Job Title:Loan Specialist (General)

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Agriculture, Rural Housing Service

Job Announcement Number:AL-MPP-2014-4593
SALARY RANGE:
 $47,923.00 to $90,344.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Friday, April 04, 2014 to Monday, April 14, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1165-09/12
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
12
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - Camden, AL View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Current permanent USDA Rural Development employees with competitive status,
within the state of Alabama and USDA CTAP eligibles.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Q - Nonsensitive
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans. Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization. Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service. Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

Merit Promotion only for current Alabama USDA Rural Development employees.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
 1 - 5 nights.

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
 A 1-year probationary period is required.

DUTIES:
Back to top

Serve as an Area Specialist, with responsibility for assisting the Area Director
in leading USDA, Rural Development efforts throughout Alabama.
 Make and service routine and non-complex individual and group loans, loan
guarantees, and grants under the various USDA Rural Development loan, loan
guarantee and grant program authorities including Community, Business and
Cooperative, and Housing Programs.
 Provide credit and technical assistance for rural people and communities within
a specified geographic area.
 Provide information on agency programs to representative of business and
community groups and oversees construction management to assure structures are
built in accordance with approved plans and specifications.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Specialized experience is required to qualify for this position. Specialized
experience is experience which is typically in or related to the position to be
filled and which has equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge,
skills and abilities to successfully perform the duties of the position. To be
creditable, specialized experience must have been equivalent to at least one
year in the next lower grade level in the normal line of progression for the
occupation in the organization.

GS-9: Experience that demonstrates knowledge and understanding of mortgage or
commercial loan making/ servicing and credit principles and practices in order
to assess the fundamental soundness of business and/or community facilities
loans and to independently examine applications, supporting documents, and
credit reports, and maintain servicing activities on small commercial loans.
Experience may have been gained in work equivalent to furnishing information to
borrowers and applicants on loan programs, eligibility requirements, financial
and credit requirements; analyzing information provided by loan applicants,
determining eligibility for commercial loans, and making loan recommendations to
a senior employee; assisting senior level employees in initiating action to
graduate borrowers who are eligible for other credit sources; and participating
in providing credit counseling to all borrowers and debt adjustment services.

GS-11: Experience that demonstrated thorough knowledge and understanding of
complex mortgage or commercial loan making/ servicing and credit principles and
practices in order to assess the fundamental soundness of business loans and
loans to corporate and/or municipal entities and to independently examine
applications, and corporate financial documents, and maintain servicing
activities on a variety of commercial loans. Experience may have been gained in
work equivalent to reviewing and passing upon applications for a variety of
commercial loans or by servicing a commercial loan portfolio of a bank or other
loan association; performing financial analysis of commercial concerns for
investment purposes; appraising real estate and business property to determine
property valuation; or similar work.

GS-12: Experience that demonstrated a comprehensive knowledge and understanding
of the technicalities of commercial financing and credit and skill in directing
and evaluating employees. Experience may have been gained in work equivalent to
reviewing and passing on applications for the most complex business and/or
municipal transactions or by servicing a commercial loan portfolio of a bank or
other loan association; providing financial management guidance to borrowers in
ascertaining and analyzing the many and often obscure facts regarding corporate
borrower's financial capacity; evaluating the general economic and financial
conditions that affect the organization/government's risk in granting,
guaranteeing or insuring loans; and participating with overall office management
by providing guidance and direction to lower level employees.


o CONFIDENTIAL FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE REPORT: If selected, you will be required to
submit Form OGE-450 within 30 days of your initial appointment date, and
annually thereafter. Selectee is subject to financial Disclosure Requirements in
accordance with 5 CFR, Part 2635, Sub part E regarding business or personal
transactions with applicants, borrowers, or business contacts who have or who
are seeking business with this Agency. Selectee must be able to obtain and
maintain a security clearance. If selected you will be subject to a National
Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a credit report.
o Have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by Direct
Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer.
o Selectee must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance. If selected
you may be subject to a National Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a credit
report inquiry.
o To be eligible for appointment to this position, the new hire must be cleared
to come on board once the results of the fingerprint check, review of the
OF-306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and the candidate's Electronic
Questionnaires for Investigations Processing (eQIP) entries have been reviewed
and determined to be satisfactory. This position requires a favorable credit
check as part of the background investigation.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

*Knowledge of Housing, Commercial and Community Programs loan and/or grant
making requirements.
*Knowledge of Housing, Commercial and Community Programs servicing requirements.

*Knowledge of Building Standards, Costs, Specifications and Contracts.
*Program Administration/ Project Management.
*Oral Communication.
*Written Communication.

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.

Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rhs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=c824f302-3c54-
4981-8265-a30200b71d5f

BENEFITS:
Back to top
The Federal Government offers a comprehensive benefits package. Explore the
major benefits offered to most Federal employees at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/

OTHER INFORMATION:
o If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959, certify that you
have registered with the Selective Service System or are exempt from having to
do so.
o Obtain and use a Government-issued charge card for business-related travel.
o Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP): If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50,
and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency. CTAP/ICTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a
rating of __ or above. Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPM's
Career Transition Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
o If you are selected for a position with further promotion potential, you will
be placed under a career development plan, and may be non-competitively promoted
if you successfully complete the requirements and if recommended by management.
However, promotion is neither implied nor guaranteed.
o This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
 We are available to assist you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. - 4:00
p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying online
poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well before
the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application packages with
supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the closing date of
the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to its closing.
 This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities
on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded resumes must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A resume should be provided. It should include relevant work experience
(start/end dates stated in month/year, description of duties and salary),
applicable education at a minimum, and your contact information. For current or
previous Federal employees, it should also include the Pay Plan, Series and
Grade for each work experience entry.
 For current or previous Federal employees, please attach a copy of your most
recent SF-50 or agency notification of personnel action form that provides
current position, grade level, and duty location.

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current/Former Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
 CTAP/ICTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force Separation
Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency certification; AND
most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating your separation or
the position from which you will be separated.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Lisa Kamnikar
Phone: 334-279-3405
Fax: 855-289-5187
Email: lisa.kamnikar@al.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA Rural Development
4121 Carmichael Road, Suite 601
Montgomery, AL,
36106
USA
Fax: 855-289-5187
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful, 2) if you were referred to
the selecting official for consideration, and 3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov/

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              365 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Bemidji Pioneer (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 18, 2013 Tuesday

Apartments to be built: South shore land to be bought for $350,000

BYLINE: John Hageman, The Bemidji Pioneer, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 628 words


June 18--BEMIDJI -- A new apartment building is slated for the city's south
shore.

A Grand Forks, N.D., developer will pay the city of Bemidji about $350,000 for a
piece of land near the Sanford Center, contingent on the signing of a negotiated
purchase and development agreements.

Representatives of Northridge Hospitality Management came before the Bemidji
Economic Development Authority on Monday night with their proposal.

They anticipate constructing a four-story building with 50 to 60 units, mixing
efficiency, two-bedroom and three-bedroom units. They also plan on underground
parking.

A final design has not yet been presented.

Jon Miskavige, president of Northridge, said the apartment will appeal to young
professionals and families.

"It's going to compliment what's already here," Ryan Carlson, vice president of
operations for Northridge, said.

The developers offered about $3 per square foot, which turns out to be about
$350,000 for the 2.67 acres of land located on the west side of the Sanford
Center parking lot. City councilors, acting as the BEDA, discussed the offer
behind closed doors before accepting.

Miskavige said they originally considered building a hotel in Bemidji. But with
the Country Inn & Suites already being proposed for the south shore, they
reconsidered.

He said the Sanford Center is a "major catalyst" for development in Bemidji.

"We took a liking to the area," Miskavige said.

Bonding for Carnegie

The City Council signaled its support for seeking state bonding money for
restoring and moving the historic Carnegie Library building.

Councilors approved on a 6-1 vote to apply for $800,000 from the state for the
project. The additional $800,000 volunteer fundraisers expect to need for the
building will be raised from donations and grants, $500,000 of which they
already have in pocket.

The Save the Carnegie Committee will not seek more money from the council, said
committee member Cathy Marchand. The council has already dedicated $100,000 for
the project.

Several councilors said the building is important to Bemidji and its history.

"I think that building is more than just bricks," Ward 5 Councilor Nancy
Erickson said.

Ward 2 Councilor Roger Hellquist was the only dissenting vote. He cited other
community needs, such as a detox center, that aren't being considered for
bonding money.

"There are definitely some needs in the community," Ward 1 Councilor Michael
Meehlhause said. "Right now though, you look around and this is a project that
the community has really rallied behind."

Fundraisers have been seeking money to restore the building, which is more than
100 years old, and move it away from State Highway 197.

Hotel agreement

Councilors unanimously agreed Monday to amend the terms of a revolving loan fund
request for a hotel development attached to the Sanford Center.

The council agreed to the terms of a $400,000 gap financing loan last year.

Those funds would be for construction of the walkway between the Country Inn &
Suites and the Sanford Center, which the developers would not own.

The council amended the terms Monday to remove Kraus-Anderson and the PRS Family
Trust as guarantors of the loan.

Tiffany Fettig, business loan consultant for the Headwaters Regional Development
Commission, said those terms weren't set in stone when the council first agreed
to the loan.

There is still a corporate guarantee from the development firm Bay Ridge
Properties International and personal guarantees from the developers themselves.

Fettig said "all indications are" the developers of the Country Inn & Suites
will meet a July 15 deadline to line up their finances for the project.

___ (c)2013 The Bemidji Pioneer (Bemidji, Minn.) Visit The Bemidji Pioneer
(Bemidji, Minn.) at www.bemidjipioneer.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130618-JI-Apartments-to-be-built-South-shore-land-to-be-bought-for-350,000-061
8-20130618

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JI


                         Copyright 2013 Bemidji Pioneer


                              366 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  Oman Tribune

                            March 20, 2014 Thursday

SME firms set to get funding boost shortly

LENGTH: 551  words


Jeta Pillai MUSCAT A government programme that guarantees 50 per cent of a loan
to small and medium enterprises (SMEs) and currently available from only two
banks, will be available from almost all banks in the coming months, Acting CEO
of Public Authority for SME Development (Pasmed) Khalifa Said Al Abri told Oman
Tribune, here, on Wednesday. Currently this loan facility is available only from
Bank Muscat and Oman Arab Bank, but "we want to expand and are in discussions
with all banks in Oman and it will be available from all those who agree to
join," he said on the sidelines of the Oman Economic Forum. Under this facility
the government guarantees 50 per cent of a loan of up to 250,000 rials to SMEs.

Access to finance is one of the troubles faced by SMEs in Oman. The average
credit share of SMEs is only 2 per cent in the Gulf Cooperation Council
countries, while it is 22 per cent in high income countries and 8 per cent in
Middle East and North Africa. Al Abri said, following the decision at the SME
Development Symposium at Bahla in 2013, the Central Bank of Oman (CBO) has asked
banks to increase loans to SMEs to 5 per cent of their outstanding credit by
December 2014. In keeping with the Royal Decree establishing it in 2013, Pasmed
will also open branches outside Muscat, "in places like Sohar, Sur and Salalah
in the future," he said. They were also setting up incubators in Muscat and
other cities where small businesses are given space, technical and
administrative help till they stabilise and are in a position to shift out. He
said new awards for entrepreneurs will be announced soon and the function will
take place in January 2015. There are about 100,000 SMEs in Oman but some of
them may be dysfunctional. So a new database is being developed to get the
correct picture, so far about 2,000 SMEs have been registered, Al Abri added. In
the coming months, Pasmed will also be working with the Ministry of Higher
Education in instilling an entrepreneurial culture among youngsters, helping
SMEs with their business plans, marketing and promotion through exhibitions. CEO
of Al Raffd Fund Tariq Bin Sulaiman Al Farsi said they have dispersed 2.14
million rials so far for 114 projects. The fund was established in June 2013
with the objective of financing SMEs. There are four categories that get
funding: entrepreneurs; jobseekers; lawyers, doctors, rural women and social
security dependants. The fund will soon have a mobile branch that will take
services to the interiors, he added. Future plans include that for sectors like
tourism, agricultural seasonal credit and green economy. Former South Korean
Minister of Knowledge Economy Sukwoo Hong said, Oman, which is making a strong
effort to encourage businesses, must examine it from the eye of companies.
Government officials, he said, must have business minds and procedures must be
simple. He emphasised on the role of leadership in execution. After the Korean
war it was said the country would take 'a hundred years to recover'. It had a
low per capita income, no natural resources and in 1970s its soldiers fought in
the Vietnam war. But later, people saved and built the country's infrastructure
which was the foundation of the country's industry which in turn became the
foundation of the Korean economy.Oman Tribune

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1257


                          Copyright 2014 Oman Tribune
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              367 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                                 March 17, 2010
                              Business Day Edition

Absa launches 110% loan

BYLINE: Thabang Mokopanele

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 581  words


Absa launches 110% loan

Bank sought guarantee mechanism for affordable-housing market

BANKING group Absa has launched a 110% home loan for people who earn less than
R15 142 a month.

The 110% proposition will boost affordability and accessibility to home loan
finance by not requiring borrowers to pay a deposit. The loan also includes bond
costs, which are normally about 4% of the purchase price of a property.

Luthando Vutula, managing executive of Absa Home Loans, says: "The partial
guarantee to Absa on the MyHome product has the added benefit of an HIV/AIDS
voluntary counselling, testing and treatment programme and borrower education.

"The borrower education programme is specifically designed for customers who are
buying a home for the first time. The programme teaches home loan customers on
all aspects of homeownership."

Vutula says the HIV/AIDS programme is managed by Absa's external partners and
includes voluntary home-based counselling and HIV/AIDS testing and a managed
treatment programme including antiretroviral treatment where prescribed.

As part of this product, Absa has sourced appropriate insurance so that home
loan instalments are covered in the event of a customer being unable to work due
to an AIDS-related disease.

"Absa has recently intensified its focus on the affordable-housing market. The
plight of many lower-income earners (in their) inability to access housing is
well recognised within the bank. In fact, the bank has been investigating for a
number of years a guarantee mechanism to help lower-income earners afford bonds.
This is based on a similar methodology to the one mentioned by the president in
his state of the nation address," says Vutula.

With the advent of the MyHome product and the expected R1bn guarantees to be
provided by the government, Absa believes it can supply about R20bn for end-user
financing by 2014.

The bank has also embarked on an ambitious project in conjunction with the
national and provincial departments of human settlements as well as targeted
municipalities to accelerate housing delivery by providing an end-to-end housing
solution.

This project is part of the government's Breaking New Ground (BNG) programme,
which seeks to provide affordable housing through an integrated approach geared
at promoting the quality of housing delivery.

The BNG replaces the Rural Development Programme.

As a result of this strategic partnership, Absa has merged its affordable
housing component - the End-User Finance, Development Company, the House
Empowerment (which focuses on project sponsoring) and Development Finance arms
into one business unit.

Absa is spearheading this programme through its housing delivery projects such
as the Olievenhoutbosch initiative, with Chief Albert Luthuli, Kagiso, Klarinet
and Knysna earmarked as follow-up developments.

Through its affordable housing development arm DevCo, Absa acquires land by
either purchasing it or partnering with the government to work on a common
housing development.

The bulk of the funding for these developments is provided by Commercial
Property Finance (CPF) with DevCo and CPF acting as feeders to Absa Home Loans.

All the housing projects are designed to accommodate schools, health facilities,
open public spaces, religious facilities, industrial and commercial
opportunities to encourage a quality work-life-play environment and integrated
communities.

The programme is expected to deliver about 100000 housing opportunities, of
which 65000 have already been created.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              368 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 19, 2013 Wednesday

Sires Introduces Bill to Revitalize Parks and Strengthen Urban Communities

LENGTH: 461  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the  House of Representative Albio Sires, U.S Government has issued
the following news release:

Today, Congressman Albio Sires introduced the Community Parks Revitalization
Act.  This legislation is modeled after the Urban Revitalization and Livable
Communities Act, which he introduced in the 111th and 112th Congresses with
strong bipartisan support.  The Community Parks Revitalization Act would create
federal, matching grant programs and secured loans to revitalize parks and park
infrastructure.

"In New Jersey's 8th district, our parks and green spaces play a key role in
creating vibrant, livable communities where people want to live and businesses
want to invest," said Congressman Sires. "With most Americans living in urban
and metropolitan regions, it's critical that we provide communities with the
tools they need to create new or rehabilitee existing parks and recreation
spaces."

This legislation would provide three types of federal grants and technical
assistance programs which must be matched with local funds.  Rehabilitation and
construction grants would aid local governments in rebuilding and expanding new
and existing parks and recreational facilities, while innovation grants would
address personnel, facility, equipment, and supply needs for parks and
recreation facilities.  In addition, the innovation grant would provide funds
for new or existing programs that provide opportunities for returning veterans
and active duty military and their families, or programs that provide
constructive alternatives for at-risk youth.  Lastly, recovery action program
grants would promote development of local park and recreation recovery action
programs by involving the community and youth to develop priorities and goals.

New to the Community Parks Revitalization Act is an innovative financing
mechanism that would establish a program for secured loans and loan guarantees
for the development of parks and recreation infrastructure.  This program,
modeled after the popular Transportation Infrastructure Innovative Financing Act
(TIFIA), would allow either large scale projects such as trail systems, or
multiple communities bundling multiple projects together, to take advantage of
low cost financing.

"At a time when many Americans are affected by deteriorating community
infrastructure, this bipartisan legislation would help to create jobs, reduce
crime, and create healthy, vibrant neighborhoods," said Sires.  "I have always
been a strong supporter of creating livable communities, and public parks and
recreation facilities help us achieve that important goal by improving health,
revitalizing local economies, and creating neighborhoods where people want to
live and work."

For further information please visit: http://sires.house.gov

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              369 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 8, 2017

                   LANGFORD COMMUNITY AND SPORTS ASSOCIATION

                   LANGFORD COMMUNITY AND SPORTS ASSOCIATION
                       STEEPLE LANGFORD RECREATION GROUND
                           THE WIRR STEEPLE LANGFORD
                               SALISBURY SP3 4ND


TRADE ADDRESS: Langford Community And Sports As Steeple Langford Recreation
Grou, SALISBURY SP3 4ND

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 08562515

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: June 10, 2013
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Denis James Harkin, Airline Pilot
     ·    Peter Dennis, Self Employed Electricion
     ·    Stephen Mark Wyre, Marketing Consultant


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    MrPhilip RobertMiles


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Operation of sports facilities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Normal   Medium sized unquoted company exempt from filing a
turnover figure

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
93110

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: June 30, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: June 30

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  June 30, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  March 5, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  July 11, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  15,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           30/06/201 30/06/201 30/06/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                      77        96         -
Other Current Assets                              77        96         -
Total Current Assets                              77        96         -
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                      77        96         0



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           30/06/201 30/06/201 30/06/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                77        96         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                 77        96         -
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                77        96         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   30/06/201 30/06/201 30/06/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed          77        96         0
Net Worth                 77        96         0
Working Capital           77        96         -
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets       -19.79      0      -
Current Assets     -19.79      -      -
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed   -19.79      0      -
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 3,000 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
92610 Operation of sports arenas and stadiums



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -2.63      .93     9.71
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -2.88      .26      6.3
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -5.96     1.12    12.16
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                 20    58.53   178.32
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        9.37        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .29      .95     2.08
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            12,151.8 19,969.6 28,809.4
                                                          3        5        9
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)     9,000 13,691.3 20,154.4
                                                                   6        2
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    20,200 34,261.5 53,636.3
                                                                   4        6
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  49.75    39.48     28.6



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  5
=        3
Year -1  5
=        3
Year -2  3
=        9
Year -3  -
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                0/06/201 30/06/201 30/06/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      1         1         -
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         0
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         0
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         0
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2017


                              370 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 7, 2016 Friday

Utah: Seven Foundations Facilitate $400 Million in USDA Loans to CDFIs

LENGTH: 361  words

DATELINE: New York



 Salt Lake City: Foundation Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:


 Through the collaboration, twenty-six CDFIs across the country will receive
Community Facilities grants ranging from $800,000 to $50 million to provide
long-term low-interest loans to organizations working to build, acquire,
maintain, or renovate essential community facilities; build the capacity of
local service providers; and/or finance critical services such as education,
health care, and infrastructure. The funds are being disbursed in partnership
with the Uplift America Fund, a $22 million initiative launched by MBRF with
additional support from the Ford, Heron, Northwest Area, Winthrop Rockefeller,
Bank of America, and JP Morgan Chase foundations. Designed to strengthen the
nonprofit lenders' position as borrowers, the grants can be used either as
reserves -- CDFIs will be required to hold $1 in reserve for every $5 they
borrow -- or for capacity-building initiatives. In addition, private financial
institutions led by Bank of America will provide loan guarantees of up to $100
million for the first five years of the program.


 "The unique partnership that has been established through the Uplift America
Fund and Community Facilities Relending Program will help us provide essential
services and improve quality of life in low-income, rural communities by
providing much-needed, long-term capital," said Michelle Mapp, CEO of the South
Carolina Community Loan Fund, which will use its Uplift America grant to
increase lending in the state's rural counties, many of which have poverty
levels of between 20 percent and 30 percent.
 "With vast expertise about the areas they serve, community development
organizations are uniquely positioned to tailor place-based solutions," said
Mary Reynolds Babcock Foundation executive director Justin Maxson. "Grants from
the Uplift America Fund enable these lenders to attract more federal dollars in
the short term, while building their capacity to address rural economic
challenges for the long term."




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              371 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 8, 2014 Wednesday

Scranton moves to reverse defaulted parking authority debt

BYLINE: Jim Lockwood, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 653 words


Oct. 08--To help restore Scranton's battered creditworthiness, the city and its
parking authority are planning to satisfy two defaulted bank loans that stem
from a larger default in 2012 on authority debt, officials said.

The city plans to have the newly reorganized parking authority issue up to $4
million in revenue notes to repay loans from Pennstar Bank and Landmark
Community Bank, and then pay this new debt with parking meter revenue, according
to Mayor Bill Courtright, city Business Administrator David Bulzoni, and
authority member Tom Borthwick.

The authority lost control of the garages to a court-appointed receiver in 2012,
after the former city council allowed a default of authority debt that the city
guarantees. SPA was no longer able to pay back loans, and the two banks filed
separate lawsuits against the authority.

Mr. Courtright's July recovery plan calls for the "monetization" of SPA's five
parking garages through a sale or lease to reduce the amount of SPA debt the
city guarantees, and restructuring the remaining "stranded" SPA debt.

However, the two delinquent bank loans likely would be black marks for potential
garage purchasers or investors, the officials said. Satisfying the loans would
remove such roadblocks and help repair the city's overall relationship with the
financial community, they added.

"By us making good on the parking authority (loans), that will show the
financial community we're serious about fixing this problem," Mr. Courtright
said.

Mr. Bulzoni said of the initiative, "It cleans up that defaulted mess that was
inherited" by the new administration and council that took office in January.

Mr. Borthwick, a new authority member, said, "Banks right now are not too keen
on lending to the city. If the institution (city government) that started this
cascade of problems is seen as getting its act together, maybe we'll see a
better day" for the city.

Pennstar, which loaned the authority $800,000 in 2009, received a judgment last
year against the authority for $565,322 in principal and prejudgment interest of
$58,738, with an interest penalty of 10.75 percent per year on the principal,
according to court documents.

Landmark had loaned the authority $2.9 million in 2011, and the outstanding
principal at the time of default was $2.6 million. Landmark has not sought a
judgment but the lawsuit remains pending.

Mostly inactive since the default, the authority reorganized Sept. 2 with
members retained or appointed by Mr. Courtright. On Sept. 24, the authority
approved a resolution to issue revenue notes of up to $4 million.

"The money would go to the banks (Pennstar and Landmark) to repay amounts they
had to charge off" from the unpaid loans, Mr. Bulzoni explained. "It's
satisfying debt that's been delinquent for a few years, to repair the
relationship with the banking community."

The $4 million in new debt would be backed by a pledge of repayment from money
the city receives from parking meters.

City Council is expected to vote Thursday on introducing a measure to authorize
paying the authority's new debt with the parking meter revenues, Mr. Bulzoni
said.

Contact the writer: jlockwood@timesshamrock.com, @jlockwoodTT on Twitter

Rejected commuter tax discussed

Scranton City Council met privately in an executive session Tuesday to discuss
potential legal options regarding the recently rejected commuter tax, officials
said.

Council President Bob McGoff and members Joe Wechsler, Bill Gaughan and Wayne
Evans, as well as council solicitor Amil Minora, administration solicitor Jason
Shrive and city Business Administrator David Bulzoni met privately for around 40
minutes.

Mr. McGoff said afterward, "The discussion was about the Act 205 commuter tax
ruling and possible legal options going forward."

-- JIM LOCKWOOD

___ (c)2014 The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pa.) Visit The Times-Tribune (Scranton,
Pa.) at thetimes-tribune.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20141008-YT-Scranton-moves-to-reverse-defaulted-parking-authority-debt-1008-2014
1008

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2014 The Times-Tribune


                              372 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    November 12, 1999, Friday, Final Edition

Greater Southeast's Fate Still Undecided; Legal Wrangling Over Bankrupt Hospital
Should Be Resolved Within a Week

Avram Goldstein, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B04

LENGTH: 867 words



The federal courthouse was closed and quiet for the holiday yesterday, with the
exception of a small, stuffy courtroom where dozens of testy lawyers and
executives spent all day arguing the fate of the only D.C. hospital east of the
Anacostia River.

Within a week--perhaps today--100,000 District residents who live near
cash-starved Greater Southeast Community Hospital will find out whether the
35-year-old facility is to be rescued or shut down so its land, buildings,
supplies and equipment can be offered for sale like salvaged auto parts.

If U.S. Bankruptcy Judge S. Martin Teel Jr. opts for liquidation, 1,100
employees will be thrown out of work, and Southeast Washington residents will
have to travel much farther to reach a full-service hospital. District
officials, who two months ago stopped the flow of taxpayer money keeping Greater
Southeast afloat, are standing by with an $ 800,000 plan to transport patients
out if the hospital closes.

Neighborhood health-care activists are keeping a courtroom vigil and hoping that
doesn't come to pass.

Greater Southeast has agreed to be purchased by Arizona-based Doctors Community
Healthcare Corp., which assured Teel that it has the financial backing to pay $
21 million for the facility and intends to complete the transaction by January.
Greater Southeast officials had resisted the firm's overtures beginning last
winter, but when city financing evaporated in September, Doctors Community
became their last hope.

They aren't the only ones who have changed their minds and shifted positions
almost daily.

The 280-bed hospital's creditors are owed $ 70 million, and only a week ago they
unanimously favored liquidation as the best way to recover the most money from
the bankruptcy process.

But this week, the creditors broke into factions. Those with the strongest legal
guarantees of recovering their money--a financing subsidiary of Daiwa Bank of
Japan that would recoup $ 11 million and the District government, which was
entitled to a $ 3.1 million loan repayment--are pushing for approval.

The unsecured creditors, including holders of $ 45 million worth of municipal
bonds sold by Greater Southeast, are trying to derail the sale. As one lawyer in
the case put it, those creditors are struggling with the fact that they will be
"getting a haircut" from a sale that will leave little in the pot for them to
split.

To help settlement talks along, Mayor Anthony A. Williams (D) and leaders of the
D.C. Council and the D.C. financial control board sacrificed the city's
guarantee of recovering its $ 3.1 million loan in order to entice Doctors
Community to stay in the deal.

The talks almost succeeded yesterday. Several lawyers said the creditors were
within $ 300,000 of compromising, but the talks pulled apart before the hearing.

The creditors who favor liquidation called expert witnesses to testify that the
hospital and related assets are worth $ 26 million and to portray the buyer as
unreliable.

"There is no way Doctors [Community] can close this transaction," said Bernard
A. Katz, a certified public accountant. He predicted that the buyer's lender,
National Century Financial Enterprises, would use loopholes to back out of the
deal after it learns how bad things are at the hospital.

But in a telephone cross-examination from his office in Dublin, Ohio, National
Century Chairman Lance Poulsen told Teel that even if the hospital's financial
situation is found to be worse than it seems, he still would be ready to provide
the entire financing.

Time after time, he enunciated the amount of his firm's loan pledge to Doctors
Community: "Twenty . . . one . . . million . . . dollars."

Attorneys for the hospital, Doctors Community and Daiwa argued that even if the
facility is liquidated, there would be no bonanza for creditors. Whatever sum
they recovered would be reduced by $ 16 million before creditors would get a
dime because of laws requiring two months' severance pay to all employees, among
other things.

The creditors dispute the accuracy of that number.

After the hearing, Doctors Community chief executive Paul R. Tuft said he hopes
the judge will decide the matter today.

"We want to do the deal. We have a firm commitment to do the deal," he said.
"The liquidation scenario doesn't hold water. We made a compelling case to move
forward and save the hospital for the community."

Time is running out for the hospital. Next Thursday is payday, and the patient
census is declining. It fell from 172 last week to 140 Wednesday, partly because
D.C. emergency medical services officials on Monday diverted ambulances from
Greater Southeast's emergency room out of concern that the hospital might close.

However the case ends, the lawyers already have run up enormous bills. At
individual rates exceeding $ 300 an hour, one consultant estimated that court
hearings are costing $ 8,500 an hour in attorneys' fees.

The creditors' attorneys recently budgeted $ 1.5 million in legal fees just for
November and December, according to a source, and Teel will have to decide how
much of that to award.

Whatever fees the judge grants will come from the estate.


LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              373 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 3, 2014 Tuesday

Agriculture, Rural Housing Service: LOAN SPECLST (COMML) (Community Programs
Specialist) LA-2014-0016

LENGTH: 3532  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job announcement:

Job Title:LOAN SPECLST (COMML) (Community Programs Specialist)

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Agriculture, Rural Housing Service

Job Announcement Number:LA-2014-0016
SALARY RANGE:
 $47,923.00 to $90,344.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Monday, June 02, 2014 to Monday, June 09, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1165-09/12
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
12
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy in the following location:
Lafayette, LA View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Applications will be accepted only from current career/career-conditional
Louisiana USDA Rural Development employees and current USDA CTAP eligibles
within the local commuting area of the position.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Public Trust - Background Investigation
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

Full-time - Permanent
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    Occasional travel may be required.

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.

    Time-in-grade must be met by the closing date of this announcement.
    Relocation expenses will not be paid.
    Must submit Form OGE 450 within 30 days of appointment.

DUTIES:
Back to top

The Loan Specialist (Commercial), Community Programs Specialist assists the Area
Director in leading Rural Development efforts throughout the State. The
incumbent is recognized as an expert by making and servicing complex and
difficult loans, loan guarantees and grants under Rural Utility Service and
Community Facility authorities and provides credit and technical assistance to
Rural America, business concerns, local governments, and communities within the
geographical limits of the state.

Assists in the development and implementation of Rural Development's marketing
program for the service area under the supervision of the Area Director.
Develops and maintains relationships with community officials, organizations,
and individuals to assist in marketing Rural Development programs and services.

Assists in planning and participates in, activities, conferences, and events
that market Rural Development programs and services. Maintains a basic knowledge
of all Rural Development programs and services to be able to assist all internal
and external customers. Provides input into increasing the effectiveness of
Rural Development's marketing program.

Serves as a technical expert on processing and servicing Community Programs'
loan and grants. These programs include loans and loan guarantees for water and
wast disposal, community facilities, enhancement of private credit structures
for the creation of employment, business development, and pollution abatement.
Provides advice and assistance on a variety of loan making and servicing
methods, analysis of borrowers records and operations, rural development, and
handling of legal and problem cases, etc. Recommends action to higher
supervisory levels for applications and/or servicing problems that exceed
delegated authority.

Gives guidance to borrowers in carrying out approved management practices,
including proper use of credit, income and other financial resources.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

To qualify at the GS-9: Applicants must possess one (1) year of specialized
experience at the GS-7; or its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrates a
knowledge of commercial, community and/or other types of technical loans,
competence in reviewing loan application packages for commercial and/or other
bank loans and taking action within delegated loan approval authority;
competence servicing a loan portfolio of a bank or loan association or similar
work OR possess a Master's or equivalent graduate degree OR two (2) full years
of progressively higher level graduate education leading to such a degree or
LL.B. or J.D., if related.

To qualify at the GS-11: Applicants must possess one (1) year of specialized
experience at the GS-9; or its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrates a
working knowledge and understanding of commercial loan making/servicing and
credit principles and practices in order to assess the fundamental soundness of
commercial loans and to examine applications, supporting documents, and credit
reports, and maintain servicing activities on a variety of commercial loans of
large-scale. Experience may have been gained in work equivalent to reviewing and
passing upon applications for a variety of loans or by servicing a loan
portfolio of a bank or other loan association OR possess a Ph.D. or equivalent
doctoral degree OR three (3) years of progressively higher level graduate
education leading to such a degree or LL.M. if related.

To qualify at the GS-12: Applicants must possess one (1) year of specialized
experience at the GS-11; or its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrates
thorough knowledge and understanding of commercial loan making/servicing and
credit principles and practices in order to independently assess the fundamental
soundness of loans and to independently examine applications, supporting
documents and maintain servicing activities on a variety of commercial loans.
Experience may have been gained in work equivalent to reviewing and passing upon
applications for a variety of loans or by servicing a loan portfolio of a bank
or other loan association; performing financial analysis of commercial concerns
for investment purposes; appraising real estate to determining property
valuation; or similar work. NOTE: There is no education substitution for
experience at the GS-12 level.

Undergraduate and Graduate Education : Major fields of study - finance, business
administration, economics, accounting, insurance, engineering, mathematices,
banking and credit, law, real estate operations, statistics, or other fields
related to the position, such as agriculture, agricultural economics, farm,
livestock or ranch management, or rural sociology.

NOTE: To be considered for this position, you must meet all qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the GS-1165 series set forth in the Office of
Personnel Management (OPM) Qualifications Standards by the closing date of the
announcement. A copy is available at
https://www.opm.gov/qualifications/index.asp.


All academic degrees or course work must be completed in an educational
institution that has obtained accreditation from an accrediting body recognized
by the U.S. Department of Education.  For a list of schools that meet this
criteria, see http://www.edu.gov/.

o  Have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by Direct
Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer.
o  Selectee must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance. If
selected you may be subject to a National Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a
credit report inquiry.
o  CONFIDENTIAL FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE REPORT: If selected, you will be required
to submit Form OGE-450 within 30 days of your initial appointment date, and
annually thereafter. Selectee is subject to financial Disclosure Requirements in
accordance with 5 CFR, Part 2635, Sub part E regarding business or personal
transactions with applicants, borrowers, or business contacts who have or who
are seeking business with this Agency. Selectee must be able to obtain and
maintain a security clearance. If selected you will be subject to a National
Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a credit report.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

The category rating procedure is used to rank and select eligible candidates.
Under category rating, applicants who meet basic minimum qualification
requirements established for the position and job related competencies have been
assessed are ranked by being placed in one of the following categories: Best
Qualified, Well Qualified, and Qualified. Preference eligibles are listed ahead
of non-preference eligibles within each category.
    You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Knowledge of Commercial and Community Programs servicing requirements.
        Knowledge of Commercial and Community Programs servicing requirements.
        Knowledge of Building Standards, Costs, Specifications and Contracts.
        Program Administration/Project Management.
        Supervision.
        Oral Communication.
        Written Communication.

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rhs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=6456114a-f402-
465b-9066-a33e00d7ab78

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:

<a
href="http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-
employee-enrollment/">http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollm
ent/new-federal-employee-enrollment/</a>

The Federal Government offers a comprehensive benefits package.  Explore the
major benefits offered to most Federal employees at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/


OTHER INFORMATION:
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50,
and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency.  CTAP/ICTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a
rating of 80 or above.  Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPM's
Career Transition Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
o  If you are selected for a position with further promotion potential, you will
be placed under a career development plan, and may be non-competitively promoted
if you successfully complete the requirements and if recommended by management.
However, promotion is neither implied nor guaranteed.
o  Relocation expenses are not authorized.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
o  Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc) should contact:
USDA's TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Central Standard Time on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A resume should be provided. It should include relevant work experience
(start/end dates stated in month/year, description of duties and salary),
applicable education at a minimum, and your contact information. For current or
previous Federal employees, it should also include the Pay Plan, Series and
Grade for each work experience entry.
    For current or previous Federal employees, please attach a copy of your most
recent SF-50 or agency notification of personnel action form that provides
current position, grade level, and duty location.
    If you are a veteran claiming Veterans' Preference, please attach your
DD-214 "Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty," showing all dates
of service, receipt of medals and campaign badges, as well as character of
service (Honorable, General, etc.). The member 4 copy of your DD-214,
"Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty," is preferable.
    When applying for Federal Jobs, eligible veterans should claim preference on
their application or resume. Applicants claiming 10-point preference must
complete Standard Form (SF) 15, "Application for 10-Point Veteran Preference",
and submit the requested documentation.
    If you are a veteran claiming Sole Survivor Preference, please attach your
SSP documentation.
    Please provide a copy of your College transcript(s) which support those
qualifications for which you wish to have considered.
    Please provide your proof of disability.

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
Central Standard Time, on the closing date. The following documents are required
for your application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible
for incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail
service, your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required,
legible documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.
    College Transcripts if education is required for meeting basic
qualifications and/or used as a substitute for specialized experience. An
unofficial copy is sufficient however, if selected; an official college
transcript will be required prior to entering on duty. Education must have been
successfully completed and obtained from an accredited school, college, or
university. Foreign education must be evaluated by an approved organization. For
additional information, refer to the U.S. Department of Education web site at
http://www.ed.gov. All transcripts must be in English or include an English
translation.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current/Former Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    Veteran Hiring Authorities: (VEOA, VRA, and 30% Disabled Veterans): DD-214
(Member 4 Copy). Disabled veterans must include your VA letter & SF-15 if
claiming 10 pt. preference. Current active duty members must submit a
certification that they are expected to be discharged or released from active
duty under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the
certification is submitted.
    CTAP/ICTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force
Separation Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency
certification; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating
your separation or the position from which you will be separated.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Rachel Ross
Phone: 318-473-7620
Fax: 318-473-7963
Email: rachel.ross@la.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA Rural Development
3727 Government Street
Alexandria, LA,
71302
United States
Fax: 318-473-7963
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov/

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              374 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Philippines Daily Inquirer

                            December 2, 2014 Tuesday

The promise of LGU bonds

LENGTH: 935  words


What do the Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco, the Eiffel Tower in Paris, and
the Taipei 101 Tower (one of the tallest buildings in the world) have in common?
Answer: These world landmarks were financed wholly or partly by municipal bonds.
These are debt securities that local government units (LGUs) issue to raise
money for public projects, such as public markets, fish ports, bus terminals,
hospitals, lowcost housing, and other special projects. When you buy a municipal
bond, you are lending money to the LGU that issued the bond. In return, the
borrowing LGU promises to pay you a specified amount of interest, usually
semiannually, and return your money at a specified maturity date.

Most Philippine LGUs have yet to discover bond financing as a way to raise funds
to finance needed local infrastructure projects, especially income generating
ones. And yet, local government bonds have been around for centuries elsewhere.
In the United States and other mature economies, municipal bonds, also known as
"munis," account for a major portion of all bond issuances in their capital
markets. In the United States, for example, about $366billion worth of municipal
bonds were issued last year, and a total of $3.7 trillion were outstanding and
actively circulating. Local projects financed through municipal bonds amounted
to 2.5 times more than those funded out of the federal budget.

Among our betterknown municipal bondfinanced projects is the Caticlan Jetty
Port, familiar to anyone who has been to the resort island of Boracay. To
construct this facility, the province of Aklan floated P40million worth of bonds
in 1999. Subsequent municipal bond floats in the country include those for
Tagaytay City's P220million convention center and Antipolo City's P400million
commercial complex.

Aside from floating municipal bonds, an LGU has several options for funding a
local infrastructure project. It may, of course, use its internal revenue
allotment (IRA) from the national government, or its locally generated revenues
such as real property taxes and local business taxes. Or it may secure a loan
from a government financial institution (GFI) like the Development Bank of the
Philippines or the Land Bank of the Philippines. For the GFI, the loan is
virtually free of risk because the LGU's IRA normally becomes a direct
collateral for the loan. This means that in the event of default, the GFI may
intercept the borrower LGU's IRA fund releases from the Department of Budget and
Management.

Still another option is for the LGU to go via the publicprivate partnership
(PPP) route, also known as the buildoperatetransfer (BOT) mode. Here, a private
firm finances and constructs the facility and is given the right to operate it
and collect user fees to recover its investment and earn a reasonable profit.

Each financing mode above has its own advantages and disadvantages depending on
the peculiar circumstances and the nature of the projects to be financed.

From a broader perspective, a particular appeal of municipal bond financing is
the way it helps widen and deepen the capital markets. In particular, it expands
the range of choices of investment instruments available to savers and
investors. For one thing, municipal bonds can help channel rural savings and
overseas workers' remittances toward development of the localities where their
families reside, giving them a direct stake and involvement in improving their
own communities. Tagaytay City deliberately allotted a portion of the bond float
for its convention center to small savers, thereby enabling its citizens to have
a direct stake in the facility.

Abroad, municipal bonds are a popular investment instrument for small and large
savers alike, especially because their earnings are usually tax exempt. Such tax
exemption is desirable and necessary to offset the added transaction costs
(underwriting fees, guarantee fees, and other costs) associated with floating a
local bond, as against simply taking a GFI loan. Without such exemption, LGUs
are likely to favor bank loans, and investors would have little incentive to buy
the bonds over alternative interestearning assets like Treasury bills, trust
accounts and mutual funds. Not surprisingly, the main buyers so far of our
municipal bonds have been the big banks themselves, making the bond issues no
different from a syndicated loan to the LGU. Furthermore, many of the bond
issuances are being prepaid before maturity by the issuing LGUs and converted to
loans by GFIs, who are happy to push more loans with riskfree clients such as
LGUs. But such practice undermines the capital marketdeepening effect of
municipal bonds.

In reality, we have yet to see our government pursue a policy of promoting
LGUbond financing. For the reasons described above, there should be. A basic
requirement is that the tax exemptions commonly given elsewhere be also granted
on LGU bond earnings here. It also requires that there be a good credit rating
system for LGUs, and a good LGU credit guarantee mechanism in place. Both are
already being partly fulfilled by the LGU Guarantee Corporation, but needs
further expansion to widen its scope and coverage. And for LGU bonds to be
instrumental in deepening our capital markets, we need to have a wellworking
fixed income exchangei.e., the counterpart of a stock market for trading
fixedincome assets like bonds. Some baby steps have been made in these
directions in the past years, but it's time to make greater strides so that
through better local resource mobilization, we can help fill our glaring
infrastructure gap both at national and local levels.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Philippines Daily Inquirer
                              All Rights Reserved


                              375 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Free Press Journal (India)

                           January 30, 2013 Wednesday

Govt will recommend SC status for Sen community: CM

BYLINE: FPJ Bureau

LENGTH: 551  words


BHOPAL: The Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chauhan announced a number of
facilities for the Sen Community members, traditionally engaged in hairdressing,
at the " Kesh Shilpi Panchayat" at the Chief Minister's house here on Tuesday.

He said that sports will be specified for hairdressers in urban and rural areas.
Hairdressers will be imparted training in modern techniques while women
belonging to the community will also be encouraged to receive formal training as
beautician. The government will facilitate the community's youths in obtaining
loans for self- employment.

Financial assistance will be also be ensured for loans from Rs. 50 thousand up
to Rs. 2 lakh. Bank guarantee, loan subsidy and margin money will also be given
to loan seekers.

The State Government will provide land and requisite funds for construction of
memorial of Saint Sen Maharaj at his birthplace Bandhavgarh in Umaria district.
The teachings and spiritual literature Sen Maharaj will be published.

Chauhan said that a proposal will be forwarded to the Centre urging it to enlist
Sen Community as scheduled caste. Chauhan said that hairdressers' families will
be covered under ' Deendayal Antyodaya Upchar ojana' and State Illness Fund.
Their children will be given scholarship from first standard on wards. Loan
guarantee will also be extended for higher studies. Coverage of Janshree
insurance scheme will also be available. The Chief Minister felicitated Jai
Narayan Bhati, who holds world record in the art of hair dressing.

Describing members of Sen community as honest and hard working, Urban
Administration and Development Minister Babulal Gaur said that the State
Government was working for the poor, farmers and deprived sections that need
social protection. Minister of State for Urban Administration and Development
Manohar Oontwal read out a message of Swami Achalananda Maharaj.

Chauhan refused to accept the demand for government land for ' Dharmashala'. He
said the Supreme Court's decision had barred giving government land to any
community without proper guidelines.

The government is in the process of preparing guideline for land allotment at
present. Chauhan also announced to provide benefit of mukhyamantri kanyadan
yojana- Rs 15000 to each couple getting married under the scheme- to all married
couples who will take part in community's mass marriage function. If at least
five marriages are performed at a time, then they will be entitled for the
benefit.

Members of Sen community from different parts of the state raised demand for
representation in government and assembly tickets to some of its leaders. They
said, the community was deprived of its right and honour only because of lack of
representation in the system. Sen community has six lakh families with 18 lakh
voters in the state. The government has so far marginalised them.

Besides demanding to incorporation in scheduled caste list from their present
status as Other backward classes ( OBC), they said most of the castes which were
enlisted as backward in 1945, were included in scheduled caste but the union
government denied the statue to Sen community on the ground that they were not
untouchability.

Community's national vice- president Subhash Verma, Heeralal Shrivas, state
president Nandkishore Verma and Raghuveer Shrivas spoke on the occasion.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2013 Indian National Press Bombay Ltd, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              376 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            May 28, 2014, Wednesday

Staats project gets more support

BYLINE: Caitlin Cook, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1C

LENGTH: 521 words


Plans to renovate and redevelop the historic Staats Hospital on Charleston's
West Side received some extra backing from the Charleston Area Alliance Tuesday.

Alliance board members voted to guarantee a $155,000 loan from First Bank of
Charleston to Bullock Properties LLC, which is redeveloping the building.

"When you have that kind of facility, which is in grave condition, it takes a
community approach, Charleston Area Alliance President Matt Ballard said. "Us
guaranteeing the loan gives the private bank some additional security and risk
mitigation they would not have otherwise.

The Alliance's guarantee will be secured by a second lien on the property and/or
a personal guarantee from one or more members of the Bullock family.

Ballard said his group listed the vacant building as its most endangered
building last year, and it was listed by the Preservation Alliance of West
Virginia in 2012 as one of the state's most endangered structures.

The structure was built in 1922 by the Staats brothers, one of whom was a
doctor, and designed by John Norman, one of West Virginia's first registered
black architects.

Tighe Bullock, 24, of Bullock Properties, told the Gazette earlier this month
the Elk River and Interstate 64 create "a mental barrier between the West Side
and downtown Charleston. Bullock said he wants more connectivity between the two
and sees the West Side's potential as "an expansion of the downtown. "Phase one
of the project entails providing a sound roof for the building, replacing all
windows, a new facade. David Hardy, an Alliance board member and Kanawha County
Commission, said there's a night and day difference to having developers who
have "skin in the game.

"It's a real shot in the arm for the West Side of Charleston and West Washington
Street. We feel confident we have the right developers, Hardy said. "This
building was owned by an out-of-state company in Florida who bought it in a tax
sale in 2010, who had no interest in it.

Developers will work from the bottom up making the first floor, street-front
space a priority. Developers expect phase one to be complete by November 2014.
They expect the first floor to be open for class B office space or retail by
Feb. 1, 2015.

No Alliance members opposed the guarantee, but Hardy objected to discussing the
loan guarantee in closed session, saying it was not necessary.

A variety of community organizations are providing funds for the $520,000
project.

The Charleston Urban Renewal Authority is leading the way with a $230,000 loan.
In addition to guaranteeing the project's private bank loan, the Charleston Area
Alliance gave a $15,000 grant. Two $20,000 Facade grants were also provided.

The Bullock family contributed $80,000 toward the purchase of the building.

"You can't just find one person that is going to show up and write a check for a
million dollars to renovate a building in that condition, Hardy said. "You have
to bring together grant money, some public money but you have to have the
private money too. And this project has the private money and a proven track
record.

Reach Caitlin Cook at caitlin.cook@wvgazette.com or 304-348-5113.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Charleston Newspapers


                              377 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                          September 24, 2011 Saturday

Pakistan: SBP to make banking services accessible to all: Qasim Nawaz

LENGTH: 486 words

DATELINE: KARACHI


KARACHI, Sept. 24 -- The State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) is

committed to use all possible means to make the banking services

accessible to all segments of the society.

This was stated by Managing Director of SBP Banking Services

Corporation Qasim Nawaz while inaugurating a two-day Banking

Exhibition in Gujranwala on Friday, according to a SBP statement

released here.

Qasim Nawaz highlighted various initiatives taken or being taken by the

State Bank to facilitate the underserved sectors of the economy in the

field of agriculture, SME (small and medium enterprises) and microfinance which
include ongoing review of policy and regulatory environment to promote SME,
agriculture and micro finance as a viable and mainstream business

activity for banking industry.

In addition, the Central Bank is also undertaking review of

existing Prudential Regulations for SME Financing to develop separate

Small Enterprises & Medium Enterprises. When implemented, this

exercise will facilitate small enterprises' access to bank credit and

consequently raise their share in bank loans, he added.

There is also a move to introduce Credit Guarantee Scheme for Small

& Rural Enterprises (CGS) to share credit risk with banks (upto 40%)

with the objective of increasing banks lending in neglected sectors/

areas. Around 2,000 accounts have been issued guarantee under CGS.

Rs 925 million have been disbursed to small and rural enterprises under

CGS and SBP shares risk worth Rs. 392.5 million with commercial banks

for their lending to this sector, he maintained.

Qasim Nawaz said that introduction of Microfinance Credit

Guarantee Facility was also under study for resolving liquidity

problems for Microfinance Banks/Microfinance Institutions. Ten

MFBs/MFIs have been provided funding facilities worth Rs. 2.8 billion

under the scheme by banks. SBP BSC has provided guarantee cover of Rs.

805 million for the lending by commercial banks to MFB/MFIs.

Moreover, crash training programme will be conducted for the SME

and agricutlure credit officers of banks. Special capacity building

programmes for MFBs/MFIs and Islamic banks are also in the pipeline.

The finance institutions will also be given access to electronic

Credit Information Bureau (CIB) MFIs to assess the credit worthiness

and to avoid over indebtedness of small borrowers, the MD added.

He said linkages will be establlished with all the key

stakeholders both at country level as well as the district/region

level to adopt a collaborative strategy to help facilitate the

entrepreneurs and rural communities in accessing financial services

from banks.

He was hopeful that the Banking Exhibition at Gujranwala

would go a long way in improving access to finance to the lower

segment of the borrowers of the regio Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this article or
any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              378 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                               May 7, 2007 Monday

In Focus: Bill Would Lift Muni Role for Small Banks

BYLINE: Steven Sloan

SECTION: WASHINGTON; Pg. 1 Vol. 172 No. 87

LENGTH: 1217  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Federal Home Loan banks moved a small step closer last week toward winning a
power they have sought for nearly a decade: the ability to guarantee tax-exempt
bonds.

Legislation introduced last week in the House would allow community banks to
help finance local projects, such as a new hospital wing, and earn more fee
income in the process.

Critics, including private bond insurers, contend that giving the Home Loan
banks the authority to issue "standby letters of credit" for tax-exempt bonds is
a power grab that would hand their business to a government-favored institution.

The Home Loan banks counter that the prime beneficiaries would be small and
rural communities.

"This is not as though we're going to be assisting JPMorgan rebuild New York
City," said John Price, the president and chief executive of the Home Loan Bank
of Pittsburgh. "We are mandated by Congress to help smaller community banks do
more community development work. ... I'm simply closing the loop and saying,
'Give us this tool in our arsenal.' "

The three-sentence tax bill introduced by Rep. Sander Levin, D-Mich., faces
substantial hurdles, but it would help cash-strapped local governments, its
author said.

"At a time when many municipal budgets are stretched, it is important that we
allow the Federal Home Loan banks, through their member institutions, to help
communities construct water treatment facilities, build new fire stations, add a
wing to a public hospital, or improve needed recreational facilities," Rep.
Levin wrote in an e-mail to American Banker. "The needs are almost limitless,
but resources unfortunately are not, and this legislation will help those scarce
resources go farther."

The tax-exempt bonds could prove a new revenue source for the Home Loan banks
and their members. Other government-sponsored enterprises, including Fannie Mae
and Freddie Mac, already have the authority to issue credit enhancements similar
to a standby letter of credit. Bond issuers vie for these instruments because it
makes their fund-raising efforts cheaper.

Under current law, community banks have the power to issue a letter of credit,
which commits the bank to repaying a debt if the issuer defaults. The problem
for many institutions is that they typically do not have a strong enough credit
rating for a letter to offer significant savings for the project, making it less
attractive for a bond issuer.

But each Home Loan bank has a stellar credit rating, which it could pass on to
its member banks if Rep. Levin's bill were approved. As a result, the Home Loan
bank could confer its credit rating on the debt issuer, which would be able to
raise money at lower interest rates and under flexible terms.

Community and Home Loan banks both stand to gain from such an arrangement,
because they can charge fees to back the bond. Industry representatives said the
bill would help both banks and their communities.

"These transactions with local municipalities can be very important to the
health of the community, and that's very critical to the bank," said Steve
Verdier, a lobbyist for the Independent Community Bankers of America.

But critics of the legislation, including private insurers, argue that it would
give the Home Loan banks an unfair advantage over the private sector. They say
that the only reason the Home Loan banks have such a strong credit rating is
because of a belief that the federal government would bail them out in the event
of a failure.

"The private sector ... fully serves the public municipal bond market," Gary
Dunton, the president and CEO of MBIA Inc., said last month at an American
Enterprise Institute conference on the topic. "Our guarantees have helped
thousands of municipalities to build infrastructure and services to taxpayers at
significantly reduced costs."

Still, MBIA's most recent annual report said that just 7.2% of its business
stemmed from deals of less than $10 million - the very bonds the community and
Home Loan banks hope to pursue.

Other observers say they are wary of letting another GSE grow beyond its
original housing focus. Such growth landed Fannie and Freddie in accounting
scandals and sparked GSE reform efforts.

"It gets to the question of should the GSEs be granted additional power," said
Bert Ely, an independent consultant in Alexandria, Va., and a frequent GSE
critic. "There are more important fish for the Federal Home Loan banks to fry.
... They just don't need it."

The technicalities of tax policy come into play in this debate. Congress gave
Fannie and Freddie, along with several other GSEs, specific authority to back
tax-exempt debt in 1984, but the Home Loan banks were left off the list.

That setup prompted the Internal Revenue Service to argue that Congress did not
want the Home Loan banks to have that authority. As a result, the IRS required
the Home Loan Bank System to convert any bonds it backs into taxable debt.

Mr. Price argues the interpretation has put the system at a disadvantage as its
community development requirements have grown in the past two decades. "It's not
only an oversight, but it's awkward. It's an asymmetry in our mission versus our
authority," he said.

The Home Loan banks have issued standby letters of credit for taxable debt since
1983 and won approval to back tax-exempt housing bonds in 1989. They also can
back public units of deposit, such as a payroll account for a public school
system. The value of letters in these three categories at the 12 banks totaled
$20 billion on Dec. 31, accounting for 2% of the Home Loan Bank System's total
assets.

While the standby letters of credit may not take up much room on the banks'
books, the business grew 84.5% last year.

The Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati issued the most standby letters of credit; its
total grew 26.8% last year, to $6.5 billion. In its annual report, the bank
attributed its growth to new business from one member that needed backing for a
public unit of deposit. A spokesman for the bank would not identify the member.

Despite such growth, most Home Loan bank officials say they doubt a flood of new
business would come their way if Rep. Levin's legislation were approved.

"I don't think this is going to be a blockbuster business, but there would be
demand among local governments," said Alfred DelliBovi, the president and CEO of
the Home Loan Bank of New York.

Even if demand is low, supporters of the legislation say it would be a success
if it helped just a few local projects get off the ground.

"There's no interest or need to get into the bigger deals," said Charles
Samuels, a lawyer in the Washington office of Mintz Levin Cohn Ferris Glovsky &
Popeo PC, who represents groups supporting the bill. "Even if it's just a few
institutions each year, it's worthwhile to have this opportunity."

Still, the bill could have a hard time gaining traction in Congress. Lawmakers
have considered similar proposals twice in the past decade, and the Treasury
Department opposed the idea during the Clinton administration. But Mr. Verdier
said lawmakers are catching on that the legislation is good politics.

"Banks can fund these essential infrastructure projects, and ... [lawmakers]
might even get invited to a ribbon-cutting ceremony. This is helping the home
folks at no cost to anybody," he said.

http://www.americanbanker.com/ http://www.sourcemedia.com/

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo, Levin, Price

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: a


                        Copyright 2007 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              379 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                           February 22, 2011 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

MONEY TO GROW Loan programs provide businesses with working capital

BYLINE: CLAYTON PARKBUSINESS WRITER, CLAYTON PARK - BUSINESS WRITER

SECTION: SECTION A; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 840  words


After getting turned down for business loans by several big banks, DeLand car
dealer J. Brendan Hurley decided to give a small local bank a try.

Pinnacle Bank in Orange City in March agreed to lend $560,000 to Hurley through
a U.S. Small Business Administration program in which the federal agency
guarantees a large portion of the loan amount.

That SBA loan enabled Hurley to expand his business by adding Dodge to the
Chrysler-Jeep dealership he already operated.

Within just a few months of receiving that loan, Hurley had added several
workers, thanks to a doubling of his dealership's service volume. A Wall Street
Journal article in August about the SBA's 7(a) loan program included comments by
Hurley about his experience.

The fact that I had a commitment from Pinnacle sealed the deal to get the Dodge
franchise," he told The Wall Street Journal. David Bridgeman, Pinnacle
president, said the SBA's loan programs have allowed his bank to continue
issuing loans to area businesses at a time when many community banks are
refraining from making commercial loans because of the economy and pressure from
federal regulators on banks to increase their capital levels.

The beauty of the SBA's 7(a) program for community banks "is that the (SBA's)
guaranteed portion of the loan does not count against your capital ratios,"
Bridgeman said. "Without having a tool like the SBA, you're limited in what you
can do."

The flip side, Bridgeman said, is the extensive reporting requirements and
restrictions for banks that come with agreeing to become a SBA lender.

In 2009, Pinnacle issued 11 SBA 7(a) loans worth a combined $3 million, up from
just two loans each in 2007 and 2008. Last year, that number increased to 16 SBA
loans by Pinnacle, worth a combined $4.6 million, according to the SBA, whose
fiscal year runs from Oct. 1 through Sept. 30.

Through the first three months of fiscal 2011, Pinnacle has already issued five
SBA loans worth nearly $1.5 million.

Hurley, in a phone interview, said he used money from his SBA loan last year to
build a new storage/parking facility and to purchase the equipment and parts he
needed to add the Dodge dealership. He said he is in the process of securing a
second SBA loan from Pinnacle, this time for $4 million.

Bridgeman said the second loan from his bank to Hurley likely also will be an
SBA 7(a) loan.

Hurley plans to use the proceeds to begin construction of a new building for his
three dealerships that will be nearly three times the size of his present
1970s-era building.

The 14,000-square-foot building, which Hurley hopes will be completed by early
July, will include a larger car showroom and customer lounge, and will enable
him to hire an additional 20 workers.

Hurley Chrysler Jeep Dodge employs 38 workers, up 10 workers from a year ago, he
said.

SBA 7(a) loans are intended for use in either establishing a new business or in
assisting an existing business to make an acquisition, expand and/or to cover
its continuing operations, according to the agency's website.

The proceeds, according to the SBA, cannot be used to refinance existing debt,
effect a partial change in ownership or a change that will not benefit the
business, reimburse funds owed to any owner or investor, repay delinquent state
or federal withholding taxes, or for a "non-sound business purpose."

Under the 7(a) program, SBA offers to guarantee up to 85 percent of loans under
$150,000 and up to 75 percent of loans over that amount, up to $5 million, with
the lending bank assuming the risk for the rest of the amount.

SBA 504 loans are designed to help businesses acquire major fixed assets for
expansion or modernization.

SBA 504 loans don't involve a guarantee from the SBA, however, according to
SBA's website, the federal agency purchases a second mortgage that covers up to
40 percent of the project cost. A loan secured from a private-sector lender with
a senior lien covers up to 50 percent of the project cost. A contribution from
the borrower of at least 10 percent covers the remainder of the project cost.

Intracoastal Bank in Palm Coast issued seven SBA 504 loans last year worth a
combined $4.7 million and, so for this year, has three applications for 504
loans totaling $3.7 million, said bank president Bruce Page.

We plan on continuing to put a greater emphasis on our 504 program," Page said.

So far, Intracoastal, a bank launched in 2008, has stayed away from issuing SBA
7(a) loans, although Page added: "We constantly are evaluating our products and
services."

Conversely, while Pinnacle has one of the more active SBA 7(a) lenders in the
Volusia-Flagler area, it didn't issue a single 504 loan last year.

That might change this year, Bridgeman said. "We will now be looking at both
products based on the specific loan request and what is best for the borrower
and the bank."

All SBA lending is about one thing and one thing only: that's job creation,"
said Larry McDermott, a vice president of business development at Intracoastal
Bank. "You cannot qualify for an SBA loan without agreeing to create jobs."

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Caption: Photo 1: This is an architect's rendering of the future new
building for Hurley Chrysler Jeep Dodge in DeLand that is set to be built with
the help of an SBA loan from Pinnacle Bank. Hurley ChryslerPhoto 2: David
BridgemanPhoto 3: Bruce Page

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2011 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2011 News-Journal Corporation


                              380 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Star News (Wilmington NC)

                          November 30, 2005, Wednesday

Historic church site saved; Foundation, BB&T team up on loan effort

SECTION: New Hanover County Neighbors; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 380 words


The Historic Wilmington Foundation has a history of using creative strategies
such as preservation easements or moving houses to save threatened historic
properties.

Recently the group announced a partnership with BB&T to help Central Missionary
Baptist Church save its parsonage at 716 Red Cross St. through a loan guarantee.

The historic house sat unused and deteriorating for years as the church wrestled
with ways to restore the asset. Now church trustee board members Eva Williams,
Paul McGill and Margaret Peoples are excitedly watching as the old house is
restored for new use as a rental property.

Eva Williams, the chairwoman of the trustee boardj, said, "The project is a
realization of a 10-year dream. Historic Wilmington and BB&T have come to our
rescue, and our members are grateful."

The church will use the income from the rental of the rehabilitated house to
provide additional money to restore and maintain the historic church building,
which has also been listed in the past as a threatened site by Historic
Wilmington.

The trustees also thanked the city's Code Enforcement staff for allowing them
the time to develop a workable plan to save the historic house.

Historic Wilmington Foundation's Urban Properties Committee, lead by Michael
Murchison with aid from committee member Matt Scharf worked with BB&T's
small-business banker Cheryl Cooper to put together a loan for the church. The
loan has normal underwriting, but Historic Wilmington Foundation brought its
financial strength to the package to guarantee the loan during the very critical
construction phase.

"I love to make this kind of loan because it reinvests in our community, and it
helps renew a neighborhood," Cooper said.

"Historic Wilmington is excited that its revolving fund will assist Central
Missionary Baptist," said George Edwards, Historic Wilmington Foundation
executive director.

"The foundation has saved dozens of houses over the years with this fund, and it
is wonderful to be able to leverage our strength to help the church. This kind
of loan guarantee may take us in a new direction with community and neighborhood
revitalization," Edwards said.

For more information on this program, call Cheryl Cooper at 798-3101 or George
Edwards at 762-2511.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Copyright 2005 Star News


                              381 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                          December 19, 2012 Wednesday

Funded group linked to senator;
Springfield Republican denies wrongdoing.Tax generated money for struggling
nonprofit he helped start.

BYLINE: ByJackie Borchardt

SECTION: ; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 1038 words


COLUMBUS - State Sen. Chris Widener, R-Springfield, stuck an amendment into a
state budget bill that eventually allowed the Clark County Convention Facilities
Authority to levy a bed tax and then give $412,890 of the money generated to a
struggling nonprofit that Widener helped found, public records show.

Widener was among several community leaders who founded the Ohio Equine and
Agricultural Association in 2002 to build and run the Champions Center at the
Clark County Fairgrounds. Widener also stood as a guarantor to a bank loan made
to the association, essentially saying he would make the loan payments if the
association failed to do so.

Widener, chairman of the Senate Finance Committee who was tapped to be the
second-highest Republican leader in the Senate next year, said he did nothing
wrong or unethical.

In April 2009, the Greater Springfield Chamber of Commerce asked Widener and
state Rep. Ross McGregor, R-Springfield, for legislation that would allow the
county to create a convention facilities authority, which could levy a hotel bed
tax to finance a number of tourism-related organizations. Widener said he
recognized a potential conflict so he resigned from the Ohio Equine and
Agricultural Association's board of directors on May 1, 2009 - before any
legislative action on the matter.

The Senate Finance Committee approved the bill June 2, 2009 and the full Senate
voted on the bill the next day.

"There is no direct or definite benefit to me and there never has been in this
situation," Widener said.

Widener said he was unaware of any financial difficulties the association was
having.

After the budget bill - including Widener's amendment - took effect, Clark
County formed the Convention Facilities Authority, which in turn decided in fall
2009 to begin levying a 3 percent bed tax. The Champions Center has received
more than one-third of the organization's funding.

State and federal tax documents show the association fell into financial trouble
in 2007.

The association started 2004, its first year filing with the IRS, in the red
$83,366. However, it reported nearly $1.4 million in revenues in 2005 - half
from programs and half from public funds and government grants.

IRS documents show the association made between $600,000 and $900,000 each year
in program revenue from renters and vendors between 2005 and 2010 and spent on
average between $800,000 and $1.8 million each year.

But the association reported only $671,009 in net assets in 2010, the biggest
asset being the Champions Center built at a cost of $5.5 million in 2005.
Widener's firm, Widener Design and Construction, served as the architect and
construction manager for the facility.

The association built the Champions Center in 2005, at a cost of $5.5 million,
according to IRS documents. The association made between $600,000 and $900,000
each year in program revenue from renters and vendors between 2005 and 2010 and
averaged between $800,000 and $1.8 million in expenditures.

In 2007, the association reported nearly $2.3 million in revenue, $1.5 million
in grants and $1.8 million in expenditures including $215,000 for employee
wages.

The association reported profits until 2008, when public dollars stopped flowing
to the association. Losses in 2008, 2009 and 2010 totaled $511,835, according to
IRS fillings.

Widener was listed as one of 17 board members on all IRS filings since 2004 and
including 2010. State lawmakers must disclose each trust, partnership or
association in which they hold an office or have a fiduciary relationship,
including offices in nonprofits.

Widener disclosed as many as 17 such relationships in his financial disclosure
filings dating back to 1998. He never disclosed his membership on the OEAA
board. He also did not disclose the loan guarantee. Widener said Tuesday he did
not think the loan guarantee had to be disclosed nor did he seek guidance on the
matter from the Joint Legislative Ethics Commission.

In 2003, the OEAA signed a 99-year lease with the Clark County Commission for
17.3 acres on which to build the 146,000-square-foot Champions Center. In the
agreement, OEAA pledged to fully fund the center through a loan.

Documents show Widener was one of seven board members who signed onto a $4
million mortgage with the Security National Bank and Trust in Springfield. As a
guarantor on the association's loan, Widener agreed to make payments if the
association could not pay back the loan.

"It was never a project where the guarantors would ever get any proceeds or
money out of this," Widener said.

Widener spokesman Mark Weaver, a Republican political consultant, said the
senator wrote to the bank and when he received no response, he assumed all was
well and he was released from the guarantee.

The association also ran into tax problems, owing more than $789,000 in 2010 for
eight years of unpaid property taxes. Association officials applied for
tax-exempt status in 2005 but were turned down due to a paperwork error.
Officials said they were not aware they had been denied until 2009 and appealed
the denial.

The state Board of Tax Appeals rejected the appeal because the original decision
was sent via certified mail and an employee signed in receipt.

The Ohio Department of Taxation granted tax exempt status to the property in
June 2011 and relieved the association of tax burden for 2007, 2008 and 2009.
The association agreed to pay $375,880 in back taxes, penalties and interest for
2004, 2005 and 2006 and has made at least one installment to the Clark County
Treasurer, according to a taxation department spokesman.

Association president Fred Maine said finances improved after the convention
facilities authority formed and distributed money to the group. Maine said the
Champions Center has benefited the Clark County fairgrounds and noted that
revenue realized will go to improvements or operations of the fairgrounds.

"It has created a lot of economic impact for the entire community with all the
different shows and venues that we've been able to create out there. It's been
very, very good from those two aspects," Maine said.

Contact Jackie Borchardt at 614-224-1608 or email Jackie.Borcha rdt@coxinc.com;
Contact Laura Bischoff at 614-224-1624 or email Laura A..Bischoff@coxinc.com

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              382 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 11, 2015 Wednesday

President's Budget Emphasizes Fuel Cycle, Used Fuel Programs

LENGTH: 898  words

DATELINE: Washington


Nuclear Energy Institute has issued the following press release:

The Department of Energy's fiscal 2016 budget proposal seeks to re-impose a
multibillion-dollar tax for the cleanup of three DOE-owned uranium enrichment
facilities, a move the nuclear energy industry deplores as redundant and unfair.
But other aspects of the budget are more in line with industry goals.

This year marks the sixth time the Obama administration has requested
reinstatement of the decontamination and decommissioning tax, even though
Congress has consistently turned it back.

"We recognize that the federal government has significant budget pressures, but
reinstating unjustified taxes on utility rate payers who have met their funding
obligation while the government has failed to meet its own is outrageously
unfair," NEI Senior Vice President for Governmental Affairs Alex Flint said.
"The uranium enrichment D&D tax proposal should be dead on arrival in Congress."

In other areas, the budget requests $62 million to continue supporting
certification and licensing assistance for the small reactor design being
developed by NuScale under a cost-share public-private partnership with DOE.

The overall fiscal 2016 budget proposal for DOE's Office of Nuclear Energy is
$907.5 million. The request is 9 percent higher than the $863 million requested
for fiscal 2015 and slightly below the $913.5 million enacted by Congress.

The Nuclear Regulatory Commission budget proposal of $1.03 billion is 1.7
percent higher than the enacted budget. Ninety percent of NRC's budget is
recouped via fees from the nuclear energy industry.

Flint said the NRC's oversight priorities merit "close scrutiny" by Congress,
given the industry's strong safety performance and the fact that utilities'
plans for new nuclear generating capacity are still being shaped by the
recession's lingering effects.

"We urge Congress to insist upon NRC adherence to its principles of good
regulation so that nuclear energy facilities can most safely and effectively
meet their customers' need for reliable, clean air power supplies," Flint said.
The industry's priority to ensure public safety "is being challenged by the
surplus of nonessential regulations and directives the NRC has imposed over the
past decade," he said.

Most DOE programs only saw modest changes. However, the administration requested
$217.7 million for fuel cycle R&D, a $20.7 million increase from the $197
million enacted for fiscal 2015.

The budget also zeroes out DOE and NRC programs to train the next generation of
nuclear industry workers and advance nuclear energy education, a move Flint said
makes "no sense." It would eliminate university programs that support
scholarships, fellowships and junior faculty at four-year institutions and
community colleges. The administration has consistently cut these programs,
though Congress has just as consistently provided about $5 million annually.
Used Nuclear Fuel

The administration is requesting $108 million to develop one or more facilities
for used fuel and high-level radioactive waste management using consent-based
siting as recommended by the Blue Ribbon Commission on America's Nuclear Future
in 2012. This represents a significant boost from the $79 million proposed for
fiscal 2015. An additional $3 million is proposed to fund research into disposal
options for some of DOE's high-level waste and used fuel. The administration
included no funds to continue the Yucca Mountain licensing process but proposes
using $24 million from the Nuclear Waste Fund for generic process development
and other non-R&D activities related to used fuel storage, transportation and
disposal.

The administration requests $345 million to continue construction of DOE's Mixed
Oxide Fuel Fabrication Facility in South Carolina, a turnabout from the fiscal
2015 proposal to put the facility into cold standby while DOE researched options
for disposal of surplus plutonium. Congress last year turned back the idea and
funded the facility's continued construction. The MOX fuel, which would be
fabricated from recycled surplus defense-origin plutonium and uranium, is
potentially a fuel for the domestic nuclear energy industry.
Loan Guarantees

Funding for DOE's loan guarantee program remains consistent in this budget
request, with $18.5 billion authority. Last year DOE finalized the first nuclear
energy-specific loan guarantee of  $6.5 billion to Southern Co. and its partners
to help finance the construction of two new reactors at the Plant Vogtle site in
Georgia.

Loan guarantees are not an actual appropriation and, therefore, do not represent
an outlay of taxpayer dollars when the projects they support are successfully
completed. The guarantees aim to boost investor confidence and allow worthy
projects to obtain financing on more reasonable terms that ultimately will lower
the cost of electricity generated by the projects. For nuclear power projects,
recipients must pay a substantial origination fee, negotiations over which
delayed final approval for the Southern Co. loan guarantee.

The accompanying chart shows DOE's budget numbers in categories relevant to the
nuclear energy industry. It will appear in Nuclear Energy Overview periodically,
revised to follow the federal appropriations process through the year.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              383 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             May 26, 2010 Wednesday

President Obama tours Fremont's Solyndra, promotes clean energy

BYLINE: By Dana Hull dhull@mercurynews.com

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY; Communities; San Jose - Valley; News; Local; Business;
High-Tech; Science and Tech

LENGTH: 888 words


President Barack Obama, in a trip designed to highlight green jobs and the
urgent need for clean energy as oil gushes in the Gulf of Mexico, toured solar
manufacturer Solyndra on Wednesday morning and then addressed a select crowd of
250 people at the Fremont company's new factory.

The visit, Obama's second to the Bay Area since becoming president, shone a
spotlight on Solyndra, a Silicon Valley company that has tried to avoid
publicity as it prepares for its initial public offering of stock.

Obama praised the entrepreneurial spirit of California and said Solyndra is a
company "leading the way toward a brighter and more prosperous future."

Obama, who will travel to the Gulf Coast on Friday, also stressed the need for
renewable energy.

"The spill in the Gulf, which is just heartbreaking, only underscores the
necessity of seeking alternative fuel sources," he said.

Last year, the Department of Energy gave Solyndra a $535 million loan guarantee
funded through the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act. Five-year-old
Solyndra was the first company to receive a loan guarantee, and it has become a
poster child for the success of federal stimulus spending and its ripple effects
on the economy.

Solyndra is one of several companies in Silicon Valley making solar panels that
use nonsilicon materials known in the industry as "thin film." Solyndra's panels
are largely designed for flat, commercial rooftops and are installed in 200
locations around the world.

Obama also gave a nod to Tesla Motors of Palo Alto, which was awarded a $465
million loan by the Department of Energy.

"Tesla is joining with Toyota in a venture to put a thousand skilled workers
back to work manufacturing an all-electric car," Obama said to applause. "This
is only the beginning. We're investing in advanced battery technologies to power
plug-in hybrid cars."

Obama vowed to pass comprehensive energy and climate legislation this year, and
he praised Solyndra employees and construction workers for their efforts to
develop clean energy.

"Every day that you build this expanded facility, as you fill orders for solar
panels to ship around the world, you're demonstrating that the promise of clean
energy isn't just an article of faith   not anymore," Obama said. "It's
happening right now. The future is here."

Obama arrived at Solyndra shortly before 9:30 a.m. and had a 15-minute tour of
the company's manufacturing facility with Chris Gronet, Solyndra's founder and
CEO, and Ben Bierman, executive vice president of operations and engineering.

"This is impressive," he said. "It really is."

During the tour, Obama made a point to shake hands with Solyndra employees, most
of whom were wearing white lab coats and hard hats.

Visible from Interstate 880, Solyndra's Fab 2 is one of the largest construction
projects under way in the region. The 300,000-square-foot facility has generated
3,000 construction-related jobs. On some days, as many as 1,000 workers are on
site, though most were asked to stay off the job Wednesday because of tight
security surrounding Obama's visit. Solyndra said construction resumed after the
event and workers will make up the lost day.

"There's no way we could have put this factory in the United States without the
DOE loans," said Gronet, adding that Solyndra has applied for a second loan
guarantee through the Energy Department.

While the president focused on job creation and the cleantech economy, Solyndra
used the visit to press Obama on the need to spur domestic demand for solar. The
federal government could lead by example if it installed solar panels on
government buildings across the country.

"We drove home the point that solar manufacturing creates jobs along the supply
chain," Gronet said. "His ears perked up when he heard that."

Obama privately met with Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger before his public remarks.

He began his speech reminiscing about his honeymoon 17 years ago, when he and
Michelle visited Napa Valley and then drove down the Pacific Coast Highway.

"I was fantasizing about going and renting a car," Obama said. "I was told that
would cause a stir, so next time."

Alan Dillon, a construction worker from Santa Clara, was one of about a dozen
men who posed for a picture with Obama at the construction site.

"He shook each of our hands, and he thanked us for working hard," said Dillon,
50, a supervisor with general contractor Rudolph and Sletten. "It's great that
he wants to build factories and put people back to work."

Solyndra has 1,000 employees and expects to hire an additional 25 employees a
month for the remainder of 2010.

The company has raised $970 million in venture funding and hopes to raise $300
million more through an initial public offering. It filed papers in late
December for an IPO and has, as required, remained quiet about its finances
since then, though executives joked Wednesday that Obama's visit was making the
"quiet period" one of the noisiest in the valley's history.

Contact Dana Hull at 408-920-2706. Follow her at Twitter.com/danahull .

Solyndra

Founded: May 2005
CEO: Chris Gronet
Number of employees: 1,000
What it does: Manufactures solar panels using glass tubes filled with a thin
film of nonsilicon semiconductor materials for the commercial rooftop market
Investors: Argonaut Private Equity, Redpoint Ventures, Rockport Capital, U.S.
Venture Partners and others

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: President Barack Obama is greeted by the crowd at solar panel company
Solyndra May 26, 2010 as he arrives to deliver a speech designed to highlight
green jobs created by the Recovery Act,(Pauline Lubens/San Jose Mercury News)
President Barack Obama waves goodbye to the crowd at solar panel company
Solyndra May 26, 2010 after delivering a speech designed to highlight green jobs
created by the Recovery Act,(Pauline Lubens/San Jose Mercury News)
US President Barack Obama lifts a solar panel with Chief Executive Officer Chris
Gronet (R) as Executive Vice President, Operations and Engineering Ben Bierman
looks on during a tour of Solyndra, Inc., a solar panel manufacturing facility,
May 26, 2010 in Fremont, California. AFP PHOTO/Mandel NGAN (Photo credit should
read MANDEL NGAN/AFP/Getty Images)(Photo Credit should Read /AFP/Getty Images)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              384 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 18, 2012 Tuesday

Ethics issues arise from Springfield Republican's action on bill

BYLINE: Laura A. Bischoff, Hamilton JournalNews, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1042 words


Dec. 18--COLUMBUS -- State Sen. Chris Widener, R-Springfield, stuck an amendment
into a state budget bill that eventually allowed the Clark County Convention
Facilities Authority to levy a bed tax and then give $412,890 of the money
generated to a struggling non-profit that Widener helped found, public records
show.

Widener was among several community leaders who founded the Ohio Equine and
Agricultural Association in 2002 to build and run the Champions Center at the
Clark County Fairgrounds. Widener also stood as a guarantor to a bank loan made
to the association, essentially saying he would make the loan payments if the
association failed to do so.

Widener, chairman of the Senate Finance Committee who was tapped to be the
second-highest Republican leader in the Senate next year, said he did nothing
wrong or unethical.

In April 2009, the Greater Springfield Chamber of Commerce asked Widener and
state Rep. Ross McGregor, R-Springfield, for legislation that would allow the
county to create a convention facilities authority, which could levy a hotel bed
tax to finance a number of tourism-related organizations. Widener said he
recognized a potential conflict so he resigned from the Ohio Equine and
Agricultural Association's board of directors on May 1, 2009 -- before any
legislative action on the matter.

The Senate Finance Committee approved the bill June 2, 2009 and the full Senate
voted on the bill the next day.

"There is no direct or definite benefit to me and there never has been in this
situation," Widener said.

Widener said he was unaware of any financial difficulties the association was
having.

After the budget bill -- including Widener's amendment -- took effect, Clark
County formed the Convention Facilities Authority, which in turn decided in fall
2009 to begin levying a 3 percent bed tax. The Champions Center has received
more than one-third of the organization's funding.

State and federal tax documents show the association fell into financial trouble
in 2007.

The association started 2004, its first year filing with the IRS, in the red
$83,366. However, it reported nearly $1.4 million in revenues in 2005 -- half
from programs and half from public funds and government grants.

IRS documents show the association made between $600,000 and $900,000 each year
in program revenue from renters and vendors between 2005 and 2010 and spent on
average between $800,000 and $1.8 million each year.

But the association reported only $671,009 in net assets in 2010, the biggest
asset being the Champions Center built at a cost of $5.5 million in 2005.
Widener's firm, Widener Design and Construction, served as the architect and
construction manager for the facility.

The association built the Champions Center in 2005, at a cost of $5.5 million,
according to IRS documents. The association made between $600,000 and $900,000
each year in program revenue from renters and vendors between 2005 and 2010 and
averaged between $800,000 and $1.8 million in expenditures.

In 2007, the association reported nearly $2.3 million in revenue, $1.5 million
in grants and $1.8 million in expenditures including $215,000 for employee
wages.

The association reported profits until 2008, when public dollars stopped flowing
to the association. Losses in 2008, 2009 and 2010 totaled $511,835, according to
IRS fillings.

Widener was listed as one of 17 board members on all IRS filings since 2004 and
including 2010. State lawmakers must disclose each trust, partnership or
association in which they hold an office or have a fiduciary relationship,
including offices in nonprofits.

Widener disclosed as many as 17 such relationships in his financial disclosure
filings dating back to 1998. He never disclosed his membership on the OEAA
board. He also did not disclose the loan guarantee. Widener said Tuesday he did
not think the loan guarantee had to be disclosed nor did he seek guidance on the
matter from the Joint Legislative Ethics Commission.

In 2003, the OEAA signed a 99-year lease with the Clark County Commission for
17.3 acres on which to build the 146,000-square-foot Champions Center. In the
agreement, OEAA pledged to fully fund the center through a loan.

Documents show Widener was one of seven board members who signed onto a $4
million mortgage with the Security National Bank and Trust in Springfield. As a
guarantor on the association's loan, Widener agreed to make payments if the
association could not pay back the loan.

"It was never a project where the guarantors would ever get any proceeds or
money out of this," Widener said.

Widener spokesman Mark Weaver, a Republican political consultant, said the
senator wrote to the bank and when he received no response, he assumed all was
well and he was released from the guarantee.

The association also ran into tax problems, owing more than $789,000 in 2010 for
eight years of unpaid property taxes. Association officials applied for
tax-exempt status in 2005 but were turned down due to a paperwork error.
Officials said they were not aware they had been denied until 2009 and appealed
the denial.

The state Board of Tax Appeals rejected the appeal because the original decision
was sent via certified mail and an employee signed in receipt.

The Ohio Department of Taxation granted tax exempt status to the property in
June 2011 and relieved the association of tax burden for 2007, 2008 and 2009.
The association agreed to pay $375,880 in back taxes, penalties and interest for
2004, 2005 and 2006 and has made at least one installment to the Clark County
Treasurer, according to a taxation department spokesman.

Association president Fred Maine said finances improved after the convention
facilities authority formed and distributed money to the group. Maine said the
Champions Center has benefited the Clark County fairgrounds and noted that
revenue realized will go to improvements or operations of the fairgrounds.

"It has created a lot of economic impact for the entire community with all the
different shows and venues that we've been able to create out there. It's been
very, very good from those two aspects," Maine said.

___ (c)2012 the Hamilton JournalNews (Hamilton, Ohio) Visit the Hamilton
JournalNews (Hamilton, Ohio) at www.journal-news.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20121218-HL-Ethics-issues-arise-from-Springfield-Republican-s-action-on-bill-121
8-20121218

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HL


                        Copyright 2012 The Journal-News


                              385 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                   November 9, 1989, Thursday, DAILY EDITION

Alberta will tighten up on lending

BYLINE: Johanna Powell

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 267 words

DATELINE: Edmonton,Alta.


The Alberta government is tightening its lending policies now that the
provincial economy is growing again, Economic Development Minister Peter Elzinga
said yesterday.

The minister said companies seeking grants, loans and loan guarantees from his
department will face difficulty.. There will be some money but the government
will be much more selective.

The exception will be recycling as the province develops incentives to produce
efficient recycling facilities.

''We're going to pull back on the ad hoc programs,'' Elzinga told reporters
after defining the new policy at an Edmonton business luncheon. ''We're going to
go more with what programs we presently have in place, such as our export loan
guarantee, the capital loan guarantee program, interest shielding for the small
business community. They're going to be on a more universal basis.''

Elzinga said a strengthening of the economy, expected next year, will be the
result of initiatives in forestry projects, tourism, high technology,
agriculture, energy and small business.

While the economy is the main reason for the shift in policy, Elzinga also cited
the free trade deal with the U.S., under which government loans are being seen
as subsidies.

Bank of Montreal economist Lloyd Atkinson predicted that higher agricultural and
petroleum production, steady oil prices and new pulp and paper mill activity
will combine to make Alberta the country's economic leader next year.

The province's real growth, adjusted for inflation, will average 2% to 2.5% in
1990, after hitting 1.5% this year, he said.




LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Photo: Elzinga: 'We're going to pull back'

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1989 Financial Post Ltd.


                              386 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

USDA Announces Nearly $13 Million in Funding for Four Tribal Projects in
Minnesota

LENGTH: 696  words

DATELINE: New York



 Phoenix: Retirement System, The State of Arizona has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack today announced funding to help the
Red Lake Band of Chippewa Indians with infrastructure for four essential
community facilities, ranging from public safety to health care and including
funds to construct a new chemical dependency treatment center in wake of the
rural opioid epidemic. Funding is provided through USDA's Community Facilities
program.





 "Over the last seven years, USDA has worked closely with tribal leaders to
support locally-driven solutions to improve economic opportunities in tribal
areas by increasing access to education, health care, broadband and business
development," Vilsack said. "These four projects will help the Red Lake Band of
Chippewa Indians ensure the health, safety, and well-being of its members and
local communities well into the future."



 USDA Rural Development has awarded a $4,950,000 direct loan to Red Lake Band to
build a new Chemical Dependency Treatment Center. The new 20,123-sq.-ft.
facility will be equipped with 16 beds, group meeting rooms, and visitation
areas - providing a safe, sanitary environment to help treat tribal members
suffering from substance misuse and chemical dependency. In January, President
Obama tapped Secretary Vilsack to lead an interagency task force focused on the
rural opioid epidemic. Recent efforts have helped identify effective tools to
reduce drug use and overdose, including evidence-based prevention programs,
prescription drug monitoring, medication-assisted treatment and the overdose
reversal drug naloxone. The funding for this treatment center is another example
of the USDA's efforts to address the opioid epidemic.



 Red Lake Nation, located in Beltrami County of northwestern Minnesota, will
receive a $2.2 million direct loan to construct a fire hall in the community of
Ponemah, one of several communities located in the area. The new facility will
offer state-of-the-art services including a training room, decontamination
space, and enough space to house the Department's fleet of trucks under one
roof. This new facility will help the community of Ponemah increase response
times and better meet the needs of the more than 700 local residents.



 After 46 years, the fire department in the City of Red Lake has reached the end
of its useful life and needs many repairs that are no longer economically
feasible. Red Lake Band will receive a $2.8 million direct loan to construct a
facility that will provide the resources necessary to serve the nearly 6,000
residents living on the reservation and serve as a back-up for the Ponemah fire
department.



 Finally, Red Lake Band will receive a $2,998,000 direct loan to increase its
renal dialysis center from five to 12 units, increasing the capacity to treat
local residents. This project will provide job opportunities at the local
hospital and decrease travel time for patients currently having to travel more
than 60 miles to get to the nearest facility.



 Since 2009, USDA has significantly expanded its support for Tribes and Tribal
communities, providing $3.1 billion in Rural Development programs and services.
USDA has provided more than $553.5 million in loans, loan guarantees and grants
to build or upgrade more than 300 Tribal facilities, and $55 million in loans to
support Native-owned businesses and promote economic development in Tribal
areas.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand 112,000 rural
businesses; helped 1.2 million rural residents buy homes; funded nearly 9,200
community facilities such as schools, public safety and health care facilities;
and helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million rural residents
and businesses. USDA also has invested $31.3 billion in 963 electric projects
that have financed more than 185,000 miles of transmission and distribution
lines





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              387 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

USDA Announces Nearly $13 Million in Funding for Four Tribal Projects in
Minnesota

LENGTH: 711  words

DATELINE: New York



 Phoenix: Retirement System, The State of Arizona has issued the following news
release:



  U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack today announced funding to help the
Red Lake Band of Chippewa Indians with infrastructure for four essential
community facilities, ranging from public safety to health care and including
funds to construct a new chemical dependency treatment center in wake of the
rural opioid epidemic. Funding is provided through USDA's Community Facilities
program.





 "Over the last seven years, USDA has worked closely with tribal leaders to
support locally-driven solutions to improve economic opportunities in tribal
areas by increasing access to education, health care, broadband and business
development," Vilsack said. "These four projects will help the Red Lake Band of
Chippewa Indians ensure the health, safety, and well-being of its members and
local communities well into the future."



 USDA Rural Development has awarded a $4,950,000 direct loan to Red Lake Band to
build a new Chemical Dependency Treatment Center. The new 20,123-sq.-ft.
facility will be equipped with 16 beds, group meeting rooms, and visitation
areas - providing a safe, sanitary environment to help treat tribal members
suffering from substance misuse and chemical dependency. In January, President
Obama tapped Secretary Vilsack to lead an interagency task force focused on the
rural opioid epidemic. Recent efforts have helped identify effective tools to
reduce drug use and overdose, including evidence-based prevention programs,
prescription drug monitoring, medication-assisted treatment and the overdose
reversal drug naloxone. The funding for this treatment center is another example
of the USDA's efforts to address the opioid epidemic.



 Red Lake Nation, located in Beltrami County of northwestern Minnesota, will
receive a $2.2 million direct loan to construct a fire hall in the community of
Ponemah, one of several communities located in the area. The new facility will
offer state-of-the-art services including a training room, decontamination
space, and enough space to house the Department's fleet of trucks under one
roof. This new facility will help the community of Ponemah increase response
times and better meet the needs of the more than 700 local residents.



 After 46 years, the fire department in the City of Red Lake has reached the end
of its useful life and needs many repairs that are no longer economically
feasible. Red Lake Band will receive a $2.8 million direct loan to construct a
facility that will provide the resources necessary to serve the nearly 6,000
residents living on the reservation and serve as a back-up for the Ponemah fire
department.



 Finally, Red Lake Band will receive a $2,998,000 direct loan to increase its
renal dialysis center from five to 12 units, increasing the capacity to treat
local residents. This project will provide job opportunities at the local
hospital and decrease travel time for patients currently having to travel more
than 60 miles to get to the nearest facility.



 Since 2009, USDA has significantly expanded its support for Tribes and Tribal
communities, providing $3.1 billion in Rural Development programs and services.
USDA has provided more than $553.5 million in loans, loan guarantees and grants
to build or upgrade more than 300 Tribal facilities, and $55 million in loans to
support Native-owned businesses and promote economic development in Tribal
areas.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand 112,000 rural
businesses; helped 1.2 million rural residents buy homes; funded nearly 9,200
community facilities such as schools, public safety and health care facilities;
and helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million rural residents
and businesses. USDA also has invested $31.3 billion in 963 electric projects
that have financed more than 185,000 miles of transmission and distribution
lines serving 4.6 million rural residents. For more information, visit USDA's
latest entry





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              388 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                             August 9, 2011 Tuesday

Leisure centre seeks to reverse fortunes with surfing facility

BYLINE: GORDON DEEGAN

SECTION: IRELAND; Regional News; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 344 words


A LOSS-MAKING leisure centre on Clare s north coast is planning to establish a
new surf centre in a bid to turn around the facility s flagging fortunes.

Last year, Lahinch Seaworld and Leisure Centre plc recorded a loss of EUR
76,356, bringing its total losses to EUR 748,340.

The publicly owned centre recorded the losses after revenue dropped 15 per cent
from EUR 669,301 to EUR 565,042 in the 12 months to the end of last October.
Clare County Council guarantees the centre s loans.

The company directors said in a statement they had successfully restructured the
centre s bank loans and plan to establish an adventure centre in order to
generate revenue.

The directors said they planned  to revive the company into a versatile and
adaptable business that caters for the entire community. The directors have set
out a five-year plan to improve the facilities at Lahinch Seaworld.

Seeking to capitalise on Lahinch s reputation as a surfing venue, the directors
said the planned facilities included a new surf centre and multipurpose
community facility.

The centre s loan facility is for EUR 350,000, which includes its core overdraft
facilities, and is due to be repaid over 15 years.

The directors said the fall in turnover for the year can principally be
attributed to a reduction in visitor numbers.

This reduction in activity had a negative impact on profitability which was
mitigated to some extent by initiatives taken by the directors and management
around cost containment and working capital managements,  they said.

The company s losses also drew the attention of its auditors, Deloitte Touche.

They said the firm incurred a loss of EUR 76,356 to the end of the year covered
and had net current liabilities of EUR 185,567 at the end of the year.

These conditions indicate the existence of a material uncertainty which may cast
significant doubt about the company s ability to continue as a going concern,
the auditors said.

The number employed at the centre was reduced last year from 28 to 23, resulting
in staff costs falling from EUR 426,144 to EUR 365,589.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2011 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              389 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                            December 8, 2015 Tuesday

HK$5b loan seen as a boost for 3rd runway;
Airport Authority boss calls terms excellent, but banker questions status of
future loans

BYLINE: Eddie Lee eddie.lee@scmp.com

SECTION: NEWS; City; Pg.2

LENGTH: 378 words


The Airport Authority is heralding a HK$5 billion loan as a vote of confidence
from the financial community for its HK$141.5 billion project to build a third
runway.

The recent success in clinching the syndicated loan would "lay a solid
foundation for financing the three-runway system," said authority chairman Jack
So Chak-kwong  yesterday.

He was referring to a five-year revolving credit facility signed by 21 local and
international banks.

"The terms for us are excellent," So said after the deal was signed.

The credit facility was oversubscribed by a factor of 3.4.

"This credit facility represents the global banking community's faith in Hong
Kong's future," So said.

The money will be used for general corporate purposes, including some
preparation work for the third runway.

So said he hoped the project could begin as soon as possible.

"Unless we expand [our airport's capacity], travellers are going to experience
delays," So said. "Hong Kong stands to lose its position as Asia's aviation
hub."

He said the authority would closely supervise the project's implementation,
ensuring it would not lead to cost overruns.

The project will be funded from three sources: bank loans and issued bonds, the
airport's operational surplus and an airport construction fee imposed on
departing passengers.

A leading banker, who was involved in arranging the syndicated loan, said it was
difficult to say whether the authority could secure the same terms for future
loans for the runway project.

"Banks, as lenders, have to consider the overall conditions of the market," said
Andrew Fung Hau-chung,  an executive director of Hang Seng Bank.

"But the terms of the latest deal reflect the fact that many banks are looking
for good quality assets after a slowdown in the growth of the loan market," said
Fung, who sits on the Airport Authority's board.

Dr Wilson Chan Fung-cheung,  an adjunct professor at City University, said the
terms of the HK$5 billion loan indicated that the authority  could borrow at a
low interest rate for the third runway project.

"But the favourable terms may come with strings attached, such as a loan
guarantee provided by the government or other entities," said the academic.


     This facility represents the banking community's faith in HK





     Chairman Jack So



LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              390 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                  May 4, 1998

Rural Housing Service Aims to Help the Poorest

BYLINE: BY JAN E. SHADBURN, Administrator, Rural Housing Service; Mr. Shadburn
recently testified before a subcommittee of the Senate Appropriations Committee,
where he spoke of the Administration's FY 1999 budget and the goals of the Rural
Housing Service.

SECTION: OPEN FORUM; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 704 words


The Rural Housing Service continues to provide opportunities to rural families
which help them improve their standard of living, move out of poverty and build
for the future.

We accomplish this by providing rural people and communities access to credit --
which is often limited in rural areas.  We also subsidize loans and rents and
provide technical assistance and support to complete their community development
efforts.

Our guaranteed loan and grant programs provide funding for essential facilities
such as health care centers, fire stations, municipal buildings and day care
centers.  These facilities allow rural communities to improve the quality of
life for their citizens and remain competitive in attracting jobs and
businesses.

In the rural United States, 5.6 million households live below the poverty line.
Almost one-quarter of rural households pay more than 30% of their income for
housing with more than four of every 10 rural poverty level households paying
more than 50% of their income for housing.

Minorities in rural America are disproportionately likely to be low-income or in
poverty and have housing problems.  One-third of African-American households,
and almost one third of Hispanic households, pay more than 30% of their income
for housing.  Rural African-American households are far more likely to live in
seriously inadequate housing than are rural white households or urban
African-American households.

Native Americans continue to be the most poorly housed population in America.

Some communities have been rebuilt from disaster or economic downturn, others
have reversed the outward migration of their people and jobs and have built a
sustainable economy and tax base.

To ensure our programs meet the needs of rural America, RHS has developed five
strategies to further the implementation of the Rural Development Strategic
Plan: support self sufficiency; expand access to our programs to all eligible
rural Americans; continue reinvention; expand partnerships and leveraging
opportunities; and protect the government's interest.

The President's FY 99 Budget requests a program level of $ 1 billion for the
Section 502 Direct program and $ 3 billion for the Section 502 Guarantee
program.  This $ 4 billion dollar program level will provide approximately
65,000 homes for individuals and families in FY 99 and ensure that the
homeownership opportunities that are accessible in suburban and urban America
are equally available to rural America.

RHS has also proposed legislation to permit the use of Federal guarantees to
help graduate current direct loan borrowers to private credit.  Many of our
borrowers do not have sufficient equity to graduate and qualify for conventional
credit.  Further, they are statutorily prohibited from graduating to our
guaranteed program.  The President's FY 99 budget requests an authorization of a
$ 100 million for graduating direct loan borrowers into the guaranteed program.

The Mutual Self-Help Grant program enables low and very-low income rural
families to become homeowners through the efforts of their "sweat equity"
contribution while simultaneously building and stabilizing their communities.
The majority of the mortgages are provided by the Agency's Direct 502 loan which
allows the interest rate to be subsidized down to as low as 1% based on income.

These Self-Help borrowers have exceptional track records -- both lower
delinquency rates and better graduation.  Over half have paid off their loans in
full or graduated to private credit.  Approximately 27,000 self-help loans have
been made since the program's inception in 1971, providing housing for
approximately 1,000 families per year.  In FY 95, RHS received over a 100%
increase in the grant program.  In FY 98, the program expanded to 46 states with
an estimated 121 grantees serving approximately 1,600 new homeowners.  The FY 99
request of $ 26 million would enable RHS to serve over 100 grantees.

The Administration is requesting a significant increase for Farm Labor Housing
over the available level in FY 98.  For FY 99, the $ 20 million increase in
budget authority would provide for $ 32 million for farm labor housing loans and
$ 13 million for grants.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, no caption

                         Copyright 1998 Faulkner & Gray


                              391 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Announces Nearly $13 Million in Funding for Four Tribal
Projects in Minnesota

LENGTH: 704  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack today announced funding to help the
Red Lake Band of Chippewa Indians with infrastructure for four essential
community facilities, ranging from public safety to health care and including
funds to construct a new chemical dependency treatment center in wake of the
rural opioid epidemic. Funding is provided through USDA's Community Facilities
program.





 "Over the last seven years, USDA has worked closely with tribal leaders to
support locally-driven solutions to improve economic opportunities in tribal
areas by increasing access to education, health care, broadband and business
development," Vilsack said. "These four projects will help the Red Lake Band of
Chippewa Indians ensure the health, safety, and well-being of its members and
local communities well into the future."



 USDA Rural Development has awarded a $4,950,000 direct loan to Red Lake Band to
build a new Chemical Dependency Treatment Center. The new 20,123-sq.-ft.
facility will be equipped with 16 beds, group meeting rooms, and visitation
areas - providing a safe, sanitary environment to help treat tribal members
suffering from substance misuse and chemical dependency. In January, President
Obama tapped Secretary Vilsack to lead an interagency task force focused on the
rural opioid epidemic. Recent efforts have helped identify effective tools to
reduce drug use and overdose, including evidence-based prevention programs,
prescription drug monitoring, medication-assisted treatment and the overdose
reversal drug naloxone. The funding for this treatment center is another example
of the USDA's efforts to address the opioid epidemic.



 Red Lake Nation, located in Beltrami County of northwestern Minnesota, will
receive a $2.2 million direct loan to construct a fire hall in the community of
Ponemah, one of several communities located in the area. The new facility will
offer state-of-the-art services including a training room, decontamination
space, and enough space to house the Department's fleet of trucks under one
roof. This new facility will help the community of Ponemah increase response
times and better meet the needs of the more than 700 local residents.



 After 46 years, the fire department in the City of Red Lake has reached the end
of its useful life and needs many repairs that are no longer economically
feasible. Red Lake Band will receive a $2.8 million direct loan to construct a
facility that will provide the resources necessary to serve the nearly 6,000
residents living on the reservation and serve as a back-up for the Ponemah fire
department.



 Finally, Red Lake Band will receive a $2,998,000 direct loan to increase its
renal dialysis center from five to 12 units, increasing the capacity to treat
local residents. This project will provide job opportunities at the local
hospital and decrease travel time for patients currently having to travel more
than 60 miles to get to the nearest facility.



 Since 2009, USDA has significantly expanded its support for Tribes and Tribal
communities, providing $3.1 billion in Rural Development programs and services.
USDA has provided more than $553.5 million in loans, loan guarantees and grants
to build or upgrade more than 300 Tribal facilities, and $55 million in loans to
support Native-owned businesses and promote economic development in Tribal
areas.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand 112,000 rural
businesses; helped 1.2 million rural residents buy homes; funded nearly 9,200
community facilities such as schools, public safety and health care facilities;
and helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million rural residents
and businesses. USDA also has invested $31.3 billion in 963 electric projects
that have financed more than 185,000 miles of transmission and distribution
lines serving 4.6 million rural residents.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              392 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Announces Nearly $13 Million in Funding for Four Tribal
Projects in Minnesota

LENGTH: 704  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack today announced funding to help the
Red Lake Band of Chippewa Indians with infrastructure for four essential
community facilities, ranging from public safety to health care and including
funds to construct a new chemical dependency treatment center in wake of the
rural opioid epidemic. Funding is provided through USDA's Community Facilities
program.





 "Over the last seven years, USDA has worked closely with tribal leaders to
support locally-driven solutions to improve economic opportunities in tribal
areas by increasing access to education, health care, broadband and business
development," Vilsack said. "These four projects will help the Red Lake Band of
Chippewa Indians ensure the health, safety, and well-being of its members and
local communities well into the future."



 USDA Rural Development has awarded a $4,950,000 direct loan to Red Lake Band to
build a new Chemical Dependency Treatment Center. The new 20,123-sq.-ft.
facility will be equipped with 16 beds, group meeting rooms, and visitation
areas - providing a safe, sanitary environment to help treat tribal members
suffering from substance misuse and chemical dependency. In January, President
Obama tapped Secretary Vilsack to lead an interagency task force focused on the
rural opioid epidemic. Recent efforts have helped identify effective tools to
reduce drug use and overdose, including evidence-based prevention programs,
prescription drug monitoring, medication-assisted treatment and the overdose
reversal drug naloxone. The funding for this treatment center is another example
of the USDA's efforts to address the opioid epidemic.



 Red Lake Nation, located in Beltrami County of northwestern Minnesota, will
receive a $2.2 million direct loan to construct a fire hall in the community of
Ponemah, one of several communities located in the area. The new facility will
offer state-of-the-art services including a training room, decontamination
space, and enough space to house the Department's fleet of trucks under one
roof. This new facility will help the community of Ponemah increase response
times and better meet the needs of the more than 700 local residents.



 After 46 years, the fire department in the City of Red Lake has reached the end
of its useful life and needs many repairs that are no longer economically
feasible. Red Lake Band will receive a $2.8 million direct loan to construct a
facility that will provide the resources necessary to serve the nearly 6,000
residents living on the reservation and serve as a back-up for the Ponemah fire
department.



 Finally, Red Lake Band will receive a $2,998,000 direct loan to increase its
renal dialysis center from five to 12 units, increasing the capacity to treat
local residents. This project will provide job opportunities at the local
hospital and decrease travel time for patients currently having to travel more
than 60 miles to get to the nearest facility.



 Since 2009, USDA has significantly expanded its support for Tribes and Tribal
communities, providing $3.1 billion in Rural Development programs and services.
USDA has provided more than $553.5 million in loans, loan guarantees and grants
to build or upgrade more than 300 Tribal facilities, and $55 million in loans to
support Native-owned businesses and promote economic development in Tribal
areas.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand 112,000 rural
businesses; helped 1.2 million rural residents buy homes; funded nearly 9,200
community facilities such as schools, public safety and health care facilities;
and helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million rural residents
and businesses. USDA also has invested $31.3 billion in 963 electric projects
that have financed more than 185,000 miles of transmission and distribution
lines serving 4.6 million rural residents.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              393 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            March 18, 2017 Saturday
                                  Main Edition

$28.8 million for Ga. housing at risk if Trump budget OK'd

BYLINE: Michael E.Kanell; Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 230 words



HIGHLIGHT: Proposal will mean decrease in HUD's Block Grants.


If the first Trump proposal is passed, Georgia stands to lose upwards of $28.8
million of the grants and loan guarantees the state receives from the Department
of Housing and Urban Development.

While no one expects the budget outline released by the administration to become
law without contentious debate and dramatic changes, the proposal now calls for
a 13.2 percent decrease in the agency's roughly $47 billion budget.

In Georgia, HUD in the current fiscal year is providing $166 million on grant
programs and $52.4 million in loan guarantees.

The largest piece of HUD spending in Georgia is the $77 million going to
Community Development Block Grants, which is aimed at support of affordable
housing and jobs programs. The city receiving the largest share of that money is
Atlanta, but most of it is spread around the state.

The second-largest grant program is a $26.3 million program meant to help
provide housing for people with AIDS.

Close behind is the HOME program, which is providing $25.5 million to state and
local groups, especially for rental assistance for low-in-come people.

The $52.4 million in loan guarantees are aimed at communities doing "economic
development, housing rehabilitation, public facilities, and other physical
development projects."

HUD has a regional office in Atlanta, but the lion's share of the agency's
nearly 8,000 workers are in Washington, D.C.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2017 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              394 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             August 7, 2009 Friday

Boscov's gets $43M loan for family buyout

BYLINE: PETER MERGENTHALER The York Dispatch

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 419 words


Boscov's has been approved for a $43 million loan from the federal Department of
Housing and Urban Development, U.S. Sens. Arlen Specter, D-Pa., and Bob Casey,
D-Pa., announced on Thursday.

The money, made available through the department's Section 108 loan guarantee
program, is the final piece in the Boscov family's $300 million effort to
purchase the retailer -- a move first announced last year.

Chapter 11: Boscov's filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in August 2008
after a series of acquisitions that ultimately hurt its bottom line. Albert
Boscov, who had retired from the company in 2006, announced plans in November to
rescue the enterprise his father started in 1911, saying he was "basically
embarrassed" by the bankruptcy filing.

"This loan completed the financial package necessary for us to purchase the
company and save over 5,000 jobs in Pennsylvania," Boscov said in a statement
released Thursday by Gov. Ed Rendell's office. "We appreciate that it's the
loyalty of our customers and our coworkers that's made it possible for us to
exceed our projections in a very tough economic environment, but none of this
would have been possible without Gov. Rendell's efforts."

The governor announced in November that the state would seek $35 million in
Section 108 funding to assist the company. Section 108 loans allow communities
to borrow against their Community Development Block Grant allocations to pay for
economic development, housing rehabilitation, public facilities and large-scale
physical development projects.

Pitching in: Butler, Blair, Cambria, Lackawanna, Lebanon and Schuylkill counties
guaranteed CDBG allocations worth $35 million. The remaining money comes from
similar guarantees from Scranton, Wilkes-Barre and Vineland, N.J., and the
company expects an additional $3 million pending an application from Atlantic
County, N.J.

The state will cover the loan payments if Boscov's defaults, according to
Rendell's release.

The 20-year loan comes in addition to $200 million in bank financing and more
than $60 million in personal equity contributions from the Boscov family.

The Reading-based department store chain has 39 locations in Delaware, New
Jersey, New York, Maryland and Pennsylvania, including stores at the York
Galleria and at Park City in Lancaster.

Calls to the York Galleria Boscov's were directed to the company's corporate
headquarters, which did not return a phone message Thursday.

-- Reach staff writer Peter Mergenthaler at 505-5439 or
pmergenthaler@yorkdispatch.com

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              395 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 26, 2016 Friday

Washington: Guest post: How the Jordan Loan Guaranty Facility is helping small
businesses in Jordan access the finance they need to grow

LENGTH: 711  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Overseas Private Investment Corporation has issued the following
news release:



 One of the key ways that OPIC supports development around the world is by
working to expand access to financial services. This guest post looks at one
OPIC-supported project that is helping small businesses in Jordan access loans.





 Despite their importance in supporting both sustainable economic growth and job
creation in emerging countries, small and medium size enterprises (SMEs)
continue to face significant challenges when applying for bank credit. In
Jordan, a recent report by the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development,
the European Investment Bank, and the World Bank Group concluded: "Almost a
third of all Jordanian firms report access to finance as the top obstacle to
their operations." High interest rates and an emphasis on excessive collateral
requirements are the main two reasons for the estimated SME financing gap of $3
billion (Union of Arab Banks/World Bank Financial Flagship Report 2011). This
lack of access to credit stifles growth in a critical sector, negatively
impacting the economy and, at a high level, helping to contribute to instability
in the region.



 To enhance access to finance for Jordanian SMEs, outside interventions have
been made to fill market gaps. On the demand side, the World Bank and Arab Fund,
for starters, made efforts to reduce the cost of borrowing for SMEs. On the
supply side, Global Communities, created the Jordan Loan Guaranty Facility
(JLGF) in coordination with the U.S. Agency for International Development
(USAID) and the Overseas Private Investment Corporation (OPIC), the U.S.
Government's development finance institution. The $250 million loan facility was
designed to help encourage banks to lend to SMEs in Jordan by providing partial
loan guarantees to the banks making the loans.

 Since JLGF's inception, $87 million has been mobilized in bank loans for SMEs,
with a large portion of that going to underserved markets, such as women-owned
businesses and those located outside the capital, Amman. JLGF has been
successful in serving these segments due to its ability to offer a 75% guarantee
coverage on the principal loan amount, which offers assurance to the banks
making the loans. As a result, JLGF is playing an important role in financial
inclusion for Jordan, with 16% of guaranteed loans granted to women-owned
businesses, and 28% granted to businesses outside of Amman



 While supporting lending to SMEs is a vital part of JLGFs mission, the ultimate
goal is to change the way banks lend to SMEs. The current practice of
over-reliance on collateral is excluding many viable businesses from securing
the funds needed to survive, expand or start new business ventures. JLGF aims to
prove that lending to SMEs on the basis of projected cash flow is profitable.
The company's current non-performing loan ratio (NPL) of 4.3%, is a good start,
as it falls well below the 5%-6% average NPL for SME loans in Jordan, according
to a Central Bank of Jordan official.



 In addition to making the case for its feasibility, a shift from
collateral-based to cash flow-based lending requires building the capacity of
banks' credit and relationship officers to be successful. To that end, JLGF has
designed and implemented in excess of 25 workshops, providing more than 3,500
training hours in credit analysis, financial statement analysis, and business
analysis for financial sector professionals. Through these workshops, it is
hoped that local banks in Jordan will be able to increase their lending to SMEs,
ensuring that the sector can receive the crucial support it needs long after
JLGF has shut down.



 SMEs are the engines of growth in developing economies, and ultimately play a
vital role in helping create stable, prosperous nations. The continued barriers
these firms face in accessing credit, to begin and expand their companies,
remains a critical issue in Jordan and throughout the Middle East. But with the
support of OPIC and USAID, we've seen the positive impact JLGF has had, and the
promise that SMEs hold for long term economic growth and job creation in Jordan.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              396 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 26, 2016 Friday

Washington: Guest post: How the Jordan Loan Guaranty Facility is helping small
businesses in Jordan access the finance they need to grow

LENGTH: 711  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Overseas Private Investment Corporation has issued the following
news release:



 One of the key ways that OPIC supports development around the world is by
working to expand access to financial services. This guest post looks at one
OPIC-supported project that is helping small businesses in Jordan access loans.





 Despite their importance in supporting both sustainable economic growth and job
creation in emerging countries, small and medium size enterprises (SMEs)
continue to face significant challenges when applying for bank credit. In
Jordan, a recent report by the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development,
the European Investment Bank, and the World Bank Group concluded: "Almost a
third of all Jordanian firms report access to finance as the top obstacle to
their operations." High interest rates and an emphasis on excessive collateral
requirements are the main two reasons for the estimated SME financing gap of $3
billion (Union of Arab Banks/World Bank Financial Flagship Report 2011). This
lack of access to credit stifles growth in a critical sector, negatively
impacting the economy and, at a high level, helping to contribute to instability
in the region.



 To enhance access to finance for Jordanian SMEs, outside interventions have
been made to fill market gaps. On the demand side, the World Bank and Arab Fund,
for starters, made efforts to reduce the cost of borrowing for SMEs. On the
supply side, Global Communities, created the Jordan Loan Guaranty Facility
(JLGF) in coordination with the U.S. Agency for International Development
(USAID) and the Overseas Private Investment Corporation (OPIC), the U.S.
Government's development finance institution. The $250 million loan facility was
designed to help encourage banks to lend to SMEs in Jordan by providing partial
loan guarantees to the banks making the loans.

 Since JLGF's inception, $87 million has been mobilized in bank loans for SMEs,
with a large portion of that going to underserved markets, such as women-owned
businesses and those located outside the capital, Amman. JLGF has been
successful in serving these segments due to its ability to offer a 75% guarantee
coverage on the principal loan amount, which offers assurance to the banks
making the loans. As a result, JLGF is playing an important role in financial
inclusion for Jordan, with 16% of guaranteed loans granted to women-owned
businesses, and 28% granted to businesses outside of Amman



 While supporting lending to SMEs is a vital part of JLGFs mission, the ultimate
goal is to change the way banks lend to SMEs. The current practice of
over-reliance on collateral is excluding many viable businesses from securing
the funds needed to survive, expand or start new business ventures. JLGF aims to
prove that lending to SMEs on the basis of projected cash flow is profitable.
The company's current non-performing loan ratio (NPL) of 4.3%, is a good start,
as it falls well below the 5%-6% average NPL for SME loans in Jordan, according
to a Central Bank of Jordan official.



 In addition to making the case for its feasibility, a shift from
collateral-based to cash flow-based lending requires building the capacity of
banks' credit and relationship officers to be successful. To that end, JLGF has
designed and implemented in excess of 25 workshops, providing more than 3,500
training hours in credit analysis, financial statement analysis, and business
analysis for financial sector professionals. Through these workshops, it is
hoped that local banks in Jordan will be able to increase their lending to SMEs,
ensuring that the sector can receive the crucial support it needs long after
JLGF has shut down.



 SMEs are the engines of growth in developing economies, and ultimately play a
vital role in helping create stable, prosperous nations. The continued barriers
these firms face in accessing credit, to begin and expand their companies,
remains a critical issue in Jordan and throughout the Middle East. But with the
support of OPIC and USAID, we've seen the positive impact JLGF has had, and the
promise that SMEs hold for long term economic growth and job creation in Jordan.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              397 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                          December 23, 2015 Wednesday

Bakken briefs for Wednesday, Dec. 23

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 555 words


Active investors in Bakken a good sign

While the oil and gas industry slows to a crawl, signs that investors are not
abandoning the Bakken suggest oil prices are expected to rebound.

In the past month, nine new companies that are not regular operators in the
Bakken have swooped in to purchase about 700 wells, said Lynn Helms, director of
the Department of Mineral Resources.

Most of these are legacy wells, but Helms said the purchases require some
confidence from investors that oil production in the Bakken will be profitable
in the future.

It's quite possible prices will improve in the second half of 2016, Helms said.

Helms describes the current state of the industry as a "belt tightening," with
the rig count hovering in the mid 60s.

He said the signature of a picture of "gloom and doom" would be rig counts
falling to 30 or less.-- The Journal, CrosbyKilldeer police remain busy amid
slowdown

The oil industry slowdown has created less traffic on the roads and reduced tax
revenues, but the Killdeer Police Department remains busy.

Last year at this time, city police received 296 calls. The total this year to
date is 863 calls, an increase of 191 percent.

To handle the surge in calls, Police Chief Eric Braathen is turning to a K-9
unit and reserve officers.

"When people are at home and have nothing to do, our department gets busy,"
Braathen said about the increase in calls. "There is a lot of marijuana and meth
around here, as well as strangers who are only here a few weeks and then gone."

The K-9 unit and reservists are extra tools needed to answer calls.

Braathen is beginning the process of getting a K-9 unit.

The department has two reservists and is looking to add two more.-- Dunn County
Herald, KilldeerFinancing in placed for new Ray clinic

A key piece of the financing for a new clinic in Ray is in place.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development Agency approved a $600,000
loan guarantee for Northland Community Health Center.

The guarantee is part of a funding package for renovations under way at the Ray
Mall. When finished, the 4,000-square-foot facility will provide medical, dental
and behavioral health services.

In addition to the loan guarantee, the project is supported with a New Access
Point grant through the federal Health Resources and Services Administration.

The grant provides $650,000 per year for two years.

Northland Community Health Center is a nonprofit health care provider based in
Turtle Lake that operates facilities in McClusky, Bowbells, Rolette, Rolla and
Minot.-- Tioga TribuneNew industrial park planned for Bowman

The $237,000 purchase of 46 acres for an industrial park was approved this month
by the Bowman County Board of Commissioners.

Approval for the planned Bowman Gateway Industrial Park completes a approval
project that has been opposed by several city and county residents.

The 46-acre property adjacent to the former airport and owned by the Wokal
family will allow for rail access to the industrial park, a component that
commissioners say would make it more attractive to potential buyers.

Commissioner Pine Abrahamson, who voted against the purchase, said he opposed
the county buying private property.

The biggest hurdle prior to the vote was discussion over a buffer that would
protect nearby landowners from views of the industrial park.-- Bowman County
Pioneer

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2015 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              398 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           August 22, 2012 Wednesday

U.S. Department of Agriculture gives Sampson County biofuels plant the go-ahead

BYLINE: John Ramsey, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 747 words


Aug. 22--A company planning a $170 million biofuel refinery in Sampson County
will clear its last hurdle before construction today when the U.S. Department of
Agriculture announces a federal government guarantee for financing the project.

Chemtex, an international engineering company with offices in Wilmington, plans
to use its new technology to convert grasses and other plants into 20 million
gallons of ethanol a year starting in 2014.

Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack said the refinery, to be built near
Clinton, will provide a new stream of income for farmers, add jobs to a rural
community and reduce dependence on foreign oil. And the new technology, which
relies on inedible grasses such as miscanthus and switchgrass, won't compete
with the food supply, a common criticism of corn-based ethanol.

Vilsack said the new technology gives the Chemtex facility a better chance to
succeed than two previous corn ethanol facilities that failed in the region.

"It takes a lot less energy to grow these grasses than it does corn," Vilsack
said in a telephone interview. "We think there's great energy potential. This
biorefinery is going to help us learn more about how to produce it."

The USDA is expected to announce this morning its guarantee of $99 million in
loans for Chemtex, which company executives say will pave the way for getting
loan applications approved.

The planned refinery will employ 65 people with average salaries expected to
exceed $48,000 a year. It is expected to create 250 indirect jobs for suppliers,
maintenance workers and drivers to transport the crops from the fields to the
refinery.

The Sampson County facility will be the first in the nation to use a new Chemtex
process that essentially blasts the grasses with steam to expose their sugars.
The sugars are then fermented into ethanol.

Chemtex officials say the refinery will be a sort of proving ground to
demonstrate the technology in the United States. A similar Chemtex plant in
Italy is scheduled to open later this year.

The USDA previously approved $4 million through its Biomass Crop Assistance
Program for 4,000 acres of miscanthus and switchgrass in 11 southeastern North
Carolina counties. The program will pay farmers up to three-quarters of the
establishment costs along with five years of rent payments. The deadline for
farmers to sign up for the program is Sept. 14.

Chemtex will need between 20,000 and 30,000 acres of energy crops. It has soft
commitments for about half of its needs. Chemtex is asking farmers to consider
planting on marginal lands that are not good for planting corn or soybeans. But
a major part of the acreage likely will be hog waste spray fields.

The Biofuels Center of N.C., which has a goal to replace 10 percent of the
state's fuel imports by having 600 million gallons of renewable liquid fuels
produced in the state, has identified 100,000 acres of spray fields in Sampson,
Duplin and Wayne counties that could potentially be used for biocrops.

State environmental workers still are studying how to plant the crops in spray
fields in a way that complies with waste regulations. The USDA says the grasses
may make the spray fields more environmentally effective than the typical
Bermuda grass currently planted there.

The USDA loan guarantee is part of a program that has funded eight other
refineries in the U.S. that are creating fuel from products such as solid waste,
algae and agricultural residue.

Vilsack said the program is another step in a long line of government
partnerships with new industries to help them get started. He compared it to the
interstate highway system being built to support a budding car industry.

He said the U.S. in the past three years has gone from importing 62 percent of
its oil to importing 45 percent.

Vilsack said the Department of Defense, especially the Navy, is looking closely
at new technologies to help it reduce dependence on foreign oil.

Chemtex documents say North Carolina has enough available land to support as
many as 15 refineries, which could mean 5,000 new jobs and a $2 billion boost to
the state's economy.

Chemtex, which counts Toyota among its partners on the project, has an agreement
with Gulf Oil to buy all of the ethanol it produces in Sampson County.

Staff writer John Ramsey can be reached at ramseyj@fayobserver.com or 486-3574.

___ (c)2012 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120822-FY-U-S-Department-of-Agriculture-gives-Sampson-County-biofuels-plant-th
e-go-ahead-0822-20120822

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2012 The Fayetteville Observer


                              399 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

USDA Announces Nearly $13 Million in Funding for Four Tribal Projects in
Minnesota

LENGTH: 761  words

DATELINE: New York



 Phoenix: U.S Department of Agriculture, The State of Arizona has issued the
following news release:



  U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack today announced funding to help the
Red Lake Band of Chippewa Indians with infrastructure for four essential
community facilities, ranging from public safety to health care and including
funds to construct a new chemical dependency treatment center in wake of the
rural opioid epidemic. Funding is provided through USDA's Community Facilities
program.





 "Over the last seven years, USDA has worked closely with tribal leaders to
support locally-driven solutions to improve economic opportunities in tribal
areas by increasing access to education, health care, broadband and business
development," Vilsack said. "These four projects will help the Red Lake Band of
Chippewa Indians ensure the health, safety, and well-being of its members and
local communities well into the future."



 USDA Rural Development has awarded a $4,950,000 direct loan to Red Lake Band to
build a new Chemical Dependency Treatment Center. The new 20,123-sq.-ft.
facility will be equipped with 16 beds, group meeting rooms, and visitation
areas - providing a safe, sanitary environment to help treat tribal members
suffering from substance misuse and chemical dependency. In January, President
Obama tapped Secretary Vilsack to lead an interagency task force focused on the
rural opioid epidemic. Recent efforts have helped identify effective tools to
reduce drug use and overdose, including evidence-based prevention programs,
prescription drug monitoring, medication-assisted treatment and the overdose
reversal drug naloxone. The funding for this treatment center is another example
of the USDA's efforts to address the opioid epidemic.



 Red Lake Nation, located in Beltrami County of northwestern Minnesota, will
receive a $2.2 million direct loan to construct a fire hall in the community of
Ponemah, one of several communities located in the area. The new facility will
offer state-of-the-art services including a training room, decontamination
space, and enough space to house the Department's fleet of trucks under one
roof. This new facility will help the community of Ponemah increase response
times and better meet the needs of the more than 700 local residents.



 After 46 years, the fire department in the City of Red Lake has reached the end
of its useful life and needs many repairs that are no longer economically
feasible. Red Lake Band will receive a $2.8 million direct loan to construct a
facility that will provide the resources necessary to serve the nearly 6,000
residents living on the reservation and serve as a back-up for the Ponemah fire
department.



 Finally, Red Lake Band will receive a $2,998,000 direct loan to increase its
renal dialysis center from five to 12 units, increasing the capacity to treat
local residents. This project will provide job opportunities at the local
hospital and decrease travel time for patients currently having to travel more
than 60 miles to get to the nearest facility.



 Since 2009, USDA has significantly expanded its support for Tribes and Tribal
communities, providing $3.1 billion in Rural Development programs and services.
USDA has provided more than $553.5 million in loans, loan guarantees and grants
to build or upgrade more than 300 Tribal facilities, and $55 million in loans to
support Native-owned businesses and promote economic development in Tribal
areas.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand 112,000 rural
businesses; helped 1.2 million rural residents buy homes; funded nearly 9,200
community facilities such as schools, public safety and health care facilities;
and helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million rural residents
and businesses. USDA also has invested $31.3 billion in 963 electric projects
that have financed more than 185,000 miles of transmission and distribution
lines serving 4.6 million rural residents. For more information, visit USDA's
latest entry on our medium.com This is an external link or third-party site
outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. website,
"Rural America is Back in Business."This is an external link or third-party site
outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              400 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                        June 20, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Greenyug Announces US Midwest Biobased Chemical Plant

LENGTH: 587  words


June 20 -- Greenyug, LLC today announced that it will build an industrial scale
Ethyl Acetate manufacturing facility adjacent to Archer Daniels Midland
Company's (NYSE: ADM) wet mill corn processing facilities in Columbus, Nebraska.
Greenyug has formed a subsidiary, Prairie Catalytic, LLC, that will own and
operate the facility. Prairie Catalytic has recently executed a Conditional
Commitment with the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural
Development for a loan guarantee under its Business & Industry Loan Guarantee
program. This facility will position it as a renewable supplier of Ethyl
Acetate. ADM's corn wet mill in Columbus will supply the project with bioethanol
feedstock and other services. Construction of the facility is anticipated to
start in late 2016 with production set to begin about a year later.

"At Greenyug, we see bioethanol as an excellent feedstock to produce value added
bio-based chemicals such as Ethyl Acetate. Securing a reliable and efficient
source of quality raw materials is one of the final steps in scaling Greenyug's
patented Ethyl Acetate technology. We are excited to locate our facility next to
ADM's world-class corn processing plant." said Sagar B. Gadewar, Ph.D.,
Greenyug's President and Chief Executive Officer. "We look forward to the
Prairie Catalytic plant satisfying market demand for renewable specialty
chemicals manufactured in a sustainable, environmentally sound, and
cost-competitive manner."

"Agreements like this help us maximize the utilization of our corn processing
assets and allow us to deliver greater value for our shareholders," said Paul
Woolard, director of commercial development for ADM. "We are excited to work
with partners like Prairie Catalytic to bring new innovations like biobased
ethyl acetate to the market."

"We are excited that Greenyug, LLC. has chosen Columbus, Nebraska, as the site
of its next manufacturing plant," said Governor Pete Ricketts. "Their
substantial investment and the many high-paying, quality jobs will have a major
positive impact on the community, along with their decision to locate next to
Archer Daniels Midland Company's Columbus facilities which could pave the way
for a potential value-added campus in the future."

Greenyug developed its patented technology at its Santa Barbara, California
Research Facility and continued the scale-up at its fully integrated
demonstration plant in India. Greenyug has developed a proprietary platform to
add value to bioethanol by upgrading it into a variety of bio-based chemicals
with broad market appeal. Greenyug Ethyl Acetate, the first of such products, is
a widely marketed specialty solvent used extensively in products such as paints,
coatings, pharmaceuticals, adhesives and a variety of consumer goods. Ethyl
Acetate has a global market of more than $4 Billion. The market for Ethyl
Acetate is growing faster than GDP because of its desirable properties. Greenyug
Ethyl Acetate will be the first commercially available in industrial quantities
to be entirely sourced from renewable feedstock. Greenyug will present its
technology at the Fuel Ethanol Workshop and National Advanced Biofuel Conference
held in Milwaukee, WI on June 22nd. Heartland Bank, headquartered in Little
Rock, Arkansas is serving as the lender of record for the Columbus project.
Stern Brothers & Co., a women-owned business enterprise headquartered in St.
Louis, Missouri, is serving as financial advisor to Greenyug LLC and placement
agent for the project financing.

Source: Greenyug

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              401 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                             June 9, 2007 Saturday

Apohaqui centre closer to reality; Funding Province announces $140,000 loan to
local service district

BYLINE: Tammy Scott-Wallace Telegraph-Journal

SECTION: TJTHECITY; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 359  words


A new community centre for Apohaqui took a giant leap toward reality Friday
morning when its loan for $140,000 was announced in the legislature.

The local service district applied under the Small Capital Loans Program to
cover its share of a new facility expected to cost upward of $400,000.

According to Regional Development Corporation spokesman Bruce Macfarlane, the
community application for funding under the Municipal Rural Infrastructure Fund
program couldn't proceed without a financing guarantee.

"This is part of the application process," he said.

He insists there is no announcement under the infrastructure fund planned for
Apohaqui in the near future. The program is a three-way split of project costs
among the community and both the federal and provincial governments.

The local service district already voted to support its portion by way of a 6.52
cent tax increase per $100 tax assessment, confirms Department of Local
Government adviser Brian Lamb. Funds generated by the tax will be used to pay
down the $140,000 loan over the next 20 years. While most of the cash will be
used to construct the new community centre, a portion will go toward operating
expenses.

The Apohaqui area has a strong recreation council that plans many of the
community's most spirited events. As well, the local service district's location
just minutes outside Sussex could serve as a modern, picturesque setting for
large events such as wedding receptions and banquets.

A new facility has been a dream of the council representing the local service
district for about three years. President Don Brown is waiting for
infrastructure fund approval before he talks further on the project or Friday's
capital loan approval.

The current Centennial Hall, which sits in the core of Apohaqui, is unsafe and
impractical for many functions. The roof is in such disrepair that it can no
longer be insured, the interior floors are slanting because there isn't a secure
foundation beneath them, and the structure is so unsound that it results in
outlandish heating bills.

The new hall is planned for a parcel of land about a kilometre away on property
bordering Jones Memorial Park.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2007 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              402 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                WMI Company News

                           October 18, 2012 Thursday

Madison Community Hospital secures $20.5 million funding for new hospital in
South Dakota

LENGTH: 113 words


The new hospital will be located near a highway bypass in Madison. The new
facility will be one-storey building, which will accommodate 22 licensed
inpatient beds, ancillary medical services, support services and medical clinic
among other amenities. The new hospital will be an energy efficient structure
that will be built to meet health care codes.



The USDA has awarded funds from under its Community Facilities Direct Loan
Program. The hospital has also secured $10 million Rural Development Guarantee
from AgStar, $1.3 million loan from Heartland Consumer Power District, $300,000
loan from Sioux Valley Energy, and $480,000 loan from Sioux Valley Energy's
Revolving Loan Fund.


LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2012 World Market Intelligence Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              403 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 25, 2016 Saturday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals

LENGTH: 895  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Housing Service
(RHS)



  Action



 Proposed collection; Comments requested.

 Summary



 In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, this notice announces
the intention of the above-named Agencies to request an extension for a
currently approved information collection in support of debt settlement of
Community Facilities and Direct Business Program Loans and Grants.



 Dates



 Comments on this notice must be received by August 23, 2016 to be assured of
consideration.

 For Further Information Contact



 For inquiries on the Information Collection Package, contact Anita Outen,
Community Programs Specialist, Community Programs, RHS, USDA, 1400 Independence
Ave. SW., Mail Stop 0787, Washington, DC 20250-0787, Telephone (202) 720-1497,
Email anita.outen@wdc.usda.gov

 Supplementary Information



 Title: 7 CFR part 1956, subpart C --"Debt Settlement--Community and Business
Programs."



 OMB Number: 0575-0124.



 Expiration Date of Approval: November 30, 2016.



 Type of Request: Extension of a currently approved information collection.



 Abstract: The following Community and Direct Business Programs loans and grants
are debt settled by this currently approved docket (0575-0124). The Community
Facilities loan and grant program is authorized by Section 306 of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1926) to make loans to
public entities, nonprofit corporations, and Indian tribes through the Community
Facilities program for the development of essential community facilities
primarily serving rural residents.



 The Economic Opportunity Act of 1964, Title 3 (Pub. L. 88-452), authorizes
Economic Opportunity Cooperative loans to assist incorporated and unincorporated
associations to provide low-income rural families essential processing,
purchasing, or marketing services, supplies, or facilities.



 The Food Security Act of 1985, Section 1323 (Pub. L. 99-198), authorizes loan
guarantees and grants to Nonprofit National Corporations to provide technical
and financial assistance to for-profit or nonprofit local businesses in rural
areas.



 The Business and Industry program is authorized by Section 310 B (7 U.S.C.
1932) (Pub. L. 92.419, August 30, 1972) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural
Development Act to improve, develop, or finance business, industry, and
employment and improve the economic and environmental climate in rural
communities, including pollution abatement control.



 The Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, Section 310 B(c) (7 U.S.C.
1932(c)), authorizes Rural Business Enterprise Grants to public bodies and
nonprofit corporations to facilitate the development of private businesses in
rural areas.



 The Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, Section 310 B(f)(i)(7 U.S.C.
1932(c)), authorized Rural Cooperative Development Grants to nonprofit
institutions for the purpose of enabling such institutions to establish and
operate centers for rural cooperative development.



 The purpose of the debt settlement function for the above programs is to
provide the delinquent client with an equitable tool for the compromise,
adjustment, cancellation, or charge-off of a debt owned to the Agency.



 The information collected is similar to that required by a commercial lender in
similar circumstances.



 Information will be collected by the field offices from applicants, borrowers,
consultants, lenders, and attorneys.



 Failure to collect information could result in improper servicing of these
loans.



 Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 5.3 hours per response.



 Respondents: Public bodies and nonprofit organizations.



 Estimated Number of Respondents: 35.



 Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 5.5.



 Estimated Number of Responses: 193.



 Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 1,041 hours.



 Copies of this information collection can be obtained from Jeanne Jacobs,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, (202) 692-0040.

 Comments



 Comments are invited on: (a) Whether the proposed collection of information is
necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the Agency, including
whether the information will have practical utility; (b) the accuracy of the
Agency's estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of information,
including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (c) ways to
enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of the information to be collected;
and (d) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information on those
who are to respond, including through the use of appropriate automated,
electronic, mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other
forms of information technology. Comments may be sent to Jeanne Jacobs,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture,
Rural Development, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Washington, DC 20250.
All responses to this notice will be summarized and included in the request for
OMB approval. All comments will also become a matter of public record.

 Dated: June 14 2016.

 Tony Hernandez,

 Administrator, Rural Housing Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-14994 Filed 6-23-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              404 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             April 14, 2014 Monday

FAME considering whether IRS liens would alter $25 million loan guarantee for
Millinocket pellet mill

BYLINE: Nick Sambides Jr. BDN Staff

LENGTH: 834 words


AUGUSTA, Maine -- The state agency scheduled to re-examine this week a $25
million loan guarantee it approved for a $140 million pellet mil l proposed for
Millinocket is reviewing whether the developer's recent IRS problems should
alter the agreement, an official said Monday.


The Finance Authority of Maine learned over the weekend that the Internal
Revenue Service filed liens totaling $2.49 million against GNP West Inc. and GNP
East Inc., two Cate Street Capital subsidiaries formed to help operate an East
Millinocket paper mill and a Millinocket industrial park, said Christopher
Roney, FAME's general counsel. The liens were filed April 10 for nonpayment of
corporate income taxes in 2012, according to the IRS.


"We learned of this issue over the weekend and are in the process of gathering
facts to determine whether or how this would affect the FAME staff analysis,"
Roney said in an email on Monday.


He declined to comment further.


Alexandra Ritchie, managing director for government and community relations for
Cate Street Capital, described the Cate Street company slated to make the
pellets, Thermogen Industries LLC, as a standalone entity and business separate
from Great Northern Paper.


"While Great Northern Paper has outstanding debts, they are completely separate
from Thermogen. It is acknowledged that the Great Northern Paper property tax
payments due are a condition to Thermogen's use of the FAME loan guarantee --
and a condition that will be satisfied," Ritchie said in a statement released
Monday. "While great synergies will exist between GNP and Thermogen's
operations, with potential great enhancements to both, Thermogen's success is
not at all dependent upon GNP."


Thermogen's facility would create 55 direct jobs and more than 250 indirect jobs
in the next 12 months, Ritchie added. She called the project "incredibly
exciting for the state of Maine."


"Thermogen is looking forward to being in Maine for a long time," she said.


FAME is due to consider the revised proposal at 10:30 a.m. Thursday, Roney said.


FAME's board of directors voted 8-5 in October to approve the $25 million loan
guarantee. The guarantee had not been issued when board members opted to revisit
the approval on Feb. 20, when Thermogen officials told FAME that they would be
changing the project's technology from a microwave pellet-roasting process
devised in Scotland to a Masonite-based process offered by a company in Houston.


Roney said March 20 that the company would have to pay about $3 million in
delinquent property taxes due to East Millinocket and Millinocket before it
could secure the loan guarantee.


The IRS filed two liens with the Penobscot County Registry of Deeds on April 10.
One, for $1.43 million, was filed against GNP West Inc., which handles the
industrial park. The other, for $1.05 million, was filed against GNP East Inc.,
which is listed as a co-licensee on state environmental permits given to the
paper mill in East Millinocket.


The FAME resolution detailing the loan guarantee makes no specific mention of
overdue taxes. It does require at several points that the borrowing party,
Thermogen, "is creditworthy."


Section 8 of the resolution requires a creditworthy rating and stipulates that
"there is a strong likelihood that the revenue obligation securities will be
repaid through the revenues of the project and any other sources of revenues and
collateral pledged to the repayment of those securities."


The requirement stipulates "a reasonable prospect that the loan will be repaid"
and secured "by appropriate levels of collateral"; and that the borrower is
"creditworthy and of good character," the resolution states.


It also states that, "This resolution is conditioned on there being no material
adverse event or change, in the discretion of [FAME's] chief executive officer,
affecting the borrower or any guarantor prior to the issuance of the bonds"
securing the loan guarantee.


Gov. Paul LePage, who supports Cate Street's efforts, and his administration
have had no comment on Cate Street's tax problems. Adrienne Bennett, his press
secretary, did not respond to a request for comment on Monday.


Records show Cate Street's GNP companies are at least $6.81 million in debt to
the federal government, East Millinocket and Millinocket, and several vendors
who have sued or filed liens since February 2013.


Before the IRS filings, vendors supplying the companies had gone to civil court
or filed liens for unpaid bills totaling $1.32 million and been paid $117,587,
Penobscot County records show.


After the IRS, the largest single creditor is the town of Millinocket, which is
owed $2.3 million in property taxes, not counting interest. GNP owes East
Millinocket $657,900 in property taxes, again without interest. Neither town has
filed a lien.


Great Northern Paper, a Cate Street's subsidiary, ceased mill production in late
January and laid off 212 of the mill's 256 workers about two weeks later, citing
high energy and production costs and the need for greater efficiencies.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Bangor Daily News


                              405 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             April 14, 2014 Monday

FAME considering whether IRS liens would alter $25 million loan guarantee for
Millinocket pellet mill

BYLINE: Nick Sambides Jr. BDN Staff

LENGTH: 834 words


AUGUSTA, Maine -- The state agency scheduled to re-examine this week a $25
million loan guarantee it approved for a $140 million pellet mil l proposed for
Millinocket is reviewing whether the developer's recent IRS problems should
alter the agreement, an official said Monday.


The Finance Authority of Maine learned over the weekend that the Internal
Revenue Service filed liens totaling $2.49 million against GNP West Inc. and GNP
East Inc., two Cate Street Capital subsidiaries formed to help operate an East
Millinocket paper mill and a Millinocket industrial park, said Christopher
Roney, FAME's general counsel. The liens were filed April 10 for nonpayment of
corporate income taxes in 2012, according to the IRS.


"We learned of this issue over the weekend and are in the process of gathering
facts to determine whether or how this would affect the FAME staff analysis,"
Roney said in an email on Monday.


He declined to comment further.


Alexandra Ritchie, managing director for government and community relations for
Cate Street Capital, described the Cate Street company slated to make the
pellets, Thermogen Industries LLC, as a standalone entity and business separate
from Great Northern Paper.


"While Great Northern Paper has outstanding debts, they are completely separate
from Thermogen. It is acknowledged that the Great Northern Paper property tax
payments due are a condition to Thermogen's use of the FAME loan guarantee --
and a condition that will be satisfied," Ritchie said in a statement released
Monday. "While great synergies will exist between GNP and Thermogen's
operations, with potential great enhancements to both, Thermogen's success is
not at all dependent upon GNP."


Thermogen's facility would create 55 direct jobs and more than 250 indirect jobs
in the next 12 months, Ritchie added. She called the project "incredibly
exciting for the state of Maine."


"Thermogen is looking forward to being in Maine for a long time," she said.


FAME is due to consider the revised proposal at 10:30 a.m. Thursday, Roney said.


FAME's board of directors voted 8-5 in October to approve the $25 million loan
guarantee. The guarantee had not been issued when board members opted to revisit
the approval on Feb. 20, when Thermogen officials told FAME that they would be
changing the project's technology from a microwave pellet-roasting process
devised in Scotland to a Masonite-based process offered by a company in Houston.


Roney said March 20 that the company would have to pay about $3 million in
delinquent property taxes due to East Millinocket and Millinocket before it
could secure the loan guarantee.


The IRS filed two liens with the Penobscot County Registry of Deeds on April 10.
One, for $1.43 million, was filed against GNP West Inc., which handles the
industrial park. The other, for $1.05 million, was filed against GNP East Inc.,
which is listed as a co-licensee on state environmental permits given to the
paper mill in East Millinocket.


The FAME resolution detailing the loan guarantee makes no specific mention of
overdue taxes. It does require at several points that the borrowing party,
Thermogen, "is creditworthy."


Section 8 of the resolution requires a creditworthy rating and stipulates that
"there is a strong likelihood that the revenue obligation securities will be
repaid through the revenues of the project and any other sources of revenues and
collateral pledged to the repayment of those securities."


The requirement stipulates "a reasonable prospect that the loan will be repaid"
and secured "by appropriate levels of collateral"; and that the borrower is
"creditworthy and of good character," the resolution states.


It also states that, "This resolution is conditioned on there being no material
adverse event or change, in the discretion of [FAME's] chief executive officer,
affecting the borrower or any guarantor prior to the issuance of the bonds"
securing the loan guarantee.


Gov. Paul LePage, who supports Cate Street's efforts, and his administration
have had no comment on Cate Street's tax problems. Adrienne Bennett, his press
secretary, did not respond to a request for comment on Monday.


Records show Cate Street's GNP companies are at least $6.81 million in debt to
the federal government, East Millinocket and Millinocket, and several vendors
who have sued or filed liens since February 2013.


Before the IRS filings, vendors supplying the companies had gone to civil court
or filed liens for unpaid bills totaling $1.32 million and been paid $117,587,
Penobscot County records show.


After the IRS, the largest single creditor is the town of Millinocket, which is
owed $2.3 million in property taxes, not counting interest. GNP owes East
Millinocket $657,900 in property taxes, again without interest. Neither town has
filed a lien.


Great Northern Paper, a Cate Street's subsidiary, ceased mill production in late
January and laid off 212 of the mill's 256 workers about two weeks later, citing
high energy and production costs and the need for greater efficiencies.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Bangor Daily News


                              406 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                         September 11, 1991, Wednesday

GORDON PLATT'S FINANCING TRADE

BYLINE: Gordon Platt

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 565 words


WORRIES ABOUT A POSSIBLE DEFAULT by the Soviet Union on its $ 64 billion foreign
debt depressed German bank shares this week and have made it difficult for the
Soviets to arrange bank loans to buy U.S. grain.

The Soviet Union's payments arrears reached $ 5 billion in 1990 and may triple
by the end of this year, said Ricardo J. Kleinbaum, senior analyst- inancial
institutions at Fitch Investors Service Inc., New York.

With several republics gaining independence, there is a greater risk of
repudiation of a part of the debt, and "unless the international financial
community can hold all the republics jointly and severally liable for the debt,
bank and official creditors will probably face losses," Mr. Kleinbaum said.

German banks are owed about $ 20 billion by the Soviets, but about two- thirds
of this is guaranteed by the German government and much of the rest is covered
by loan-loss provisions, he noted. The total direct exposure of the U.S. banking
system is no more than $ 100 million, he estimated.

Grain industry officials told Knight-Ridder Financial News that Monday's sales
of corn and soymeal to the Soviets were made under already-established credit
lines that banks may have been bound to honor.

Commercial banks have reduced their exposure to Soviet risk since last year, Mr.
Kleinbaum said, and European governments will bear the brunt of any rescheduling
or disruption in debt payments.

* * * * *

THE EXPORT-IMPORT BANK of the United States approved credit guarantee facilities
to support U.S. exports to Mexico and the Philippines.

First Interstate Bank Corp., Los Angeles, will extend a $ 95 million line of
credit with Ex-Im Bank backing to Bancomer SNC, Mexico City, to finance $ 111.8
million of U.S. exports to Mexico.

An Ex-Im Bank guarantee of a $ 23.4 million loan from Union Bank of Switzerland,
New York, will support the sale of $ 27 million of engineering services and
equipment by Container Systems International, Fridley, Minn., to Envases de
Jalisco SA, El Salto, Mexico, for an aluminum can manufacturing plant.

The U.S. agency will guarantee a loan of $ 11 million from Manufacturers Hanover
International, Miami, to Banco Serfin, Mexico City, to assist the sale of $ 13
million of geothermal well equipment by International Bits and Drilling
Equipment Corp., El Centro, Calif., to Constructora y Perforadora Latina SA,
Mexicali.

Ex-Im Bank will guarantee a $ 17.7 million loan from Citicorp, New York, to the
Development Bank of the Philippines in a co-financing program with the World
Bank. The facility will support $ 20 million of U.S. exports in small and
medium-size transactions to the private sector in the Philippines.

* * * * *

PARTNERS FOR PROGRESS, a $ 100 million program in Puerto Rico, will lend at
concessional rates to small, minority-owned U.S. companies for trade and
investment in the Caribbean.

The fund was financed by large U.S. companies in Puerto Rico that benefit from
tax concessions offered by Section 936 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code.

Loans of between $ 500,000 and $ 10 million will be made available for
''productive ventures in the Caribbean," Amadeo Francis, Puerto Rico's deputy
secretary of state, told a recent conference in Port of Spain, Trinidad and
Tobago, that was organized by the National Minority Business Council Inc., New
York.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH COLUMN

EDITOR-NOTE: Gordon Platt's FINANCING TRADE

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION: PHOTO

                  Copyright 1991 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              407 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                          September 10, 2011 Saturday

Loan Melas: Government to dole out upto Rs 10,000 to aam aadmi to boost growth
in rural areas

BYLINE: Sangita Mehta

SECTION: FINANCE

LENGTH: 559 words


MUMBAI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's government is nudging state-run banks to
dole out up to 10,000 in unsecured loans to landless labourers to boost
consumption in rural areas, which bankers say reminds one of 'loan melas' of the
1980s that crippled the banking industry.

Public sector banks should also accelerate distribution of Kisan Credit Cards to
farmers who have not defaulted in the past as it could fuel demand for goods and
keep the rural economy humming even as price rise eats into their earnings.

"Each bank will also work out a scheme of providing savings or overdraft
facility to families which do not have land, but live in rural area," says a
letter to the banks from a bureaucrat in the finance ministry. These loans
should be for "personal consumption purposes'' and based on "personal guarantee"
from a fellow villager.

The United Progressive Alliance government led by the Congress party is using
state-controlled banks to improve the welfare of the rural population apart from
many government-run welfare schemes such as MNREGA, a guaranteed employment
programme.

The slowing growth rate is making the government to use non-traditional channels
to keep the economy growing since there's little room for monetary and fiscal
measures. It is also asking banks to play a mediator's role in getting
clearances for projects from state governments.

"Farmers have this psychological feeling that eventually there will be a waiver
of loans and they resist making payments in the same hope,'' said an official in
a state-run bank who did not want to be identified due to the sensitivity of the
matter. "Anything that is imposed on banks turns out to be a sticky loan."

The UPA government in its previous term waived farm loans worth more than Rs
70,000 crore before the 2009 elections. In the past, the Congress-led
governments under Indira Gandhi also had doled out loans that turned sticky.
Janardhana Poojary, ajunior finance minister in the Gandhi cabinet in 1980s,
conducted 'loan melas' across the country that gave away loans to villagers
without guarantees.

The barrister's socialist programme weakened the banking industry. The
government itself had to bail out these banks with tax payers' money. But in a
poor country like India, where more than half the population lives on less than
Rs 100 a day, welfare schemes such as these may keep the economy oiled. Also,
the fleecing by money lenders makes it essential for the government to push
through such schemes.

"The aim is to weed out money lenders from the system since they are charging
exorbitant rates from the segment of people who do not have access to formal
banking services,'' says R K Bakshi, executive director of Bank of Baroda.
"Secondly, the purpose is also to provide means of earning to those who are
financially excluded."

Government-owned banks due to their extensive branch network in rural India have
over 80% market share in agriloan business. However, RBI data shows lending to
agriculture fell 11.8% as on July 2011 on a year-on-year basis against 19% on a
y-o-y basis in July 2010.

The Finance Ministry has said that the loans can be given for meeting
consumption purpose based on personal guarantee given by villagers. As of March
2011, banks provided overdraft facility of Rs 198 crore to only 42 lakh
no-frills account holders.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              408 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                           December 25, 2010 Saturday

Abengoa Solar Closes $1.45 Billion Financing for the World's Largest Solar
Generation Plant

LENGTH: 655  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Dec. 25 -- Abengoa Solar announced today that it has finalized $1.45
billion financing to build Solana, the world's largest parabolic trough
concentrating solar plant. This plant, with a total investment of around $2
Billion, will generate 250 net megawatts (MW).

Santiago Seage, CEO of Abengoa Solar, stated, "Solana is the first large scale
CSP plant for Abengoa Solar in the U.S. and will be a key milestone for our
development in this country as it allows us to strengthen our relationships with
the local community as well as with the state and federal public authorities
that have contributed notably to this project." Abengoa Solar signed a power
purchase agreement with Arizona Public Service Co. (NYSE:PNW), Arizona's largest
electric utility, to buy the energy produced by Solana for a period of 30 years.

Following the Conditional Commitment announced by President Obama last July, the
Department of Energy (DOE), through the Loan Programs Office, has issued a loan
guarantee to support this project.

"I want to recognize the leadership of the Department of Energy's Loan Programs
Office in making Solana possible through this loan guarantee. Without DOE's
determination and commitment to solar energy this project would have never
become a reality," said Seage.

"The plant will be located 70 miles southwest of Phoenix, near Gila Bend,
Arizona. Solana will produce enough energy to serve 70,000 households and will
prevent the emission of 475,000 tons of CO2 per year compared to a natural gas
burning power plant. The construction and operation of Solana will bring many
economic and environmental benefits to Arizona and will support the nation's
goals for energy independence through a "green" economy.

The Solana project is the first large-scale solar plant in the United States
capable of storing the energy it generates. Solana will include six hours of
molten salt thermal energy storage capability, which will allow energy to be
dispatched as needed during cloudy periods and after sunset. With this
capability, Solana will be able to generate electricity well into the evening to
help meet the summer peak demand for air conditioning.

The plant's construction and operation will produce much-needed tax income for
local communities and the state of Arizona, and support the nation's goals for
energy independence and developing a clean energy economy.

Abengoa Solar estimates that the Solana project will create between 1,600 to
1,700 new construction jobs and over 85 permanent jobs. Approximately 98 percent
of the jobs created by the project will be American jobs, primarily in Arizona,
in addition to neighboring states. Furthermore, around 75% of the equipment and
supplies required to build Solana will be manufactured in the U.S.

Additionally a mirror manufacturing factory will be built in Surprise, Arizona
to supply the mirrors needed for the Solana project. The mirror factory will
employ almost 180 people, adding to the number of direct jobs created by Solana.
This new facility will provide Arizona with the foundation upon which to expand
its solar energy technology manufacturing capabilities and to support future CSP
projects.

In late 2009 Abengoa Solar signed a power purchase agreement in California to
supply electricity generated by a 250 MW net CSP trough plant located in the
Mojave Desert, 100 miles northeast of Los Angeles. The company also has several
projects under development in the Southwest.

Abengoa Solar is currently building 930 MW of solar plants worldwide and, with
an additional 193 MW already operating, it is the only company worldwide
building and operating both trough and power tower CSP plants. The Solana plant
will be Abengoa Solar's fourteenth CSP plant worldwide. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to
this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              409 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           February 18, 1997 Tuesday

BYLINE: Joe Gardyasz

LENGTH: 624 words


Small, rural businesses in North Dakota just got another potential source of
capital. The Dakota Certified Development Corp., a Fargo-based statewide
development corporation, has received a $1 million loan from North Dakota Rural
Development. Providing the required 25 percent match to the federal funds were
Otter Tail Power Co. and Minnkota Power Cooperative, which together loaned
$250,000 to Dakota CDC.

Through Rural Development's Intermediary Relending Program, Dakota CDC will use
the funds to establish a revolving loan fund to assist rural community
development by relending to small businesses statewide. Rural Development,
formerly the Rural Economic and Community Development Service of the Farmers
Home Administration, was renamed Rural Development when USDA was reorganized in
1995. ""It's a good sign when the state is given a $1 million loan like this,''
said Charles Mertens, Rural Development's state director. Because the money must
be loaned out within a year, it says the agency believes there is demand out
there for the funds, he said. The required match was solicited from the power
company and the cooperative, said Toby Sticka, executive vice president of
Dakota CDC. ""They have an interest in economic development, and we requested
they provide the match,'' said Sticka. ""Their territories go out much farther
than individual banks; it's in their best interest.'' To receive a loan, a
company must be located within a rural community (25,000 or fewer people), and
use it to start or expand a business, save jobs in the community or establish a
community development project. The funds should be available within the 30 days.
Past loans have financed a wide range of businesses across the state, including
a feed store, a microbrewery and a small manufacturing plant, said Dale Van
Eckhout, rural development director. Economic development corporations, tribes
or cooperatives can act as intermediary relenders. The $1 million loan, part of
a $37 million package awarded competitively to development corporations
nationwide, represents the first time Rural Development has loaned money to
Dakota CDC. ""We're very happy to be a part of this to help rural North Dakota
grow,'' said Jeff Vye, a Dakota CDC loan officer in Bismarck. ""It's just
another package that we have to offer to help rural businesses in North
Dakota.'' The nonprofit corporation has administered the Small Business
Administration 504 Program since 1982. Through that loan guarantee program, SBA
guarantees up to 40 percent of acquisition costs for long-term fixed assets.
Dakota CDC now has 170 outstanding 504 Program loans totaling nearly $55
million. It recently began offering 504 Agribusiness loans with the state as
well. While 504 loans must be used to purchase fixed assets such as land,
buildings or equipment, the IRP loans can be used for ""a lot of purposes''
related to business startups and expansions, said Vye. Under the relending
program, a business may borrow up to $150,000. The interest rate ranges from 6
to 12 percent depending on the risk, which is assessed on a case-by-case basis.
The business must put up 10 percent in cash or equity; Dakota CDC can loan up to
75 percent of the project cost. Local bank participation in IRP loans is not
required as it is with 504 loans, but it is ""strongly encouraged, because we're
not in competition with local banks,'' said Dakota CDC's Sticka. Sticka said he
hopes the corporation's involvement in the program continues after this year.
""We are hopeful we will be able to come back and reapply for a similar amount
or more, primarily because we're serving areas of North Dakota that are not
being served currently,'' he said. ""We have the network set up; it just makes
sense.''

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1997 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              410 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 24, 2016 Friday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Request for Extension of a Currently Approved
Information Collection

LENGTH: 945  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



  DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Housing Service Rural Business-Cooperative
Service Notice of Request for Extension of a Currently Approved Information
Collection AGENCY: Rural Housing Service (RHS), and Rural Business-Cooperative
Service (RBS), USDA. ACTION: Proposed collection; Comments requested.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, this notice announces
the intention of the above-named Agencies to request an extension for a
currently approved information collection in support of debt settlement of
Community Facilities and Direct Business Program Loans and Grants. DATES:
Comments on this notice must be received by August 23, 2016 to be assured of
consideration. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: For inquiries on the Information
Collection Package, contact Anita Outen, Community Programs Specialist,
Community Programs, RHS, USDA, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Mail Stop 0787,
Washington, DC 20250-0787, Telephone (202) 720-1497, Email
anita.outen@wdc.usda.gov SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Title: 7 CFR part 1956,
subpart C--``Debt Settlement--Community and Business Programs.'' OMB Number:
0575-0124. Expiration Date of Approval: November 30, 2016. Type of Request:
Extension of a currently approved information collection.

Abstract: The following Community and Direct Business Programs loans and grants
are debt settled by this currently approved docket (0575-0124). The Community
Facilities loan and grant program is authorized by Section 306 of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1926) to make loans to
public entities, nonprofit corporations, and Indian tribes through the Community
Facilities program for the development of essential community facilities
primarily serving rural residents. The Economic Opportunity Act of 1964, Title 3
(Pub. L. 88-452), authorizes Economic Opportunity Cooperative loans to assist
incorporated and unincorporated associations to provide low-income rural
families essential processing, purchasing, or marketing services, supplies, or
facilities. The Food Security Act of 1985, Section 1323 (Pub. L. 99-198),
authorizes loan guarantees and grants to Nonprofit National Corporations to
provide technical and financial assistance to for- profit or nonprofit local
businesses in rural areas. The Business and Industry program is authorized by
Section 310 B (7 U.S.C. 1932) (Pub. L. 92.419, August 30, 1972) of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act to improve, develop, or finance
business, industry, and employment and improve the economic and environmental
climate in rural communities, including pollution abatement control. The
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, Section 310 B(c) (7 U.S.C.
1932(c)), authorizes Rural Business Enterprise Grants to public bodies and
nonprofit corporations to facilitate the development of private businesses in
rural areas. The Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, Section 310
B(f)(i) (7 U.S.C. 1932(c)), authorized Rural Cooperative Development Grants to
nonprofit institutions for the purpose of enabling such institutions to
establish and operate centers for rural cooperative development. The purpose of
the debt settlement function for the above programs is to provide the delinquent
client with an equitable tool for the compromise, adjustment, cancellation, or
charge-off of a debt owned to the Agency. The information collected is similar
to that required by a commercial lender in similar circumstances. Information
will be collected by the field offices from applicants, borrowers, consultants,
lenders, and attorneys. Failure to collect information could result in improper
servicing of these loans. Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this
collection of information is estimated to average 5.3 hours per response.
Respondents: Public bodies and nonprofit organizations. [[Page 41290]] Estimated
Number of Respondents: 35. Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 5.5.
Estimated Number of Responses: 193. Estimated Total Annual Burden on
Respondents: 1,041 hours. Copies of this information collection can be obtained
from Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, (202) 692-0040.
Comments Comments are invited on: (a) Whether the proposed collection of
information is necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the
Agency, including whether the information will have practical utility; (b) the
accuracy of the Agency's estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of
information, including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (c)
ways to enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of the information to be
collected; and (d) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information
on those who are to respond, including through the use of appropriate automated,
electronic, mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other
forms of information technology. Comments may be sent to Jeanne Jacobs,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture,
Rural Development, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Washington, DC 20250.
All responses to this notice will be summarized and included in the request for
OMB approval. All comments will also become a matter of public record. Dated:
June 14 2016. Tony Hernandez, Administrator, Rural Housing Service. [FR Doc.
2016-14994 Filed 6-23-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              411 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 25, 2016 Saturday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals

LENGTH: 897  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Business
Cooperative Service (RBS)



  Action



 Proposed collection; Comments requested.

 Summary



 In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, this notice announces
the intention of the above-named Agencies to request an extension for a
currently approved information collection in support of debt settlement of
Community Facilities and Direct Business Program Loans and Grants.



 Dates



 Comments on this notice must be received by August 23, 2016 to be assured of
consideration.

 For Further Information Contact



 For inquiries on the Information Collection Package, contact Anita Outen,
Community Programs Specialist, Community Programs, RHS, USDA, 1400 Independence
Ave. SW., Mail Stop 0787, Washington, DC 20250-0787, Telephone (202) 720-1497,
Email anita.outen@wdc.usda.gov

 Supplementary Information



 Title: 7 CFR part 1956, subpart C --"Debt Settlement--Community and Business
Programs."



 OMB Number: 0575-0124.



 Expiration Date of Approval: November 30, 2016.



 Type of Request: Extension of a currently approved information collection.



 Abstract: The following Community and Direct Business Programs loans and grants
are debt settled by this currently approved docket (0575-0124). The Community
Facilities loan and grant program is authorized by Section 306 of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1926) to make loans to
public entities, nonprofit corporations, and Indian tribes through the Community
Facilities program for the development of essential community facilities
primarily serving rural residents.



 The Economic Opportunity Act of 1964, Title 3 (Pub. L. 88-452), authorizes
Economic Opportunity Cooperative loans to assist incorporated and unincorporated
associations to provide low-income rural families essential processing,
purchasing, or marketing services, supplies, or facilities.



 The Food Security Act of 1985, Section 1323 (Pub. L. 99-198), authorizes loan
guarantees and grants to Nonprofit National Corporations to provide technical
and financial assistance to for-profit or nonprofit local businesses in rural
areas.



 The Business and Industry program is authorized by Section 310 B (7 U.S.C.
1932) (Pub. L. 92.419, August 30, 1972) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural
Development Act to improve, develop, or finance business, industry, and
employment and improve the economic and environmental climate in rural
communities, including pollution abatement control.



 The Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, Section 310 B(c) (7 U.S.C.
1932(c)), authorizes Rural Business Enterprise Grants to public bodies and
nonprofit corporations to facilitate the development of private businesses in
rural areas.



 The Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, Section 310 B(f)(i)(7 U.S.C.
1932(c)), authorized Rural Cooperative Development Grants to nonprofit
institutions for the purpose of enabling such institutions to establish and
operate centers for rural cooperative development.



 The purpose of the debt settlement function for the above programs is to
provide the delinquent client with an equitable tool for the compromise,
adjustment, cancellation, or charge-off of a debt owned to the Agency.



 The information collected is similar to that required by a commercial lender in
similar circumstances.



 Information will be collected by the field offices from applicants, borrowers,
consultants, lenders, and attorneys.



 Failure to collect information could result in improper servicing of these
loans.



 Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 5.3 hours per response.



 Respondents: Public bodies and nonprofit organizations.



 Estimated Number of Respondents: 35.



 Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 5.5.



 Estimated Number of Responses: 193.



 Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 1,041 hours.



 Copies of this information collection can be obtained from Jeanne Jacobs,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, (202) 692-0040.

 Comments



 Comments are invited on: (a) Whether the proposed collection of information is
necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the Agency, including
whether the information will have practical utility; (b) the accuracy of the
Agency's estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of information,
including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (c) ways to
enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of the information to be collected;
and (d) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information on those
who are to respond, including through the use of appropriate automated,
electronic, mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other
forms of information technology. Comments may be sent to Jeanne Jacobs,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture,
Rural Development, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Washington, DC 20250.
All responses to this notice will be summarized and included in the request for
OMB approval. All comments will also become a matter of public record.

 Dated: June 14 2016.

 Tony Hernandez,

 Administrator, Rural Housing Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-14994 Filed 6-23-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              412 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 5, 2014 Wednesday

Heitkamp Announces Significant Federal Funding and Loans for Tribal Colleges,
Head Start Facility

LENGTH: 875  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Heidi Heitkamp, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senator Heidi Heitkamp today announced more than $5.2 million in federal
funding and loans to support tribal colleges and Head Start programs across the
state.

Specifically, Cankedeska Cikana Community College will receive almost $4.5
million in federal loans to construct a new Head Start facility, and Sitting
Bull College, Turtle Mountain Community College, Fort Berthold Community
College, Cankedeska Cikana Community College, and United Tribes Technical
Community College will each receive $145,302 for new renovations and
constructions on campus.

"If we truly want our children to flourish, we need to focus on being good
stewards of their education," said Heitkamp. "Our young and native children in
particular are depending on us, and our ability to be responsible caretakers -
and we can't let them down. That's why I'm encouraged by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's investment in the future of North Dakota's young people by making
sure they have the loans and grants they need to build education facilities for
young children in Head Start to young adults in college. We must never lose
sight of the need to innovate and motivate our young people, and I'll keep
fighting for educational opportunities and funding for our Native children and
for our Head Start programs - because our community of tomorrow starts with a
commitment to our kids today."

The funds and loans are made available by the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
(USDA) Community Facilities Program, which focus on rural areas and towns with a
population of up to 20,000 in providing loans grants and loan guarantees for
essential community facilities which typically focus on education, health care,
and public safety.

The grants are distributed as follows:

Cankdeska Cikana Community College - $4,491,250: This federal loan is allocated
by the USDA's Community Facility Direct Loan program for the construction of a
centrally located Head Start Facility.
    Cankdeska Cikana Community College - $145,302: This federal funding is
allocated by the USDA's Community Facility Grant's Tribal College Initiative,
and will be used to construct the second part of a Cultural Center to house
artifacts and hold community events on campus.
    United Tribes Technical College - $145,302: This federal funding is
allocated by the USDA's Community Facility Grant's Tribal College Initiative,
and will be used to renovate two streets on campus, including curb and gutter
replacement and drainage problem corrections on campus.
    Sitting Bull College - $145,302: This federal funding is allocated by the
USDA's Community Facility Grant's Tribal College Initiative, and will be used to
construct the second part of the school's Lighting Project, which will connect
the northeast and southeast portions of the campus upon completion.
    Fort Berthold Community College - $145,302: This federal funding is
allocated by the USDA's Community Facility Grant's Tribal College Initiative,
and will be used to add a greenhouse to the school's campus.
    Turtle Mountain Community College - $145,302: This federal funding is
allocated by the USDA's Community Facility Grant's Tribal College Initiative,
and will be used to replace roofing for upgrades to the Medical Building on
campus.

Heitkamp has long been a strong supporter of improving the lives of North Dakota
young people through educational opportunities. Last year, she visited a Head
Start facility in Valley City to view firsthand the devastating impact
across-the-board spending cuts have on early education programs for low-income
families, and called on her colleagues in the Senate to negotiate a bipartisan
long-term budget that would spare such programs from additional cuts. For young
adults, Heitkamp has consistently pushed for practical strategies that will give
young people more long-term certainty on their student loan rates, and for
efforts that make college more affordable.

She has also made improving educational opportunities for Native students a top
priority.  Just last week, Heitkamp announced that Cannon Ball Elementary School
had been selected by Apple to receive in-class technological resources as part
of its partnership with the White House's ConnectEd Initiative, which focuses on
bringing more educational technology and broadband access into classrooms. Just
a few months earlier, Heitkamp wrote a letter to President Obama specifically
requesting additional funding for Cannon Ball Elementary School.

In September, Heitkamp launched her Strong & Safe Communities Initiative which
convenes a task force of experts and leaders across the state that will work
with Heitkamp to tackle new challenges facing North Dakota since the energy
boom, including challenges to Indian Country, increases in drug-related crimes,
human trafficking, infrastructure stress, the movement of crude by rail, as well
as other issues. Heitkamp will lead the task force and work with the members
over a five-year period to develop recommendations to help prepare and equip
North Dakota communities for the future.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              413 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               February 16, 2017

                          THE SHEFFIELD FOOTBALL TRUST

                                  CLEGG HOUSE
                              204 MEADOWHALL ROAD
                                   SHEFFIELD
                                WEMBLEY HA9 0WS


TRADE ADDRESS: Wembley Stadium, WEMBLEY HA9 0WS

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 09587064

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: May 12, 2015
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Peter Anthony Kay, Senior Facilities & Investment
     ·    Mr Spencer Anthony Taylor, Csr Development Manager
     ·    Mark Ian Coulson, Regional Facilities And Invest
     ·    Mr Jack Mathews, Football Development Manager
     ·    Mr Mark Todd, Head Of Community
     ·    Anne Marie Murphy, Social Worker


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    Muckle Secretary Limited


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Other sports activities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
93199
88000
93290

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: May 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: May 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  May 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Dormant
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  February 9, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  May 12, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  10,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/05/201         -         -
                                                   6
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       -         -         -
Other Current Assets                               -         -         -
Total Current Assets                               -         -         -
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                       0         -         -



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/05/201         -         -
                                                   6
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         -         -
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/05/201  -  -
                           6
                         GBP GB GB
                              P  P
Total Sales                -  -  -
Cost of Sales              -  -  -
Gross Profit               -  -  -
Operating Profit           -  -  -
Export                     -  -  -
Nontrading Income          -  -  -
Interest Payable           -  -  -
Pretax Profit              -  -  -
Taxation                   -  -  -
Profit After Tax           -  -  -
Dividends Payable          -  -  -
Retained Profits           -  -  -
Value Added                -  -  -
Capital Employed           0  -  -
Net Worth                  0  -  -
Working Capital            -  -  -
Emp. Renumeration          -  -  -
Dir. Renumeration          -  -  -
Audit Fees                 -  -  -
Non-audit Fees             -  -  -
Depreciation               -  -  -
Number of                  -  -  -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 15,375 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
92629 Other sporting activities not elsewhere
classified



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -1.26     4.05    21.21
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -2.79     2.04    13.38
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -3.01     2.23    15.13
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              48.68    105.7   255.56
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        8.32        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .31        1     1.81
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            22,385.2 37,485.7 68,194.5
                                                          5                 3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  11,340.2 20,173.9 43,253.1
                                                          1        1        6
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  26,207.1 52,902.0 121,853.
                                                          4        6        5
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  55.02       40    26.66



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  3
=        9
Year -1  -
=
Year -2  -
=
Year -3  -
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                    1/05/201 --
                                                           6
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                       - --
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                                 - --
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                     - --
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                  - --
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                   - --
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                                   - --
Export / Sales (%)                                         - --
Working Capital / Sales (%)                                - --
Sales / Stocks                                             - --
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales ) x           - --
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                       - --
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                         - --
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                                 - --
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                          - --
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                             - --
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                         - --
Current Liabilities / Stocks                               - --
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)          - --
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                          - --
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  - --
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                          - --
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                     0 --
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   - --
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   0 --
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                            - --
Value Added / Sales (%)                                    - --
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    - --
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                        - --
Sales / Audit Fees                                         - --
Total Assets / Audit Fees                                  0 --
Creditors / Debtors                                        - --
Total Debt / Working Capital                               - --
Total Debt / Total Assets                                  - --

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2017


                              414 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                January 5, 2017

                         INVERNESS ALBA COMMUNITY GROUP

                                 MURCHISON LAW
                               5 ARDROSS TERRACE
                                   INVERNESS
                               INVERNESS IV3 5NQ


TRADE ADDRESS: Murchison Law 5 Ardross Terrace, INVERNESS IV3 5NQ

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: SC485579

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: September 1, 2014
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Dolina Ross, Chief Instructor
     ·    Stephen James Thomas Spencer, Club Secretary


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Operation of arts facilities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Dissolved company

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
90040
93199

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: September 30, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: September 30

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  September 30, 2015
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  June 27, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  September 1, 2015
CREDIT LIMIT:  7,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           30/09/201         -         -
                                                   5
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                             880         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         -         -
Other Current Assets                             880         -         -
Total Current Assets                             880         -         -
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                     880         -         -



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           30/09/201         -         -
                                                   5
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                    880         -         -
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                880         -         -
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   30/09/201  -  -
                           5
                         GBP GB GB
                              P  P
Total Sales                -  -  -
Cost of Sales              -  -  -
Gross Profit               -  -  -
Operating Profit           -  -  -
Export                     -  -  -
Nontrading Income          -  -  -
Interest Payable           -  -  -
Pretax Profit              -  -  -
Taxation                   -  -  -
Profit After Tax           -  -  -
Dividends Payable          -  -  -
Retained Profits           -  -  -
Value Added                -  -  -
Capital Employed         880  -  -
Net Worth                880  -  -
Working Capital          880  -  -
Emp. Renumeration          -  -  -
Dir. Renumeration          -  -  -
Audit Fees                 -  -  -
Non-audit Fees             -  -  -
Depreciation               -  -  -
Number of                  -  -  -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 1,854 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
92320 Operation of arts facilities



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -4.23     2.14    21.82
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -4.9      .44    11.92
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -5.42      .52     9.73
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              46.15      125   285.37
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       10.69      1.5        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                     .5     1.03      2.1
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            16,419.7 23,251.5 36,092.8
                                                          3        8        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,000 17,116.2   23,000
                                                                   8
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  34,803.1   54,000 79,673.1
                                                          3                 2
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  41.08    32.32    22.28



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  2
=        8
Year -1  -
=
Year -2  -
=
Year -3  -
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                    0/09/201 --
                                                           5
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                       - --
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                                 - --
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                     - --
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                  - --
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                   - --
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                                   - --
Export / Sales (%)                                         - --
Working Capital / Sales (%)                                - --
Sales / Stocks                                             - --
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales ) x           - --
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                       - --
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                         - --
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                                 - --
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                          1 --
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                             - --
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                         - --
Current Liabilities / Stocks                               - --
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)          - --
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                          - --
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  - --
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                          - --
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                     - --
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   - --
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   - --
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                            - --
Value Added / Sales (%)                                    - --
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    - --
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                        - --
Sales / Audit Fees                                         - --
Total Assets / Audit Fees                                  - --
Creditors / Debtors                                        - --
Total Debt / Working Capital                               - --
Total Debt / Total Assets                                  - --

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2017


                              415 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Sunday Observer (Sri Lanka)

                            February 9, 2014 Sunday

LFSUS to support underserved communities

LENGTH: 454 words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Feb. 9 -- Borrowing for the basic need of shelter or other financial
necessities by low income earners have been a hassle with complexities such as
providing clear title deeds to lands and other formalities that have distanced
this segment of society from the financial sector.

To cater to this vacuum of not being able to access the formalised financial
sector, Lanka Financial Services for Underserved Settlements (LFSUS), a company
limited by guarantee was incorporated by local stakeholders to support the
financing of slum upgrading initiatives.

The Chairman of LFSUS, Chandula Abeywickrema and the Chairman of YES Foundation,
Tissamaharama, Pradeep Paranagama signed the agreement.

Officials of Hatton National Bank, Tissamaharama Branch and LFSUS General
Manager Terrence Keyser were also present.

LFSUS is supported by the United Nations Human Settlement Program.

LFSUS plays an intermediary role in facilitating MFI and commercial bank tie up
through a guarantee provided to create an effective partnership to reach
underserved communities with affordable finance for healthy, clean and habitable
housing.

LFSUS teamed up with Hatton National Bank in providing a loan facility of
Rs.17,730,000 to YES Foundation, Tissamaharama, an oganisation with more than 10
years of experience in working with the youth, women and child development, to
upgrade 129 houses spread across the region.

LFSUS operates via Community Based Organisations (CBOs) empowering them to
mobilise resources and institute action.

Local communities are in a position to find solutions to their problems,
provided that they are organised and empowered to do so.

LFSUS has supported the upgrading of 1,036 houses benefitting 4,355 recipients
in Kirulapona, Moratuwa, Kolonnawa and Kaduwela in the Western Province,
Ratnapura in the Sabaragamuwa Province, Galle, Deniyaya, Hambantota and
Tissamaharama in the Southern Province, and Nuwara Eliya and Nawalapitiya in the
Central Province.

These housing projects complement the livelihood means supported by the MFIs
catering to the specific requirements of the regions. The dawn of peace in the
country after decades of terrorism has opened new vistas in self-dependency in
cottage industries.

The means of livelihood have been enhanced given the resurgence of tourism
creating a paradigm shift from the traditional agriculture and fisheries to
handicraft and the supply chain created by the hotels and guest houses set up to
cater to the influx of tourists to every region in the country.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Sunday Observer (Sri Lanka).
For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


            Copyright 2014 The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              416 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                          September 1, 2010 Wednesday

Microfinance banks fear 18pc bad loans due to floods

LENGTH: 555  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


KARACHI, Sept. 1 -- Pakistan's microfinance banks feared to have lost around 18
percent of their outstanding loan portfolio to the floods, which displaced over
two million rural population and ravaged crops, livestock and infrastructure at
a massive scale, bank officials said on Monday.

"We foresee at least 3 to 4 billion rupees of provisioning against the
irrecoverable loans," said Mohsin Ahmed, CEO Pakistan Microfinance Network, the
representing body for all microfinance banks and institutions operating in the
country. "The situation looks bad in short term."

The microfinance banks have a cumulative customer base of 1.9 million people and
a total outstanding loan portfolio of Rs22 billion. These banks focus on the
rural areas with an aim to provide small loans, mostly below 100,000 rupees, to
low-income people.

Few days back, the central bank formed a committee comprising industry officials
to look into the situation, Ahmed said. "There are funding issues for us. But we
hope that multinational banks will step in to help us out." Under the
Microfinance Credit Guarantee Facility, commercial banks can lend money to
microfinance banks while central bank guarantees compensation of up to 40
percent losses.

Earlier, the central bank, in consultation with all the major banks, announced a
series of steps to help floods victims. The measures include issuing fresh loans
on easy terms on a fast track basis. Despite the higher rate of interest, the
recovery ratio of a microfinance loan is far better than the conventional loan.
However, the recent floods seemed to have curtailed the borrower's capacity to
repay loans and banks are finding themselves in hot waters.

President of Kashf Microfinance Bank Roshaned Zafar said that the overall impact
of floods could be gauged only after the assessment of damage. "I think there is
an immediate need for a risk mitigation fund, which could be used to advance
fresh loans."

The business of microfinance banks would suffer because the cost of
transportation and higher food prices would make it difficult for the customers
to payback loans, she said. "Off course it is going to be tough especially when
we are looking at billions of rupees lost in agriculture."

President of Khushhali Bank, Ghalib Nistar, said that the industry had Rs5.5
billion exposure in farming communities. "Things look critical but the
government is working on a strategy." He said the recapitalisation of the banks
was required on the similar line it happened in the Malakand division and other
places of Khyber Pukhtunkhwa.

The floods would give a double blow to the already struggling microfinance
sector of the country. The nascent sector missed the target of achieving 3
million customers by 2010 and most of the banks would now face a daunting task
of raising funds with their small branch networks. The microfinance banks'
dependence on grants came to an end in 2007 when the government turned them into
commercial institutions. Ahmed said that while the cheap financing for
flood-stricken people was necessary, it was equally imperative for the
microfinance banks to be commercially sustainable Published by HT Syndication
with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this
article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              417 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                      August 5, 2001 Sunday FINAL EDITION

Imperial offers bank loan help

BYLINE: Deborah Tetley

SOURCE: Calgary Herald; With a report by Wendy-Anne Thompson

SECTION: CITY, Pg. D1 / FRONT

LENGTH: 384 words


Imperial Oil will provide up to tens of thousands of dollars in loan guarantees
to "a handful" of Lynnview Ridge residents whose property is contaminated.

A letter sent to residents of the southeast Calgary community on Friday states
the company believes a timely, effective remediation program is the best way to
restore property values and residents' "sense of security and pride in their
neighbourhood."

But one resident who received the letter said the offer is nothing more than
"bubble gum and duct tape."

Imperial Oil spokesman Pius Rolheiser said Saturday a few residents caught in
urgent situations were offered financial support in the form of a loan
guarantee, with the individual amounts ranging from "hundreds to thousands to
maybe tens of thousands of dollars.

"We aren't giving anyone any cash," Rolheiser said.

"But say, for example, someone needs to renegotiate their mortgage, or someone
needs to make a larger purchase, we have provided a loan guarantee to their
bank."

Homeowner Tom McMahon, who wants to sell his property and move, said he laughed
when he read the letter and spoke with several other residents living on
contaminated land who view the offer of "collateral" as another delay tactic.

"(The company) just wants to appear to smooth things over and make it all nice
and rosy," he said.

"Their credibility has gone out the door. This letter is going to my lawyer and
they can battle it out."

Rolheiser said some individual residents are pleased with the offer.

"We don't want people to suffer because of this situation."

Last week, the company released its final results from soil sampling, conducted
over the past three months, at two open houses.

Lead levels found in the neighbourhood are higher than the national guidelines.

The city already conducted air-quality and soil tests of the area, involving 250
homes in the southeast neighbourhood.

The findings are being traced to an oil refinery operated in the area by
Imperial Oil between 1920 and the 1970s, before the homes were built.

Residents who attended the open houses demanded compensation and said they
wanted to be bought out.

The letter said these demands will be part of the company's remedial options
report to Alberta Environment which will be filed on Aug. 16.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2001 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              418 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                                January 12, 2017

            Edgecombe-Martin County Electric Membership Corporation

                              N.C. Highway 33 East
                                 Tarboro 27886
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


USDA Reaches Goal To Fund $250m In Smart Grid Improvements

   Sep 07, 2012

   The U.S. Development of Agriculture (USDA) reached its $250m goal to finance
smart grid technologies to help modernize nation's electric system. USDA also
announced nine rural electric cooperatives and utilities in 10 states including
North Carolina will receive loan guarantees to make improvements to generation
and transmission facilities and implement smart grid technologies.With the
announcement of more than $27m in smart grid investments, USDA has met President
Obama's goal and has further enabled rural utilities to make efficiency
improvements to the electric grid that will help consumers lower their electric
bills by reducing energy use in homes and businesses.Tom Vilsack, secretary at
USDA, said, Grid modernization and deployment of 'smart grid' technology will
increase the reliability and efficiency of electric power generation. Providing
reliable, affordable electrical service contributes to stronger rural economies
and is the backbone for a prosperous rural America. These loans will help ensure
that rural areas can retain existing businesses, support new ones and have
reliable, up-to-date infrastructure. The administration has outlined a framework
for a modernized electric system that will benefit all Americans. This framework
lays out a number of public and private initiatives, including a goal of $250m
in loans for smart-grid technology deployment as part of the USDA's Rural
Utility Service, which is focused on upgrading the electric grid in rural
America. This $250m investment in loan funds for smart grid technologies means
infrastructure investment at virtually no cost to the taxpayer. These
technologies will facilitate the integration of renewable sources of electricity
into the grid, help avoid blackouts and restore power quicker when outages
occur, and reduce the need for new power plants. North Carolina's Piedmont
Electric Membership Corporation received a $30m guaranteed loan from USDA to
extend its system by 52 miles and help provide service to about 1,000 new member
consumers. The cooperative will also increase capacity for 100 current consumers
and improve the reliability of about 40 miles of line. The cooperative installed
a new automated meter system (AMI) with funds from a previous loan and will
invest approximately $150,000 of the funds from this new loan on new AMI meters
for the 1,000 new member consumers. USDA also announced that two other
cooperatives in North Carolina will receive loan guarantees. Brunswick Electric
Membership Corporation will receive a $21.5m loan to build and improve 220 miles
of distribution line and make other system improvements. Edgecombe-Martin County
Electric Membership Corporation will receive a $6.4m loan. The firm will use
about $1m of the loan to install automatic meters (AMIs). The following is a
list of rural utilities that will receive USDA funding, which is contingent upon
the recipient meeting the terms of the loan agreement. Tri-State Generation and
Transmission Association, Inc. will receive $140.5m loan to build 50 miles of
transmission line and make upgrades to the existing generation and transmission
facilities in Colorado, Nebraska, New Mexico and Wyoming. The loan amount
includes $21.8m in smart grid projects and $808,780 in environmental
improvements. The Ark Valley Electric Cooperative Association, Inc. will receive
$6.13m loan to build and improve 355 miles of distribution line and make other
system improvements in Kansa. The loan amount includes $2.01m in smart grid
projects. Stearns Cooperative Electric Association will receive $23.6m loan to
improve 147 miles of distribution line and make other system improvements in
Minnesota. The loan amount includes $974,085 in smart grid projects. Agralite
Electric Cooperative will receive $5.2m loan to build and improve 61 miles of
distribution line and make other system improvements in Minnesota. The loan
amount includes $180,968 in smart grid projects. Northeast Missouri Electric
Power Cooperative will receive $30.1m loan to build and improve 24 miles of
transmission line, build three new substations and make other improvements in
Missouri and Iowa. The loan amount includes $500,000 in smart grid projects.
Edgecombe-Martin County Electric Membership Corporation will receive $6.4m loan
to build and improve 310 miles of distribution line and two miles of
transmission line and make other system improvements in North Carolina. The loan
amount includes $1.1m in smart grid projects. Piedmont Electric Membership
Corporation will receive $30m loan to build and improve 108 miles of
distribution line and five miles of transmission line and make other system
improvements in North Carolina. Brunswick Electric Membership Corporation will
receive $21.5m loan to build and improve 220 miles of distribution line and make
other system improvements in North Carolina. Chippewa Valley Electric
Cooperative will receive $6m loan to build and improve 88 miles of distribution
line and make other system improvements in Wisconsin. The loan amount includes
$255,833 in smart grid projects. The $269m in loan guarantees announced are
provided by USDA Rural Development's Rural Utilities Service (RUS). The funding
helps electric utilities upgrade, expand, maintain and replace rural America's
electric infrastructure. USDA Rural Development also funds energy conservation
and renewable energy projects. USDA, through its rural development mission area,
administers and manages housing, business and community infrastructure programs
through a national network of state and local offices. Rural Development has an
active portfolio of more than $172 billion in loans and loan guarantees. These
programs are designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities,
businesses, residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in
rural America.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2017


                              419 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Hong Kong Government News

                      December 17, 2012 Monday 6:30 AM EST

LegCo to consider a proposed resolution on appointing a select committee

LENGTH: 1506  words


Hong Kong, Dec. 17 -- Hong Kong SAR Government issued the following news
release:

The following is issued on behalf of Legislative Council Secretariat:

The Legislative Council (LegCo) will hold a meeting on Wednesday (December 19)
at 11am in the Chamber of the LegCo Complex. During the meeting, Members will
consider a proposed resolution on appointing a select committee to inquire into
the unauthorized building works in House Nos. 4 and 5 of the Chief Executive, Mr
Leung Chun-ying, at No. 4 Peel Rise on the Peak and related issues.

The proposed resolution, to be moved by Mr Lee Cheuk-yan under the Legislative
Council (Powers and Privileges) Ordinance, states: "That this Council appoints a
select committee to inquire into the unauthorized building works in House Nos. 4
and 5 of the Chief Executive of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Mr
Leung Chun-ying at No. 4 Peel Rise on the Peak and related issues; and that in
the performance of its duties the committee be authorized under section 9(2) of
the Legislative Council (Powers and Privileges) Ordinance (Cap. 382) to exercise
the powers conferred by section 9(1) of that Ordinance."

Meanwhile, Members will debate a motion on the Small and Medium Enterprises
Financing Guarantee Scheme. The motion, to be moved by Mr Chung Kwok-pan states:
"That, with the uncertain external economy and the slowdown in the Mainland's
economic growth, the Hong Kong economy may have downside risks in the future,
making the prospects for the operation of small and medium enterprises (SMEs)
difficult; the Hong Kong Mortgage Corporation Limited, with the support of the
SAR Government, introduced the Special Concessionary Measures under the Small
and Medium Enterprises Financing Guarantee Scheme (the Scheme) in late May this
year to provide 80% guarantee coverage to SMEs at a concessionary level of
guarantee fee, with the application period of nine months; under the Scheme,
banks only need to bear 20% of the risks, but the interest rates levied are on a
par with the interest rates of ordinary commercial loans, being as high as 5% to
6%; under the quantitative easing policy of the United States, the Hong Kong
Interbank Offered Rate for a period of one year is as low as 0.86%, and banks'
property mortgage rates are also as low as some 2%, reflecting that the interest
rates under the Scheme are unreasonable, and the Scheme is unable to really help
SMEs tide over financing difficulties; in this connection, this Council urges
the Government to:

(1) negotiate with banks to lower the interest rates under the Scheme, so as to
alleviate the loan burden on SMEs;

(2) extend the application period of the Scheme, relax the application
restrictions and lower the approval threshold; and

(3) make assessments having regard to the future economic development, and
regularly review the needs of implementing the Scheme and its adequacy, so as to
assist SMEs in resolving capital flow problems."

Mr Jeffrey Lam and Mr Tang Ka-piu will move separate amendments to Mr Chung
Kwok-pan's motion.

Members will also debate a motion on reviving the quality of local education and
stopping the blind industrialization of education. The motion, to be moved by
Mrs Regina Ip, states: "That, as the former Chief Executive proposed in 2009 to
develop education services, profit-making has consequently become the objective
of quite a number of tertiary institutions; for example, the successive
uncovering of the over-enrollment and inadequate facilities of the community
colleges affiliated to the Lingnan University and to the University of Hong Kong
has reflected that in recent years, local post-secondary colleges have, for the
sake of chasing profits, concentrated their resources on offering a lot of
self-financing degree and associate degree programmes with high tuition fees but
recognition of their qualifications in doubt, thus causing local students
holding such qualifications upon graduation to face the quandary of having their
academic qualifications questioned by employers, and to bear huge amounts of
debt due to high tuition fees; besides, since some private universities and the
community colleges affiliated to various major institutions have concentrated
their limited resources on programmes which aim at attracting mainland students
to study in Hong Kong, many local students face the difficult problem of being
unable to receive appropriate tertiary education owing to insufficient places
despite their fulfillment of the entry requirements; worse still, the
Government's sale of precious land resources to international school groups at
nominal prices and its permission for such schools to charge overseas students
high tuition fees for profiteering not only cannot help attract foreign
investment but also dilute local students' share of educational resources; the
aforesaid practices actually cannot help students to devote themselves to
society, are not conducive to upgrading the academic standards of local tertiary
institutions, and undermine Hong Kong's long-term development; in this
connection, this Council urges the Government to adopt the following measures:

(1) to reiterate to society that education is for upgrading students' quality in
the five areas of personality, intellectuality, physicality, sociability and
aesthetics, increasing upward mobility opportunities for the middle class and
the grassroots, narrowing the rich-poor gap and fostering social progress, and
is not a profit-making tool for the highest bidder;

(2) to draw up a policy for regulating tertiary institutions on programme offers
and student admission to ensure that the academic standards of the degree
programmes offered are recognized by the Government's Qualifications Framework;
and, all things being equal, to accord admission priority to local students who
meet the required entry requirements, so as to satisfy local people's keen
demand for education as far as possible;

(3) to ensure that public money is used for upgrading the qualifications of
teachers, scientific research capability and campus facilities of local
publicly-funded universities, assisting local poor students who meet entry
requirements, and financing local outstanding students' participation in
exchange programmes at overseas universities, so as to uphold the principle of
public resources for public use; and, to further equip Hong Kong people to meet
the ever-growing challenges in the international community, promote Hong Kong's
global competitiveness and maintain Hong Kong's status as a first-class world
city;

(4) to adopt appropriate policies to encourage universities to concentrate their
resources on upgrading their scientific research capability and academic
standards, and to assist local universities in inviting first-class academics
from outside Hong Kong to conduct exchanges and even engage in teaching in Hong
Kong; and

(5) by drawing on the experience of advanced countries, to allocate more
resources for facilitating research co-operation between the academia and the
industries, and to assist universities in obtaining more technological research
funding through high technology industrialization to form a value-added
'technological research industry chain', so as to enable Hong Kong tertiary
institutions to add value to themselves and facilitate the upgrading and
transformation of Hong Kong industries."

Dr Fernando Cheung, Ms Claudia Mo, Ms Starry Lee, Mr Gary Fan, Dr Helena Wong,
Mr Ip Kin-yuen, Mr Ma Fung-kwok, Mr Charles Mok and Mr Paul Tse will move
separate amendments to Mrs Regina Ip's motion.

In addition, Mr Andrew Leung will also move a proposed resolution under section
34(4) of the Interpretation and General Clauses Ordinance to extend the period
for amending the Competition Ordinance (Commencement) Notice 2012 laid on the
table of the LegCo on November 28, 2012 to the meeting of January 16, 2013.

Secretary for Commerce and Economic Development will also move a proposed
resolution under the Hong Kong Export Credit Insurance Corporation Ordinance to
resolve that the contingent liability of the Hong Kong Export Credit Insurance
Corporation under contracts of insurance must not at any time exceed the sum of
40,000 million dollars.

During the meeting, Members will also ask the Administration 20 questions on
various policy areas, six of which require oral replies.

The agenda of the above meeting can be obtained via the LegCo website
(www.legco.gov.hk). Please note that the agenda is subject to change, and the
latest information about the agenda could be found in the LegCo website.

Members of the public are welcome to observe the proceedings of the meeting from
the public galleries of the Chamber of the LegCo Complex. They may reserve seats
by calling 3919 3399 during office hours. Seats will be allocated on a
first-come-first-served basis. Members of the public can also watch or listen
the meeting via the web broadcast system on the LegCo website.

Source: Hong Kong SAR Government

Website: news.gov.hk

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


      Copyright 2012 Hong Kong Government News, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              420 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Edge Malaysia

                               December 22, 2008

SMEs Going Global: Remaining relevant

BYLINE: --

LENGTH: 1095 words


One of the key financial institutions which will play a role in strengthening
the competitiveness of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in the coming
year will be the Credit Guarantee Corporation (CGC) Malaysia Bhd. The Edge sent
questions to its managing director Datuk Wan Azhar Wan Ahmad (picture) on the
role the agency expects to play next year and the challenges it faces.

The organisation has set itself an ambitious three-year turnaround plan from
which it hopes to emerge as a financially sustainable institution so that it no
longer has to rely on government funding to keep its operations going.

Wan Azhar also points out the challenge CGC faces in creating innovative
products and services that are complementary to those provided by financial
institutions and that meet the increasing needs of diverse SMEs.

Ultimately, he says, "The challenge for the corporation is to remain relevant to
SMEs as well as the lending institutions."

The Edge: Has the role of CGC evolved in any way over the years?

Wan Azhar: In the early years, CGC focused on helping small enterprises in the
agricultural, commercial and industrial sectors. The maximum for individual
loans ranged from RM5,000 to RM75,000, depending on the purpose and size of the
enterprise, usually for working capital or for capital assets.

Since 1994, CGC's target groups have been expanded to include medium-sized
businesses covering all sectors so as to better complement the government's
efforts in promoting and developing businesses in certain industries. The loans
guaranteed ranged from as low as RM10,000 to RM10 million.

In recent years, CGC has been gearing itself towards becoming a financially
sustainable institution through its three-year transformation plan. Amongst
others under this plan, the loan guarantees will be extended based on the risk
profile of the borrowers, which would allow those with good credit ratings to
enjoy more competitive rates and vice versa.

What is your main challenge today and what are your CEO's/organisation's key
performance indexes (KPIs)?

The main challenge is managing the quality of loans. Traditionally, CGC handles
borrowers who are unable or face difficulty in obtaining financing on their own
credit standing. Improving the quality of loans of this group, especially during
an economic slow down, is going to be a major challenge.

The expected economic downturn poses newer challenges as more SMEs may turn to
CGC for guarantees. SMEs may face cash flow problems and find it difficult to
honour their obligations to CGC. As a key supporter of SMEs, we have to be
proactive to help them to tide over difficult times. However, this creates a
strain on our capacity to continue extending guarantee facilities to SMEs.

CGC continues to face the challenge of creating innovative products and services
that are complementary to those provided by the financial institutions and that
meet the increasing needs of diverse SMEs. The challenge for the corporation is
to remain relevant to SMEs as well as the lending institutions.

What are the main misconceptions entrepreneurs/borrowers have when they come to
you?

Among the main misconceptions are as follows:

i. CGC is a direct lender (bank) and it extends loans directly to the customers.

ii. Minimal documentation is required for CGC loan and all applications
submitted are approved because it is a government agency that is specially set
up to help substandard SMEs.

iii. CGC is an agency to channel government funds to SMEs and therefore loans
need not be serviced or paid back.

iv. CGC acts as a guarantor to the company (business) and not a guarantor to the
bank.

v. Interest rates under CGC guarantees (schemes) are lower than commercial rates
as they are subsidised by the government.

vi. A referral letter from a politician will ensure an application will be
approved.

vii. CGC is established to assist bumiputera SMEs only.

viii. CGC is duty-bound to help all businesses regardless of viability.

CGC continuously undertakes initiatives to inform and educate the SME community
of its role as the sole credit enhancer set up by the government to enhance SMEs
access to financing facilities with financial institutions.

Have you tightened credit in any way over the past two months? Do you see
further tightening in the future? Are there any sectors you will not lend to?

We have been more diligent and thorough in our credit evaluations to ensure that
only viable businesses gain access to loan guarantees. This is not to be
misinterpreted as a way to "tighten" credit but it is a practice to ensure that
our loan quality is maintained.

We will continue with the commitment to provide loan guarantees to SMEs that
have potential and also to those who have viable businesses but are facing
financial constraints under the current economic situation.

This current environment of tight credit can, potentially, allow you to play a
stronger role in helping SMEs go global. Where SMEs from other nations cannot
move forward because of credit problems, our SMEs can win business and perhaps
increase market share if they have access to credit guarantees. Do you think
this is a realistic scenario from your view point or do you think this is more
the responsibility of the EximBank?

CGC essentially focuses on helping SMEs that are doing business in the domestic
market. However, we believe a strong home-grown SME with adequate financial
support from local financial institutions, can venture abroad to further expand
their business.

Can you give a breakdown of how much you gave out last year versus this year as
of November. What ratio of loans end up as NPLs?

This will only be finalised by year-end.

Is there any political interference in how you assess who gets credit guarantees
?

Occasionally, we do have applicants requesting for special consideration to be
accorded. However, all applications are still required to go through the same
set of processing guidelines and policies. Applications are handled in a
transparent and fair manner.

Do you think our SMEs have made progress in going global? Which areas do they
still need to further improve?

Our SMEs have certainly gone abroad and made a name for themselves, especially
the ones that have a strong reputation in terms of quality, transparency and
professionalism. To further improve their market access, they have to think of
enhancing their brand image, marketing strategies and innovative abilities.
Businesses that are strong domestically, especially with a strong brand image,
will survive in a highly competitive environment brought about by trade
liberalisation.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2008 The Edge Communications Sdn. Bhd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              421 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             India Investment News

                      November 28, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Walton Edgemont Development Corp Reports Third Quarter 2016 Fiscal Results

LENGTH: 1834  words


Nov. 28 -- Walton Edgemont Development Corporation (the "Corporation") announced
today its results for the third quarter of 2016. The Corporation was launched in
2011 to provide investors with the opportunity to participate in the acquisition
and development of the approximately 201.5 acres comprising the "Edgemont"
properties located in southwest Edmonton, Alberta.

Marketed under the name "Woodhaven Edgemont," the community will be developed in
four phases over an anticipated ten-year time frame and upon completion, is
anticipated to comprise 656 single-family lots, 2.0 acres of multi-family
development, parks and natural areas. Phase 1 consists of 181 lots and
approximately 2.0 acres of multi-family development. The timing for the release
of Phase 2 lots to the homebuilder group will be based on general economic and
market conditions and specific activity in the sector. Based on current market
conditions management anticipates construction of Phase 2 to begin in the spring
of 2017 with serviced lot delivery to the builders in 2017. Management will
continue to monitor and assess the economic conditions in the Edmonton market to
determine any significant changes that may impact the ultimate timing for
delivery of Phase 2.

Third Quarter Highlights

During the third quarter of 2016, the Corporation undertook the following
initiatives:

* Completed Construction Completion Certificate ("CCC") inspections with the
City of Edmonton for all major underground and surface works associated with
Phase 1 including 199th Street and the Edgemont Sanitary Lift Station;

* Continued to actively engage homebuilders, including those who participated in
Phase 1 of the project as well as new home builders interested in the project,
to obtain commitments for lot inventory in Phase 2;

* Furthered negotiations on formal agreements with adjacent landowners for
consent to register right-of-ways and construct infrastructure to service Phase
2 of the project;

* Continued 199th Street landscaping which was completed on October 26, 2016
with the CCC inspection scheduled for completion in spring 2017;

* Neighourhood Design Report ("NDR") amendments were submitted to the City of
Edmonton on July 7, 2016, including a revised servicing plan that was accepted
by the City of Edmonton on September 9, 2016;

* Natural Area Management Plan ("NAMP") amendments were submitted to the City of
Edmonton on August 5, 2016 and were subsequently approved on September 26, 2016;

* Phase 2 engineering design drawings were resubmitted to the City of Edmonton
on September 28, 2016. Updates included servicing amendments through the
adjacent parcel, NAMP amendments and the overall NDR updates associated with the
relocation of the future sanitary lift station; and

* The Corporation elected to exercise its right to convert the Debentures and
Interest Debentures into Class B shares on September 30, 2016. Approximately
$32.3 million of Debentures, Interest Debentures and accrued interest
outstanding was converted into 38,350,643 Class B shares.

With the slowdown of Edmonton's economy as a result of global oil prices, the
adverse impacts to the overall market conditions for suburban single-family
residential housing in 2015 have persisted to date within 2016. Notwithstanding
the short term forecast for the remainder of 2016, the fundamental economic
indicators such as Gross Domestic Product ("GDP"), net migration, housing starts
and oil prices are predicted to recover to positive levels in 2017. Management
continues to actively negotiate with homebuilders and is optimistic that
commitments for lot inventory in Phase 2 can be obtained to allow construction
of Phase 2 to commence in the spring of 2017 for serviced lot delivery to
builders in the fall of 2017, aligning with the projected economic recovery.
Management will continue to monitor key economic indicators such as the
unemployment rate, Alberta GDP growth, interest rates and the resale and new
home markets in the Edmonton market to determine any significant changes that
may impact the ultimate timing for delivery of Phase 2 lots.

There are 177 third-party sales of single family homes in the community as of
September 30, 2016. While management remains optimistic that there will be
continued demand for new housing in Edmonton, the current sales activity is
behind the original targeted sales pace for the Project. Subject to the timing
and extent of the projected economic recovery for Edmonton, the forecasted
project duration for collection of final revenue and receipt of recoveries owing
to the Partnership is anticipated to be 2021. The Corporation will continue to
provide regular updates on market conditions and project performance based on
the key economic indicators for Edmonton. The Board and management continue to
actively investigate strategies including pursuing vertical development
opportunities to enhance the return on investment for investors.

The Corporation has an interim bridge facility of $17.7 million ("Interim Bridge
Facility") with a Canadian financial institution. Effective September 30, 2016,
the Interim Bridge Facility was amended to extend the maturity date to January
1, 2017. In addition, the Corporation has entered into a non-binding Letter of
Intent ("LOI") with the lender for a $41.46 million non-revolving facility to
finance the remainder of Phase 2 ("Phase 2 Loan"). The LOI proposal consists of
a $34.86 million non-revolving demand loan to be released in three stages as
various conditions precedent are met, and a $6.60 million letter of credit
facility. Included in the Phase 2 Loan is an interest reserve of $1,900,000. The
Phase 2 Loan is proposed to bear interest that is the greater of (i) bank prime+
1.25% or (ii) 3.95%, and the letters of credit bear interest at a rate of 1.00%
per annum for all drawn amounts. The Phase 2 Loan would be due 24 months from
the date of the first advance under each stage. The facility would be secured by
a limited liability guarantee in the amount of $17,500,000 from Walton Global
Investments Ltd. ("WGI"), including full cost overrun and completion guarantee
and a debt service agreement. The LOI with respect to the Phase 2 Loan in
non-binding and there is no guarantee that the proposed lender will enter into
and provide the Phase 2 Loan.

Third Quarter Financial Results

During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30,
2015, the Corporation did not recognize any revenue from lot sales and incurred
no cost of sales related to lots sold. Total other expenses increased by $25,295
from $227,268 for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to $252,563 for the
three months ended September 30, 2016. The increase in other expenses is mainly
due to an increase in management fees of $65,295 which has been determined in
accordance with the Management Services Agreement and an increase of $4,815 in
professional fees due to increased audit fees. These were offset by a decrease
in marketing expenses of $5,248 which is due to a reduced marketing program due
to the deferral of Phase 2 and a decrease in servicing fees of $35,203 as this
fee is no longer payable as part of the Management Services Agreement.

Total other expenses increased by $28,774 from $665,989 for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015 to $694,763 for the nine months ended September 30,
2016. The increase in other expenses is mainly due to an increase in directors'
fees of $29,342 due to increased compensation paid to each independent board
member. In addition, during the second quarter of 2015, there was only one
independent director compared to two in 2016. Management fees also increased by
$66,096. In accordance with the terms of the management agreement, the
determination of the management fee is based on the book value of the Property,
which has increased as a result of continued construction. This increase was
offset by a decrease in marketing expenses of $13,979 which is due to a reduced
marketing program due to the deferral of Phase 2, an increase in interest income
of $18,365 relating to interest accrued on the restricted cash balance and a
decrease in servicing fees of $35,011 as this fee is no longer payable as part
of the Management Services Agreement.

Walton Asset Management LP ("WAM"), which manages the Corporation, continues to
undertake that management notwithstanding that its management fees are being
accrued and will not be paid until the Corporation has sufficient capital for
the payments of such amounts. In the third quarter of 2016, a total of $211,754
in management fees were accrued. The total amount of management and servicing
fees outstanding and payable to WAM as at September 30, 2016 is $2,983,317.

The Corporation elected to exercise its right to convert the Debentures,
Interest Debentures and accrued interest on the Debentures and Interest
Debentures into Class B shares on September 30, 2016. Any unpaid accrued
interest to September 29, 2016 was converted to Class B shares. Upon conversion,
holders of Debentures received, for each $1,000 amount of Debentures and
outstanding interest (including all previously issued Interest Debentures),
1,187.4129 Class B shares. As a result, the carrying value of $32,297,632 of
Debentures, Interest Debentures and accrued interest on the Debentures and
Interest Debentures were converted into 38,350,643 Class B shares.

As each holder of Class B shares prior to the conversion were also holder of
Debentures and Interest Debentures at that time based on the proportions issued
by the Corporation under its original prospectus and private placement
offerings, the percentage of the total number of outstanding Class B shares held
by each such shareholder immediately prior to the conversion did not change as a
result of the conversion.

Additional Information

The Corporation is managed by WAM and the development of the project is managed
by Walton Development and Management LP, both of which are members of the Walton
Group of Companies.

The Walton Group of Companies ("Walton") is a multinational real estate
investment, planning, and development group concentrating on the research,
acquisition, administration, planning and development of strategically located
land in major North American growth corridors.

Walton has been in business for over 30 years and takes a long-term approach to
land planning and development. Walton's industry-leading expertise in real
estate investment, land planning and development uniquely positions Walton to
responsibly transition land into sustainable communities where people live, work
and play.

Its communities are comprehensively designed in collaboration with local
residents for the benefit of community stakeholders. Its goal is to build
communities that will stand the test of time: hometowns for present and future
generations.

For more information about Walton Edgemont Development Corporation, please visit
www.sedar.com. For more information about Walton, visit www.Walton.com.

Source: Walton Edgemont Development Corp

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              422 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                               February 27, 2017

                         Agralite Electric Cooperative

                              320 East Highway 12
                                  Benson 56215
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


USDA Reaches Goal To Fund $250m In Smart Grid Improvements

   Sep 07, 2012

   The U.S. Development of Agriculture (USDA) reached its $250m goal to finance
smart grid technologies to help modernize nation's electric system. USDA also
announced nine rural electric cooperatives and utilities in 10 states including
North Carolina will receive loan guarantees to make improvements to generation
and transmission facilities and implement smart grid technologies.With the
announcement of more than $27m in smart grid investments, USDA has met President
Obama's goal and has further enabled rural utilities to make efficiency
improvements to the electric grid that will help consumers lower their electric
bills by reducing energy use in homes and businesses.Tom Vilsack, secretary at
USDA, said, Grid modernization and deployment of 'smart grid' technology will
increase the reliability and efficiency of electric power generation. Providing
reliable, affordable electrical service contributes to stronger rural economies
and is the backbone for a prosperous rural America. These loans will help ensure
that rural areas can retain existing businesses, support new ones and have
reliable, up-to-date infrastructure. The administration has outlined a framework
for a modernized electric system that will benefit all Americans. This framework
lays out a number of public and private initiatives, including a goal of $250m
in loans for smart-grid technology deployment as part of the USDA's Rural
Utility Service, which is focused on upgrading the electric grid in rural
America. This $250m investment in loan funds for smart grid technologies means
infrastructure investment at virtually no cost to the taxpayer. These
technologies will facilitate the integration of renewable sources of electricity
into the grid, help avoid blackouts and restore power quicker when outages
occur, and reduce the need for new power plants. North Carolina's Piedmont
Electric Membership Corporation received a $30m guaranteed loan from USDA to
extend its system by 52 miles and help provide service to about 1,000 new member
consumers. The cooperative will also increase capacity for 100 current consumers
and improve the reliability of about 40 miles of line. The cooperative installed
a new automated meter system (AMI) with funds from a previous loan and will
invest approximately $150,000 of the funds from this new loan on new AMI meters
for the 1,000 new member consumers. USDA also announced that two other
cooperatives in North Carolina will receive loan guarantees. Brunswick Electric
Membership Corporation will receive a $21.5m loan to build and improve 220 miles
of distribution line and make other system improvements. Edgecombe-Martin County
Electric Membership Corporation will receive a $6.4m loan. The firm will use
about $1m of the loan to install automatic meters (AMIs). The following is a
list of rural utilities that will receive USDA funding, which is contingent upon
the recipient meeting the terms of the loan agreement. Tri-State Generation and
Transmission Association, Inc. will receive $140.5m loan to build 50 miles of
transmission line and make upgrades to the existing generation and transmission
facilities in Colorado, Nebraska, New Mexico and Wyoming. The loan amount
includes $21.8m in smart grid projects and $808,780 in environmental
improvements. The Ark Valley Electric Cooperative Association, Inc. will receive
$6.13m loan to build and improve 355 miles of distribution line and make other
system improvements in Kansa. The loan amount includes $2.01m in smart grid
projects. Stearns Cooperative Electric Association will receive $23.6m loan to
improve 147 miles of distribution line and make other system improvements in
Minnesota. The loan amount includes $974,085 in smart grid projects. Agralite
Electric Cooperative will receive $5.2m loan to build and improve 61 miles of
distribution line and make other system improvements in Minnesota. The loan
amount includes $180,968 in smart grid projects. Northeast Missouri Electric
Power Cooperative will receive $30.1m loan to build and improve 24 miles of
transmission line, build three new substations and make other improvements in
Missouri and Iowa. The loan amount includes $500,000 in smart grid projects.
Edgecombe-Martin County Electric Membership Corporation will receive $6.4m loan
to build and improve 310 miles of distribution line and two miles of
transmission line and make other system improvements in North Carolina. The loan
amount includes $1.1m in smart grid projects. Piedmont Electric Membership
Corporation will receive $30m loan to build and improve 108 miles of
distribution line and five miles of transmission line and make other system
improvements in North Carolina. Brunswick Electric Membership Corporation will
receive $21.5m loan to build and improve 220 miles of distribution line and make
other system improvements in North Carolina. Chippewa Valley Electric
Cooperative will receive $6m loan to build and improve 88 miles of distribution
line and make other system improvements in Wisconsin. The loan amount includes
$255,833 in smart grid projects. The $269m in loan guarantees announced are
provided by USDA Rural Development's Rural Utilities Service (RUS). The funding
helps electric utilities upgrade, expand, maintain and replace rural America's
electric infrastructure. USDA Rural Development also funds energy conservation
and renewable energy projects. USDA, through its rural development mission area,
administers and manages housing, business and community infrastructure programs
through a national network of state and local offices. Rural Development has an
active portfolio of more than $172 billion in loans and loan guarantees. These
programs are designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities,
businesses, residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in
rural America.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2017


                              423 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                                January 10, 2017

               Ark Valley Electric Cooperative Association, Inc.

                              10 East 10th Street
                             South Hutchinson 67505
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


USDA Reaches Goal To Fund $250m In Smart Grid Improvements

   Sep 07, 2012

   The U.S. Development of Agriculture (USDA) reached its $250m goal to finance
smart grid technologies to help modernize nation's electric system. USDA also
announced nine rural electric cooperatives and utilities in 10 states including
North Carolina will receive loan guarantees to make improvements to generation
and transmission facilities and implement smart grid technologies.With the
announcement of more than $27m in smart grid investments, USDA has met President
Obama's goal and has further enabled rural utilities to make efficiency
improvements to the electric grid that will help consumers lower their electric
bills by reducing energy use in homes and businesses.Tom Vilsack, secretary at
USDA, said, Grid modernization and deployment of 'smart grid' technology will
increase the reliability and efficiency of electric power generation. Providing
reliable, affordable electrical service contributes to stronger rural economies
and is the backbone for a prosperous rural America. These loans will help ensure
that rural areas can retain existing businesses, support new ones and have
reliable, up-to-date infrastructure. The administration has outlined a framework
for a modernized electric system that will benefit all Americans. This framework
lays out a number of public and private initiatives, including a goal of $250m
in loans for smart-grid technology deployment as part of the USDA's Rural
Utility Service, which is focused on upgrading the electric grid in rural
America. This $250m investment in loan funds for smart grid technologies means
infrastructure investment at virtually no cost to the taxpayer. These
technologies will facilitate the integration of renewable sources of electricity
into the grid, help avoid blackouts and restore power quicker when outages
occur, and reduce the need for new power plants. North Carolina's Piedmont
Electric Membership Corporation received a $30m guaranteed loan from USDA to
extend its system by 52 miles and help provide service to about 1,000 new member
consumers. The cooperative will also increase capacity for 100 current consumers
and improve the reliability of about 40 miles of line. The cooperative installed
a new automated meter system (AMI) with funds from a previous loan and will
invest approximately $150,000 of the funds from this new loan on new AMI meters
for the 1,000 new member consumers. USDA also announced that two other
cooperatives in North Carolina will receive loan guarantees. Brunswick Electric
Membership Corporation will receive a $21.5m loan to build and improve 220 miles
of distribution line and make other system improvements. Edgecombe-Martin County
Electric Membership Corporation will receive a $6.4m loan. The firm will use
about $1m of the loan to install automatic meters (AMIs). The following is a
list of rural utilities that will receive USDA funding, which is contingent upon
the recipient meeting the terms of the loan agreement. Tri-State Generation and
Transmission Association, Inc. will receive $140.5m loan to build 50 miles of
transmission line and make upgrades to the existing generation and transmission
facilities in Colorado, Nebraska, New Mexico and Wyoming. The loan amount
includes $21.8m in smart grid projects and $808,780 in environmental
improvements. The Ark Valley Electric Cooperative Association, Inc. will receive
$6.13m loan to build and improve 355 miles of distribution line and make other
system improvements in Kansa. The loan amount includes $2.01m in smart grid
projects. Stearns Cooperative Electric Association will receive $23.6m loan to
improve 147 miles of distribution line and make other system improvements in
Minnesota. The loan amount includes $974,085 in smart grid projects. Agralite
Electric Cooperative will receive $5.2m loan to build and improve 61 miles of
distribution line and make other system improvements in Minnesota. The loan
amount includes $180,968 in smart grid projects. Northeast Missouri Electric
Power Cooperative will receive $30.1m loan to build and improve 24 miles of
transmission line, build three new substations and make other improvements in
Missouri and Iowa. The loan amount includes $500,000 in smart grid projects.
Edgecombe-Martin County Electric Membership Corporation will receive $6.4m loan
to build and improve 310 miles of distribution line and two miles of
transmission line and make other system improvements in North Carolina. The loan
amount includes $1.1m in smart grid projects. Piedmont Electric Membership
Corporation will receive $30m loan to build and improve 108 miles of
distribution line and five miles of transmission line and make other system
improvements in North Carolina. Brunswick Electric Membership Corporation will
receive $21.5m loan to build and improve 220 miles of distribution line and make
other system improvements in North Carolina. Chippewa Valley Electric
Cooperative will receive $6m loan to build and improve 88 miles of distribution
line and make other system improvements in Wisconsin. The loan amount includes
$255,833 in smart grid projects. The $269m in loan guarantees announced are
provided by USDA Rural Development's Rural Utilities Service (RUS). The funding
helps electric utilities upgrade, expand, maintain and replace rural America's
electric infrastructure. USDA Rural Development also funds energy conservation
and renewable energy projects. USDA, through its rural development mission area,
administers and manages housing, business and community infrastructure programs
through a national network of state and local offices. Rural Development has an
active portfolio of more than $172 billion in loans and loan guarantees. These
programs are designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities,
businesses, residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in
rural America.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2017


                              424 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Victoria Advocate (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 18, 2010 Saturday

South Texas Project sees accomplishments in 2010, waits for loan guarantees

BYLINE: Adriana Acosta, Victoria Advocate, Texas

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 546 words


Sept. 18--BAY CITY -- South Texas Project, one of the nation's largest nuclear
power plants, saw several significant milestones this year.

Its most recent milestone was in June as the nuclear power plant began
preparations for addition of units 3 and 4.

During the summer, three new buildings were built.

The Metrology Laboratory and the Low Level Radioactive Waste building, which
will be located on the east side of the site have begun construction.

Soil tests that are needed to design the foundations of intake and discharge
structures and circulating water piping for the new units were conducted as
well.

The success of the new building project is dependent upon receiving the
Department of Energy loan guarantees, said Buddy Eller, director of
communication for South Texas Project.

This, along with attracting additional investors and continuing to make the
price tag for the overall project competitive is essential for the units to be
built, he said.

"We are proud of the milestones we've reached and our accomplishments as a
station," said Ed Halpin, president and chief operating officer of South Texas
Project.

"I believe that we have one of the best teams in the industry at STP. But we are
continuously focused on sustaining our performance long-term and producing
energy to Texas homes and businesses in a safe, reliable manner."

South Texas Project remains one of the best locations in the country for
expansion, said Eller.

When the facility was built 30 years ago, it was designed for four units, he
said.

"We have the land, water, transmission and -- most importantly -- strong
community support for Units 3 and 4," he added.

The plant officials anticipate an announcement on the loan guarantees by the end
of this year or early next year.

"We are confident that our project will receive a conditional loan guarantee
from the department of energy. It is a critical milestone in the life of this
project," he said.

The Department of Energy has not yet decided when or how the $10 billion in the
initial funding will be given.

In 2009, South Texas Project Units 3 and 4 were one of four selected as
finalists for further evaluation in due diligence to receive loan guarantee from
the Department of Energy, said Eller.

Projects selected were STP's Units 3 and 4, Southern's Vogtle expansion, SCANA's
V.C. Summer project, and Constellation's Calvert Cliffs.

The Obama Administration, in an effort to assist in new nuclear projects, sent a
proposal to congress for an additional $36 billion in loan guarantees for 2011.

"That is good news for our industry overall. We think that the administration
sees the value in nuclear development nation wide," said Eller.

"This is a question of when," he said. "It could be this year or early next
year. We are attempting to keep this project on track while adjusting to these
variables."

To see more of Victoria Advocate, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thevictoriaadvocate.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Victoria Advocate, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100918-VI-South-Texas-Project-sees-accomplishments-in-2010-waits-for-
loan-guarantees-0918-20100918

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VI


                        Copyright 2010 Victoria Advocate


                              425 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                                January 11, 2017

                      Chippewa Valley Electric Cooperative

                              317 South 8th Street
                                 Cornell 54732
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


USDA Reaches Goal To Fund $250m In Smart Grid Improvements

   Sep 07, 2012

   The U.S. Development of Agriculture (USDA) reached its $250m goal to finance
smart grid technologies to help modernize nation's electric system. USDA also
announced nine rural electric cooperatives and utilities in 10 states including
North Carolina will receive loan guarantees to make improvements to generation
and transmission facilities and implement smart grid technologies.With the
announcement of more than $27m in smart grid investments, USDA has met President
Obama's goal and has further enabled rural utilities to make efficiency
improvements to the electric grid that will help consumers lower their electric
bills by reducing energy use in homes and businesses.Tom Vilsack, secretary at
USDA, said, Grid modernization and deployment of 'smart grid' technology will
increase the reliability and efficiency of electric power generation. Providing
reliable, affordable electrical service contributes to stronger rural economies
and is the backbone for a prosperous rural America. These loans will help ensure
that rural areas can retain existing businesses, support new ones and have
reliable, up-to-date infrastructure. The administration has outlined a framework
for a modernized electric system that will benefit all Americans. This framework
lays out a number of public and private initiatives, including a goal of $250m
in loans for smart-grid technology deployment as part of the USDA's Rural
Utility Service, which is focused on upgrading the electric grid in rural
America. This $250m investment in loan funds for smart grid technologies means
infrastructure investment at virtually no cost to the taxpayer. These
technologies will facilitate the integration of renewable sources of electricity
into the grid, help avoid blackouts and restore power quicker when outages
occur, and reduce the need for new power plants. North Carolina's Piedmont
Electric Membership Corporation received a $30m guaranteed loan from USDA to
extend its system by 52 miles and help provide service to about 1,000 new member
consumers. The cooperative will also increase capacity for 100 current consumers
and improve the reliability of about 40 miles of line. The cooperative installed
a new automated meter system (AMI) with funds from a previous loan and will
invest approximately $150,000 of the funds from this new loan on new AMI meters
for the 1,000 new member consumers. USDA also announced that two other
cooperatives in North Carolina will receive loan guarantees. Brunswick Electric
Membership Corporation will receive a $21.5m loan to build and improve 220 miles
of distribution line and make other system improvements. Edgecombe-Martin County
Electric Membership Corporation will receive a $6.4m loan. The firm will use
about $1m of the loan to install automatic meters (AMIs). The following is a
list of rural utilities that will receive USDA funding, which is contingent upon
the recipient meeting the terms of the loan agreement. Tri-State Generation and
Transmission Association, Inc. will receive $140.5m loan to build 50 miles of
transmission line and make upgrades to the existing generation and transmission
facilities in Colorado, Nebraska, New Mexico and Wyoming. The loan amount
includes $21.8m in smart grid projects and $808,780 in environmental
improvements. The Ark Valley Electric Cooperative Association, Inc. will receive
$6.13m loan to build and improve 355 miles of distribution line and make other
system improvements in Kansa. The loan amount includes $2.01m in smart grid
projects. Stearns Cooperative Electric Association will receive $23.6m loan to
improve 147 miles of distribution line and make other system improvements in
Minnesota. The loan amount includes $974,085 in smart grid projects. Agralite
Electric Cooperative will receive $5.2m loan to build and improve 61 miles of
distribution line and make other system improvements in Minnesota. The loan
amount includes $180,968 in smart grid projects. Northeast Missouri Electric
Power Cooperative will receive $30.1m loan to build and improve 24 miles of
transmission line, build three new substations and make other improvements in
Missouri and Iowa. The loan amount includes $500,000 in smart grid projects.
Edgecombe-Martin County Electric Membership Corporation will receive $6.4m loan
to build and improve 310 miles of distribution line and two miles of
transmission line and make other system improvements in North Carolina. The loan
amount includes $1.1m in smart grid projects. Piedmont Electric Membership
Corporation will receive $30m loan to build and improve 108 miles of
distribution line and five miles of transmission line and make other system
improvements in North Carolina. Brunswick Electric Membership Corporation will
receive $21.5m loan to build and improve 220 miles of distribution line and make
other system improvements in North Carolina. Chippewa Valley Electric
Cooperative will receive $6m loan to build and improve 88 miles of distribution
line and make other system improvements in Wisconsin. The loan amount includes
$255,833 in smart grid projects. The $269m in loan guarantees announced are
provided by USDA Rural Development's Rural Utilities Service (RUS). The funding
helps electric utilities upgrade, expand, maintain and replace rural America's
electric infrastructure. USDA Rural Development also funds energy conservation
and renewable energy projects. USDA, through its rural development mission area,
administers and manages housing, business and community infrastructure programs
through a national network of state and local offices. Rural Development has an
active portfolio of more than $172 billion in loans and loan guarantees. These
programs are designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities,
businesses, residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in
rural America.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Key Operational Employees               Key Employees
Key Facts                               Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2017


                              426 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                         September 25, 1991, Wednesday

GORDON PLATT'S FINANCING TRADE

BYLINE: Gordon Platt

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 603 words


WORLD TRADE FINANCE INC., Los Angeles, is the leading lender in California's
export loan guarantee program, helping small California companies take advantage
of sales opportunities overseas.

"We're doing a lot of business in Asia, particularly in China, but nothing in
Eastern Europe," Bernd Hermann, president of the export finance company, aid.

World Trade Finance holds 25 percent of the outstanding guarantee portfolio of
the California Export Finance Office, he noted.

In a recent transaction, the company financed the export of a $ 750,000
fiberglass manufacturing plant to China by Glass Strand Inc., Upland, Calif.

Down payments are difficult, if not impossible, to negotiate with China, Mr.
Hermann said, but Glass Strand devised a unique solution to this problem. In its
contract with China, Glass Strand called for a shipment of technical manuals to
be made in the first month of the transaction.

As a result, Glass Strand received its down payment, in effect, without having
to issue a standby letter of credit.

* * * * *

AS COUNTRIES FROM THE EAST and West rush to join or become more closely
associated with the European Community, political and monetary union is becoming
"an even more remote possibility," Peter Buomberger, chief economist and first
vice president, Union Bank of Switzerland, Zurich, said.

The introduction of the European currency unit as a common currency is
conceivable, however, for a small core of highly developed countries in the EC,
he said.

"If this happens, the Ecu could become more important than the dollar as an
international trading currency because of its economic base and the depth of its
market," he added.

A European central bank, patterned on the Bundesbank, would keep the Ecu a
strong currency, Mr. Buomberger said.

"We may well see the dollar and the Ecu play approximately equal roles in the
second half of the 1990s," he predicted.

* * * * *

PHILADELPHIA INTERNATIONAL BANK, the international services subsidiary of
Philadelphia National Bank, Philadelphia, opened a branch in Houston to serve
companies in the Southwest engaged in world trade.

The office will concentrate on trade finance, import and export services,
letters of credit, cash management and foreign exchange services.

PNB, the lead wholesale banking unit of CoreStates Financial Corp.,
Philadelphia, has a network of more than 1,000 foreign correspondent banks.

* * * * *

THE EXPORT-IMPORT BANK of the United States will guarantee financing for exports
of gas compressors, turbines and engineering services from Dresser Rand Co.,
Olean, N.Y., to Lagoven SA of Caracas, Venezuela.

Private Export Funding Corp. will extend a loan of $ 30.7 million, guaranteed by
Ex-Im Bank, to support $ 37.3 million of exports.

Lagoven, a subsidiary of Petroleos de Venezuela, the national petroleum company,
will repay the loan in 17 semi-annual installments beginning in April 1994.

The equipment and services to be supplied by Dresser Rand are for a gas-
processing plant at the Lake Maracaibo Field.

* * * * *

THE NEWLY INDEPENDENT BALTIC STATES can join the World Bank and International
Monetary Fund by the beginning of 1992, officials of the institutions reportedly
told Baltic leaders Monday.

The Overseas Private Investment Corp., meanwhile, has extended its
investment-support programs to Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania.

OPIC, a U.S. government agency, provides project financing, investment insurance
and other services to promote U.S. private-sector investment in developing
nations and emerging economies.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH COLUMN

EDITOR-NOTE: GORDON PLATT'S FINANCING TRADE

                  Copyright 1991 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              427 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Credit Union Journal

                                 March 5, 2012

WASHINGTON WATCH

BYLINE: Editorial Staff

SECTION: MISCELLANEOUS; Pg. 8 Vol. 16 No. 10

LENGTH: 967  words


CUS BID TO SAVE GOVERNMENT

MORTGAGE GUARANTEE

WASHINGTON-NAFCU told leaders of the Senate Banking Committee last week that the
CU industry, which is emerging as one of the most important players in the
mortgage market, is opposed to any mortgage reforms that would include
elimination of the federal guarantee on loans sold on the secondary market
currently through Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.

NAFCU told leaders of the Senate Banking Committee at the start of hearings on
reform of the mortgage market that CUs are concerned about any reform proposal
that lacks a government guarantee now provided by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, as
well as Ginnie Mae, the Federal Housing Administration, the Federal Home Loan
Bank system and other government-sponsored enterprises.

NAFCU's concerns come after the Obama administration issued its own reform
proposal last week that endorsed a phase-out of Fannie and Freddie and the
privatization of the secondary market roles the two government-supported
entities perform. The plans, which have growing bipartisan support in Congress,
would incentivize private entities, like the big banks, to take a growing role
in the secondary market, which amounts to the buying of mortgages from retail
lenders like credit unions and banks, and packaging them as mortgage-backed
securities for sale on Wall Street.

CUs told the Democratic and Republican leaders of the Senate Banking Committee
that they are worried about a scenario where the nation's biggest mortgage
lenders who already compete with credit unions and community banks to originate
home loans gain control over the secondary market as well.

"It is unclear how a private market would attract investors as the housing
market struggles to recover from the worst recession since the Great
Depression," Brad Thaler, senior lobbyist for NAFCU, said in a letter to the
Senate leaders. "Furthermore, privatization could freeze out community based
lenders by leaving the secondary market dominated and controlled by a handful of
large banks. Undoubtedly, this is the worst-case scenario for credit unions and
their members."

NAFCU's concerns were aired as officials with the Obama administration were
explaining its latest reform proposal to the Senate banking panel. The proposal
would increase fees charged by Fannie and Freddie for guarantees on the
mortgages they buy and for other services, and would eventually eliminate the
two entities altogether.

This approach to the secondary market is also supported by Republicans in
Congress, although the two sides disagree on how fast this should occur, with
Republicans pushing for a rapid deployment.

But President Obama and congressional Democrats have stalled the reform, even as
the bailout of Fannie and Freddie has exploded in cost, an estimated $150
billion so far. They worry the impact the rapid wind down of Fannie and Freddie
would have on the market because the two giants become critical to the existence
of the mortgage market-holding an incredible 90% of all single-family mortgages.
The only sure thing is that no major reforms will be enacted before November's
elections.

CENTRAL LIQUIDITY FACILITY

SEEN IN NEED OF OVERHAUL

ALEXANDRIA, Va.-Credit unions are calling on NCUA to undertake major reforms to
its emergency lending fund, the Central Liquidity Facility, which is endangered
by the demise of its owner U.S. Central FCU.

Shortcomings of the emergency lender, owned by U.S. Central and its corporate
members but operated by NCUA, emerged during the 2007-2008 financial crisis,
even as the fund was used to funnel $10 billion to a teetering U.S. Central,
itself, and WesCorp FCU.

But CUs see the structure as a dinosaur because of the difficulty in tapping
into the fund and the growing number of liquidity resources for credit unions,
including the Federal Reserve's Discount Window and the Federal Home Loan Bank
system. In fact these two sources acted as the leading sources of liquidity
during the crisis, far eclipsing the CLF.

The demise of some of the corporates that acted as CU's first line of liquidity,
has heightened concerns within the industry.

"America First believes that if the CLF was 'modernized' onto a convenient and
reliable source of liquidity, with fewer restrictions on advances and same day
availability, credit unions would be much more willing to capitalize directly or
indirectly through their corporate," David Stacey, treasurer's office manager
for the Utah credit union giant, wrote NCUA in a recent comment letter on
proposed rule on liquidity backstops.

The CLF's $1.5 billion in capital stock is owned by U.S. Central and its
corporate "agents" of the CLF, but only half of the stock is actually funded,
while the other half is on-call in an emergency. In addition, the fund, which
was created as a government-sponsored enterprise, has a line of credit union of
some $20 billion with the U.S. Treasury in times of emergency.

But with the planned phase-out of U.S. Central, NCUA is exploring a new
structure, and some question whether the CLF is even necessary and whether the
same emergency loans could not be provided more efficiently through the NCUSIF.

Most CUs agree on the need of an emergency back-stop that is dedicated to credit
unions but worry that the current structure makes it difficult to tap into the
available CLF funds. For one thing, the CLF will only grant loans to CUs that
are not in danger of failing and can demonstrate a need of liquidity. For
another, the CLF can take five days to approve an application and another five
days to fund an emergency advance.

"The current requirements to establish direct membership with the CLF as well as
the ongoing maintenance requirements are very onerous," wrote Mark Dwyer, San
Antonio FCU CFO. "The CLF should provide liquidity access in the most timely,
efficient manner."

URL: http://www.cujournal.com/

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: CUJ


                        Copyright 2012 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              428 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 9, 2016 Saturday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Solicitation of Applications (NOSA) for Loans to
Re-Lenders Under the Community Facility Loan Program for Fiscal Year (FY) 2016

LENGTH: 4751  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



  DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Housing Service Notice of Solicitation of
Applications (NOSA) for Loans to Re- Lenders Under the Community Facility Loan
Program for Fiscal Year (FY) 2016 AGENCY: Rural Housing Service, USDA. ACTION:
Notice; applications for Re-lenders.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Rural Housing Service (RHS) has amended the Community Facility Direct Loan
regulations to enable the Agency to make loans to qualified Re-lenders who will
loan those funds to Applicants primarily for projects in or serving persistent
poverty counties or high poverty areas that are eligible under the Community
Facility Loan Program.

DATES: To apply for funds, the Agency must receive a complete application by 5
p.m. Eastern Daylight Time on August 8, 2016. ADDRESSES: Applications must be
submitted to: Kristen Grifka, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Stop 0787, Room 0175,
Washington, DC 20250-0787. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Please contact
Kristen Grifka at (202) 720-1504 or via email at kristen.grifka@wdc.usda.gov for
further information. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Overview Solicitation Title:
Community Facility Direct Loan Program--Re- lending. Announcement Type: Initial
Notice. Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number: 10.766. Dates: For the
list of dates please refer to the DATES section above. Availability of Notice:
This Notice is available through the USDA Rural Development site at:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/newsroom/notices-solicitation-applications-nosas. I.
Funding Opportunity Description A. Purpose The purpose of this Notice is to seek
applications from Re-lenders who would loan those funds to Applicants primarily
for projects in or serve persistent poverty counties or high poverty areas that
are eligible under the Community Facility (CF) Direct Loan Program. B. Statutory
Authority This program is authorized in 5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 7 U.S.C.
1926(a)(1). II. Award Information Type of Awards: Direct Loans will be made to
eligible Re-lenders for the purpose of lending these funds to eligible CF
applicants for eligible CF purposes in accordance with 7 CFR part 1942. Fiscal
Year Funds: $500 Million of FY 2016 Direct CF Loan funds. Available Funds: The
Agency will make available $500 Million of Direct CF Loan funds to eligible
Re-lenders for the purpose of carrying out this notice. Award Amounts: Direct
loans will be made in amounts based upon the availability of $500 Million of CF
Direct Loan funds. Award Dates: Awards will be made on or before September 30,
2016. III. Definitions Aeris Financial Strength and Performance Rating--Aeris is
ratings system that rates community development financial institutions (CDFI).
The Aeris rating methodology is designed for non-depository CDFIs that have a
majority of their assets invested in loans (as opposed to real estate, equity,
or equity-like investments), and have at least five years of financing history.
The Financial Strength and Performance Rating is an assessment conducted by
AERIS of the CDFI's overall creditworthiness that is based on an analysis of
past financial performance, current financial strength, and apparent risk
factors. Applicant. Those eligible entities described in 7 CFR 1942.17(b)(1)
making application to the Re-lender to borrow funds for an eligible Community
Facilities project. Borrower. An Applicant who has received a loan from a
Re-lender. Full Recourse. Notwithstanding any provisions of the loan documents
issued by the Re-lender for a Community Facilities project to the contrary, the
Re-lender shall be fully and severally liable for the payment and performance of
all obligations under the debt instrument issued to the Agency, regardless if
the Re-lender and applicant's assets financed by advancing relending funds have
been fully liquidated and are inadequate to fully pay the loan amount, accrued
interest, and all other related costs the Re-lender is liable for. High Poverty
Area. A census tract with a poverty rate greater than or equal to 20%. Areas
that are considered to be High Poverty may be found on the following Web site:
http:// [[Page 43988]] rdgisportal.sc.egov.usda.gov/home/index.html entitled
``High Poverty Targeting.'' A project is considered to be located in a High
Poverty Area when the structure, equipment, or other hard assets are physically
built and/or placed in a High Poverty Area. A project is considered to be
serving a High Poverty Area if the physical structure, equipment, or other hard
assets serves residents who live in a High Poverty Area. Irrevocable Letter of
Credit. Firm commitment by an issuing bank to pay the Agency a specified sum in
a specified currency, provided the conditions included in the Letter of Credit
document are met within a specified timeframe. This Letter of Credit cannot be
canceled without the Agency's prior written approval. Letter of Intent. Written
documentation, acceptable by the Agency, from a financial institution stating
the financial institution will issue an Irrevocable Letter of Credit or similar
instrument such as a cash collateral account or prior to any funds being
disbursed by the Agency. Persistent Poverty County(ies). Counties where 20
percent or more of county residents were poor as measured by each of the 1980,
1990, and 2000 censuses, and 2007-11 American Community Survey 5-year average.
Counties that are considered to be Persistent Poverty may be found under the map
entitled ``Persistent Poverty'' on the following Web site:
http://www.ers.usda.gov/data-products/county-typology-codes/descriptions-and-map
s.aspx#ppov. A project is considered to be located in a Persistent Poverty
County when the structure, equipment, or other hard assets are physically built
and/or placed in a Persistent Poverty County. A project is considered to be
serving Persistent Poverty County(ies) if the physical structure, equipment, or
other hard assets serves residents who live in Persistent Poverty County(ies).
Re-lender. Eligible lending institutions under section IV of this Notice who
lend funds to eligible Applicants for projects eligible under 7 CFR part 1942.
IV. Eligibility Information A. Re-Lender Eligibility. Re-lenders must meet each
of the following requirements: (a) Meet the re-lender requirements as outlined
in 7 CFR 1942.30; (b) Demonstrate the legal authority necessary to make and
service loans involving community infrastructure and development similar to the
type of projects listed in 7 CFR 1942.17(d); (c) Meet federal, state and local
requirements in accordance with 7 CFR 1942.17(k); (d) Demonstrate that at least
30 percent of its existing portfolio is for projects located in or serving
Persistent Poverty County(ies) or High Poverty Areas; or that the Re-lender has
at least 3 years of experience making loans for projects located in or serving
Persistent Poverty County(ies) or High Poverty Area(s); (e) Agree to provide
adequate collateral, as determined by the Agency, to support the loan request;
(f) Provides a Letter of Intent from a financial institution that an Irrevocable
Letter of Credit or similar instrument such as a cash collateral account or
performance guarantee acceptable to the Agency will be issued by the financial
institution if the Re-lender is approved for funding; (g) Unless otherwise
required in this Notice, agree to provide an Irrevocable Letter of Credit (or
similar instrument such as a cash collateral account or a Performance Guarantee)
acceptable to the Agency in the minimum amount equal to the principal and
interest installments due the Government during the first 5 years of the loan
prior to receiving loan disbursements; (h) Demonstrate one of the following: (1)
Re-lender is regulated and supervised by a Federal or State Banking Regulatory
Agency that is subject to credit examination, AND the institution, its
subsidiaries, holding companies, and affiliates are not on their respective
regulatory agency's watch list and have no regulatory actions outstanding
against them; AND such Federal or State Banking Regulatory Agency has certified
that the Re-lender has the financial capacity to receive Agency funding. If the
Agency doesn't receive the requisite certification from the Federal or State
Banking Regulatory Agency, then the Re-lender has not met this criteria. The
Agency reserves the right to reduce funding amounts based on information
received from the Federal or State Banking Regulatory Agency and based on the
agency's determination of available funding or other agency funding priorities;
or (2) Re-lender has an Aeris Financial Strength and Performance Rating of 1 or
2 within the past two years; the achieved rating must indicate financial
strength, performance, and risk management practices that consistently provide
for safe and sound operations. Re-lender grants the Agency permission to review
all documents submitted to Aeris. If Agency reviews such documentation and finds
documentation to be insufficient then this criteria has not been met. The Agency
reserves the right to reduce funding amounts based on review of such
documentation and based on the agency's determination of available funding or
other agency funding priorities; or (3) At the time of application, re-lender
provides written documentation, acceptable to the Agency, from a financial
institution that an Irrevocable Letter of Credit or similar instrument such as a
cash collateral account or a performance guarantee acceptable to the Agency will
be issued by the financial institution, if the Re-lender is approved for
funding; and the re-lender: (i) Obtains an Aeris Financial Strength and
Performance Rating of 1 or 2 prior to any funds being advanced. Re-lender grants
the Agency permission to review all documents submitted to Aeris. If Agency
reviews such documentation and finds documentation to be insufficient then this
criteria has not been met. The Agency reserves the right to reduce funding
amounts based on review of such documentation and based on the agency's
determination of available funding or other agency funding priorities; or (ii)
Proves to be a financially sound institution, as determined by the Agency, based
on the Agency's risk assessment of the institution's adequate capital, adequate
liquidity, management capabilities, repayment ability, credit worthiness,
balance sheet equity and other financial factors as determined appropriate. The
Agency reserves the right to reduce funding amounts based on review of financial
factors and based on the agency's determination of available funding or other
agency funding priorities. (i) Be a legal, non-governmental entity at the time
of application (with the exception of Tribal governmental entities); (j) Be a
member of a national organization that provides training, technical assistance
and credit evaluation of member organizations, such as FDIC, NCUA or other
similar organizations; or be certified by a Government agency as having a
primary mission of promoting community development in low-income target markets
and perform training and technical assistance as part of that mission; and (k)
Agrees to loan a majority of Agency funds to applicants whose projects are
located in or serve Persistent Poverty County(ies) or High Poverty Area(s).
[[Page 43989]] B. Applicant Eligibility. Applicants applying for loans from the
Re-lender must meet the eligibility requirements of 7 CFR 1942.17. C. Project
Eligibility. (a) Facilities must be located in rural areas in accordance with 7
CFR 1942.17(b)(2), and comply with all project eligibility requirements as
outlined in 7 CFR part 1942. (b) Essential community facilities associated with
Re-lending projects must: (1) Carry out a function customarily provided by a
local unit of government; (2) Be a public improvement needed for orderly
development of a rural community; (3) Not include private affairs, commercial or
business undertaking (except for limited authority for industrial parks); (4) Be
operated on a nonprofit basis; and (5) Be considered the area of jurisdiction or
operation for public bodies eligible to receive assistance or a similar local
rural service area of a not-for-profit corporation owning and operating an
essential community facility. A community may be a small city or town, county,
or multi-county area depending on the type of essential community facility
involved. The applicant must have the legal authority and responsibility to
carry out the project. The term ``facility'' refers to the physical structure
financed or the resulting service provided to rural residents under the CF
program. (c) For essential community facilities, the terms ``rural'' and ``rural
area'' will not include any area in any city or town with a population in excess
of 20,000 inhabitants, according to the latest decennial Census of the United
States in accordance with 7 CFR 1942.17(b)(2)(iv). (d) In accordance with 7 CFR
1942.17(d)(1)(i)(B), essential community facilities are those public
improvements requisite to the beneficial and orderly development of a community
operated on a nonprofit basis, including but not limited to: (1) Health services
(e.g., Hospitals, medical and dental clinics, skilled nursing facilities,
assisted living facilities, telemedicine equipment); (2) Public services (e.g.,
Town halls, courthouses, airport hangers, fire hall, police station, prison,
police vehicles, fire trucks, public works vehicles, equipment); (3) Community,
social or cultural services (e.g., Childcare centers, community centers,
transitional housing, libraries, schools (including public, private and
charter), distance learning equipment, community gardens, food pantries,
community kitchens, food banks, food hubs or greenhouses); and (4)
Transportation facilities, such as streets, roads and bridges. (5) Loan Funds
may NOT be used for prohibited purposes listed at 7 CFR 1942.17(d)(2). V.
Application Submission, Evaluation, and Selection Process A. Application
Submission. The forms listed below can be found at:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/eForms/welcomeAction.do?Home. To apply for funds
under this Notice, a Re-lender must submit the following items, as applicable:
(a) Its DUNS number. An organization may obtain a DUNS number from Dun and
Bradstreet by calling (1-866-705-5711). (b) The Re-lender must provide
documentation that they are registered in System for Award Management (SAM.gov).
(c) SF-424, ``Application for Federal Assistance (For Non- Construction). (d)
SF424-A, ``Budget Information--Non-Construction Programs.'' (e) SF-424-B
``Assurances--Non Construction.'' (f) Form RD 442-7 ``Operating Budget'' or
similar form. (g) AD-1047 ``Certificate Regarding Debarment.'' (h) RD Form 400-4
``Assurance Agreement.'' (i) RD Instruction 1970-A, Exhibit A, ``Multi-tier
Action Environmental Compliance Agreement.'' (j) Certification regarding
relationship with any Agency employee. (k) AD-3030 ``Representations regarding
Felony convictions and tax delinquency status'' (Corporations only). (l) AD-3031
``Assurances regarding Felony convictions and tax delinquency status''
(Corporations Only). (m) Discussion and documentation of each evaluation factor
listed in Part V(B). (n) Certification of Non Lobbying Activities. (o) SF-LLL
``Disclosure of Lobbying Activities.'' (p) Re-lenders applying under paragraph
(IV)(A)(e)(3)(b)(Agency risk assessment) must also submit all of the following:
(1) 3 years audited financial statements; (2) Interim financial statements as of
most recent quarter end; (3) Auditor's most recent management letter and
management's response ; (4) Operating Budget versus Actual for last completed
fiscal year and most recent quarter-end; (5) Schedule of outstanding debt (name
of creditor, balance, origination and maturity dates, note rate,
collateralization), and attach covenants; (6) Schedule of five largest sources
of grant funding over each of the last 3 fiscal years (including grantor name,
amount granted, description of allowable uses or any restrictions); (7) Schedule
of five largest investors over each of the last 3 fiscal years (including
investor name, total investment, form of investment, description of allowable
uses or any restrictions); (8) Schedule of any other funding sources, including
off-balance sheet financing, for the last completed fiscal year and most recent
quarter-end; (9) List and description of any contingent liabilities; (10)
Schedule of loans receivable (including borrower, loan type, description of
collateral, original and maturity dates, note rate, current status e.g.
delinquency or nonaccrual); (11) Schedule of loans restructured and modified in
each of the last 3 fiscal years and most recent year to date (YTD) (including
borrower, pre and post-mod loan terms, and current payment status); (12)
Schedule of loans charged off in each of the last 3 fiscal years and most recent
YTD, with any recoveries realized; (13) Any external loan reviews performed over
the last 3 years; (14) Bylaws; (15) Credit policies and procedures (loan
underwriting, servicing, portfolio management); (16) Loan risk grading and
assessment system; (17) Enterprise risk management policies and procedures; (18)
Disaster recovery plan, if any; (19) Accounting policies (including loss reserve
policies); (20) Staff organizational chart, including names and titles for
senior staff; (21) Organizational chart showing relationships to any parents,
subsidiaries, or affiliates; (22) Management Team resumes; (23) Succession plans
for key leadership and staff; (24) Board roster, with affiliations; (25) Board
meeting minutes for past year; (26) Board meeting packets for last year; (27)
Most recent strategic plan; (28) Most recent annual report; and (29) Description
of programs, financial and non-financial products and services. [[Page 43990]]
(q) Documentation that the re-lender meets all eligibility requirements listed
in this Notice. (r) Documentation of any evaluation factors listed below that
the re-lender wants the Agency to consider. B. Evaluation. The Agency will score
and rank all eligible and complete Re-lender applications based upon the
following evaluation factors: (a) Lending experience and strength of the
Re-lender: A Re-lender that has demonstrated experience administering community
infrastructure or development loan funds will be awarded points as follows: (1)
More than 10 years of experience: 10 Points; (2) 5 years of experience but less
than or equal to 10 years: 5 Points; (b) Poverty and project service area.
Re-lenders who demonstrate that they have a lending history in Persistent
Poverty County(ies) or Poverty Areas: (1) More than 75% of the Re-Lender's loan
portfolio is for projects located in or serve Persistent Poverty County(ies) or
High Poverty Area(s): 30 points; (2) More than 50% of the Re-Lender's loan
portfolio is for projects located in or serve Persistent Poverty County(ies) or
High Poverty Area(s): 20 points; and (3) More than 30% of the Re-Lender's loan
portfolio is for projects located in or serve Persistent Poverty County (ies) or
High Poverty Area(s): 10 points. (b) Administrator's Discretionary Points: (c)
Up to 10 Administrator points may be awarded to applications that address
geographic distribution of funds, emergency conditions caused by economic
problems, natural disasters and other initiatives that support the Agency's
strategic plan. C. The Agency will select the highest scoring applications based
upon the evaluation factors listed above. D. If an application that is filed by
the application deadline is determined by the Agency to be substantially
complete, the Agency will notify the submitter of the elements that are needed
to make the application complete and will provide the submitter five calendar
days to provide information that fully addresses such elements. If the
application is not complete at the end of this five day period, the application
will be rejected. VI. Award Administration Information A. Award Notices The
Agency will notify Re-Lenders about the status of their applications in the same
method as listed in 7 CFR part 1942, subpart A. Prior to receiving a direct loan
from the Agency, eligible Re- Lenders who are chosen to receive funding for the
purpose of re-lending must: (a) Enter into a Re-Lenders Agreement provided by
the Agency; (b) Execute a promissory note; (c) Provide adequate security
satisfactory to the Agency; (d) Agree to provide the Agency with an irrevocable
letter of credit (or similar instrument such as a cash collateral account or a
Performance Guarantee) acceptable to the Agency in the minimum amount equal to
the principal and interest installments due during the first 5 years of the loan
prior to receiving any loan disbursements; and (e) Meet any other loan
conditions imposed by the Agency. B. Reporting Requirements (a) The Re-lender
must submit the following information to the Agency, after any loan disbursement
is made, (1) On a quarterly basis: (i) Financial statements; (ii) List of CF
Borrowers, outstanding principal and interest balances for each Borrower; (iii)
Status of CF loan for each Borrower; (iv) Amount and due date of the next
installment due from the Borrower; and (v) Servicing Actions conducted for each
delinquent CF loan. (2) On an annual basis: (i) Annual audited financial
statement; (ii) Copy of most recent Financial Strength and Performance Rating
which is not more than 3 years old; (iii) Documentation of Fidelity Bond
coverage; and (iv) Civil Rights data for each Applicant. C. Planning, bidding,
contracting, and construction. Re-lenders must certify to the Agency that the
Borrower has met the requirements of 7 CFR 3575.42 and 3575.43 for all planning,
bidding, contracting and construction. (a) The Re-lender will provide the Agency
with a written certification at the end of construction that all funds were
utilized for authorized purposes. The Re-lender will ensure that designs and
construction meet all applicable Federal, State, and local laws. (1)
Architectural and engineering practices. All project facilities must be designed
utilizing accepted architectural and engineering practices and must conform to
applicable Federal, State, and local codes and requirements. The Re-lender must
ensure that the planned project will be completed within the available funds
and, once completed, will be suitable for the borrower's needs. (2) Construction
monitoring. The Re-lender will monitor the progress of construction and
undertake the reviews and inspections necessary to ensure that construction
proceeds in accordance with the approved plans, specifications, and contract
documents and that funds are used for eligible project costs. (3) Equal
employment opportunities. For all construction contracts in excess of $10,000,
the contractor must comply with Executive Order 11246 entitled ``Equal
Employment Opportunity'' as amended and as supplemented by applicable Department
of Labor regulations (41 CFR part 60-1). The Borrower and Re-lender are
responsible for ensuring that the contractor complies with these requirements.
(RD Forms 400-1 and 400-6 may be used to meet this requirement.) (4) Americans
with Disabilities Act. Projects which involve the construction of, or addition
to, facilities that accommodate the public and commercial facilities as defined
by the Americans with Disabilities Act (42 U.S.C. 12181 et seq.) must comply
with that Act. The Re-lender and borrower are responsible for compliance. (b)
Other Federal, State, and local requirements. Borrowers and Re- lenders will be
required to comply with any Federal, State, or local laws or regulatory
commission rules which affect the project including, but not limited to, those
regarding: (1) Organization and authority to design, construct, develop,
operate, and maintain the proposed facilities; (2) Borrowing money, giving
security, and raising revenues for the repayment; (3) Land use zoning; (4)
Health, safety, and sanitation standards, including seismic safety requirements
of Executive Order 12699; and (5) Protection of the environment and consumer
affairs. D. National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) environmental review
requirements. NEPA requirements are outlined in 7 CFR 1942.2(b) and part 1970.
The re-lender will need to comply with and agree in writing to requirements
under the Re-lender Environmental Compliance Agreement. RD Instruction 1970 can
be found at:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/publications/regulations-guidelines/instructions. E.
Civil Rights. The Re-lender and Borrowers must comply with Title VI of the Civil
Rights Act of 1964, Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, Americans with
Disabilities Act (ADA), Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, Age
Discrimination Act of 1975, Executive Order 12250, Executive Order 13166 Limited
English Proficiency (LEP), and 7 CFR part 1901, subpart E. [[Page 43991]] The
re-lender is also subject to the Equal Credit Opportunity Act. (a) The re-lender
agrees: (1) To have each prospective Applicant sign Form RD 400-4, Assurance
Agreement, which assures USDA that the recipient is in compliance with title VI
of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 7 CFR part 15 and other Agency regulations. (2)
That no person will be discriminated against based on race, color or national
origin, in regard to any program or activity for which the re-lender receives
Federal financial assistance. (3) That nondiscrimination statements are in
advertisements and brochures. (4) To collect and maintain data on applicants by
race, sex, and national origin of the Applicants and Borrowers, and ensure that
the borrowers also collect and maintain the same data on the entities benefiting
from those projects. (5) The projects supported with Agency funds will not cause
any adverse human health or environmental effects on minority and low- income
populations. (6) The Agency will use the above information to complete Civil
rights compliance reviews within the first year after the initial loan closing
and thereafter at intervals of not more than 3 years until the CF direct loan
funds have all been re-lent. (7) For other Federal, State and Local
Requirements, see 7 CFR 1942.17(k). (8) Any loan funds not disbursed within 5
years of the loan to the Re-Lender will be deobligated and become unavailable
for disbursement. VII. Non-Discrimination Statement In accordance with Federal
civil rights law and U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) civil rights
regulations and policies, the USDA, its Agencies, offices, employees, and
institutions participating in or administering USDA programs are prohibited from
discriminating based on race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender
identity (including gender expression), sexual orientation, disability, age,
marital status, familial/parental status, income derived from a public
assistance program, political beliefs, or reprisal or retaliation for prior
civil rights activity, in any program or activity conducted or funded by USDA
(not all bases apply to all programs). Remedies and complaint filing deadlines
vary by program or incident. Persons with disabilities who require alternative
means of communication for program information (e.g., Braille, large print,
audiotape, American Sign Language, etc.) should contact the responsible Agency
or USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TTY) or contact USDA
through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339. Additionally, program
information may be made available in languages other than English. To file a
program discrimination complaint, complete the USDA Program Discrimination
Complaint Form, AD-3027, found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html and at any USDA office or
write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the
information requested in the form. To request a copy of the complaint form, call
(866) 632-9992, submit your completed form or letter to USDA by: Mail: U.S.
Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights,
1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410; Fax: (202) 690-7442; or
email: program.intake@usda.gov USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer,
and lender. Dated: June 27. 2016. Lisa Mensah, Under Secretary, Rural
Development. [FR Doc. 2016-16003 Filed 7-5-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              429 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                     PR.com

                    September 22, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

A New Feasibility Study by Wert-Berater, Inc. - a 76,000 sq.ft. Hospital for
USDA

BYLINE: Wert-Berater, Inc.

LENGTH: 348  words


Clarksville, TX,  September 22, 2016 --(PR.com)-- Wert-Berater, Inc. has been
engaged as of August 2016 to provide a feasibility study for the a recently
closed 3-story 76,000 square foot General Hospital that was operated as a 86 bed
facility formerly known as East Texas Medical Center Clarksville. The subject
project is the renovation and bed number expansion of an existing hospital
building that was used as a Public Hospital into a For Profit Hospital. The
renovation plan includes an interior renovation. The interior renovation has
been designed to include gutting the interior including plumbing, electrical,
and replacement of furniture, fixtures and equipment and technology on all
3-floors. An estimate of about 10,000 to 15,000 square feet of usable building
area is planned to be added to the gross building area of about 76,000 square
feet.

The scope of this study included four tests of project viability: Economic
feasibility; Market feasibility; Cost feasibility; and Financial Feasibility.

This feasibility study has been prepared for USDA-lender purposes. Wert-Berater
is a strategic consulting firm specializing in feasibility studies. We have
experience in USDA and USDA - lender compliant feasibility studies for USDA loan
guarantee and USDA grant programs. Wert-Berater's extensive experience with USDA
loan guarantee and USDA grant programs has given us the expertise to assist
customers in providing comprehensive USDA Feasibility Study services across a
wide spectrum of industries for USDA loan guarantee and USDA grant programs such
as, but not limited to, Business and Industry (B&I) Guaranteed Loans, Rural
Energy for America Program (REAP) Guaranteed Loan Program, Value-Added Producer
Grants (VAPG), and Rural Business Opportunity Grants (RBOG). As a third-party
independent Feasibility Study provider Wert-Berater is able to provide the
objective, impartial, and solid evaluations of the particular project as
required by the USDA and USDA lenders.

Contact Wert-Berater, Inc. by calling Donald Safranek at 1-888-661-4449 ext.7 or
e-mail to info@wert-berater.com

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2016 PR.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              430 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                     PR.com

                      November 27, 2015 Friday 6:30 AM EST

A New Feasibility Study by Wert-Berater, Inc. - A 76,000 sq.ft. Hospital for
USDA

BYLINE: Wert-Berater, Inc.

LENGTH: 349  words


Clarksville, TX,  November 27, 2015 --(PR.com)-- Wert-Berater, Inc. has been
engaged as of November 2015 to provide a feasibility study for the a recently
closed 3-story 76,000 square foot General Hospital that was operated as a 86 bed
facility formerly known as East Texas Medical Center Clarksville. The subject
project is the renovation and bed number expansion of an existing hospital
building that was used as a Public Hospital into a For Profit Hospital. The
renovation plan includes an interior renovation. The interior renovation has
been designed to include gutting the interior including plumbing, electrical,
and replacement of furniture, fixtures and equipment and technology on all
3-floors. An estimate of about 10,000 to 15,000 square feet of usable building
area is planned to be added to the gross building area of about 76,000 square
feet.

The scope of this study included four tests of project viability: Economic
feasibility; Market feasibility; Cost feasibility; and Financial Feasibility.

This feasibility study has been prepared for USDA-lender purposes. Wert-Berater
is a strategic consulting firm specializing in feasibility studies. We have
experience in USDA and USDA - lender compliant feasibility studies for USDA loan
guarantee and USDA grant programs. Wert-Berater's extensive experience with USDA
loan guarantee and USDA grant programs has given us the expertise to assist our
customers in providing comprehensive USDA Feasibility Study services across a
wide spectrum of industries for USDA loan guarantee and USDA grant programs such
as, but not limited to, Business and Industry (B&I) Guaranteed Loans, Rural
Energy for America Program (REAP) Guaranteed Loan Program, Value-Added Producer
Grants (VAPG), and Rural Business Opportunity Grants (RBOG). As a third-party
independent Feasibility Study provider Wert-Berater is able to provide the
objective, impartial, and solid evaluations of the particular project as
required by the USDA and USDA lenders.

Contact Wert-Berater, Inc. by calling Donald Safranek at 1-888-661-4449 ext.7 or
e-mail to info@wert-berater.com

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2015 PR.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              431 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Hindu

                            February 26, 2016 Friday

Game changers

LENGTH: 636  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Feb. 26 -- Major players in the field of lending for housing in India
have been Public Sector Banks (PSBs). A couple of large private sector banks
like ICICI Bank and other financial institutions like LIC Housing, Canfin Homes,
India Bulls, and Tata Housing also have created noticeable ripples in the arena.
In the new millennium, a couple of foreign banks like Citibank used to extend
'all in one' products wherein running accounts were offered for both deposit and
borrowing monies whereupon interest was charged on the net drawn balance only.


 The SBI, the largest lender, has been aggressive ever since it started offering
housing loans. Around 2008-2009, it came up with the 'teaser loans' with
universally low rates of interest, in order to revive demand for loans in the
wake of the global economic slowdown, about which the Reserve Bank pointed a
finger or two. In recent times, the SBI has also formulated plans such as SBI
Max Gain, an overdraft facility; SBI Yuva Home Loan to those between 21 and 45
years of age; SBI Realty for purchasing plots; SBI Tribal Plans, amounts up to
Rs. 10 lakh for which no mortgage is insisted upon; and Gram Nivas - loan for
rural areas with a ceiling of Rs. 5 lakh.
 A few months ago, ICICI Bank launched the country's first mortgage guarantee
-backed housing loans to retail customers who went in for the first home, that
too, in the affordable segment. Christened the "ICICI Bank Extraa Home Loan",
this product has special features including ceiling of Rs. 75 lakh, option for
repayment up to 67 years of life, and provision for enhancement in the loan
amount up to 20% . Another first was that the India Mortgage Guarantee
Corporation (IMGI), a joint venture of NHB, Glenworth Financial, International
Finance Corporation and ADB, undertook to guarantee these loans. A onetime
guarantee fee depending on pre-determined factors will be charged.
 Another quiet entry into the field recently has been that of Fullerton India
Housing Finance Company, which is a part of Singapore's TEMASEK Group. This
non-banking finance company started extending housing loan mainly to small
borrowers, ranging from Rs. 50,000 to Rs. 10 lakh. The main target groups are
salaried class and self-employed individuals. The next substantial category are
agriculturists and allied agricultural workers. The annual gross household
income for eligibility is Rs. 1.20 lakh.
 This new initiative will offer home loans under its "Grihashakti" brand. Both
home and commercial space will be eligible for the loan assistance. The average
size of credit limit may range from Rs. 7 lakh to Rs. 10 lakh. Purchase and
self-construction will fall under the eligibility category. In the case of
purchase, 70% of market value and for construction, 80% of estimated cost of
construction will be financed, subject to other terms and conditions. Cost of
land, stamp duty, registration charges and onetime acquisition cost will also be
considered for computing the cost. The tenure of the loan is set at a ceiling of
10 years.
 Housing for all by 2022.
 The four pillars of this programme being implemented by the Central Government
are:
 Fine-tuning slum development
 Affordable housing
 Subsidy support for construction by individuals
 Up-front subsidy to reduce EMI.
 In the present changing rural landscape, BPL families need to be attracted in
large numbers. A revolving/rolling drawing power facility could perhaps be ideal
for meeting the ongoing maintenance cost, which may also add some shine and
glitter to the home loan sector. The scope for increased contribution by the
housing sector to the GDP, which is only around 10 per cent in India as of now,
compared to over 60% in the U.S., 80% in the U.K. and around 20% in China, needs
to be the driving force behind all innovations in the home loan field.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              432 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Dickinson Press (North Dakota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          November 18, 2015 Wednesday

BRIEF: Rural N.D. facilities receive federal loans

BYLINE: Andrew Wernette, The Dickinson Press, N.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 197 words


Nov. 18--News Dickinson,North Dakota 58602
http://www.thedickinsonpress.com/sites/all/themes/thedickinsonpress_theme/images
/social_default_image.png

Andrew Wernette

The Dickinson Press

(701) 225-4205 customer support http://www.thedickinsonpress.com

http://www.thedickinsonpress.com

Rural N.D. facilities receive federal loans

Dickinson North Dakota 1815 1st Street West 58602

WASHINGTON, D.C. -- Nearly $28 million in federal direct loans and federal loan
guarantees was awarded to rural North Dakota public entities, multiple
statements read.

The Hill Top Home of Comfort in Killdeer received a $3.5 million federal direct
loan to build a new assisted living facility.

The Hazen Memorial Hospital Association also received more than $11 million in a
federal direct loan, as well as a $10.3 million guaranteed federal loan, in
order to build a new Critical Access Hospital and clinic in Hazen.

Cankdeska Cikana Community College in Fort Totten was allotted a $3.1 million
federal direct loan to build a better Head Start facility.

___ (c)2015 the Dickinson Press (Dickinson, N.D.) Visit the Dickinson Press
(Dickinson, N.D.) at www.thedickinsonpress.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151118-QX-BRF-Rural-N-D-facilities-receive-federal-loans-1118-20151118

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QX


                       Copyright 2015 The Dickinson Press


                              433 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           February 16, 2012 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

MEDICAL TECH FIRM EXPANDS TO JANESVILLE;
CITY PUTS TOGETHER A $9 MILLION PACKAGE FOR MIDDLETON-BASED SHINE.

BYLINE: Judy Newman

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 227 words


SHINE Medical Technologies, Middleton, will get a $9 million package from the
city of Janesville to build a plant in that Rock County community.

The City Council voted 4-1 with one abstention Monday night to approve $4.9
million in incentives and a $4 million loan guarantee for the project's private
investors.

SHINE, or Subcritical Hybrid Intense Neutron Emitter, plans an $85 million
project that will employ 125 people at salaries averaging $60,000 or more. The
plant could open in 2015.

The company will manufacture molybdenum-99, which produces technetium-99m, a
critical but scarce radioactive isotope used in thousands of heart stress tests
and cancer scans every day.

Chief executive officer Greg Piefer told Janesville officials he was considering
four offers, including one from another state.

Janesville city manager Eric Levitt said this is the first time the city has
awarded a loan guarantee to a project's private investors. The other $4.9
million will use tax incremental financing to cover the cost of 84 acres of
land, utility extensions and assessments, and a $1.5 million forgivable loan.

"I think this is a good company, and I think the combination of it and NorthStar
in Rock County is positive for Rock County and for Janesville and Beloit,"
Levitt said.

NorthStar Medical Radioisotopes will build a factory in Beloit that will make
the same product.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              434 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            June 23, 2004 Wednesday
                                  All Editions

Penobscot Valley Hospital gets loan

BYLINE: JOSH KEEFE OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B2

LENGTH: 545 words

DATELINE: LINCOLN


Penobscot Valley Hospital has received a $3.7 million dollar loan for the
construction of a new operating room suite from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture. The loan was announced late last week by U.S. Sens. Susan Collins
and Olympia Snowe in a joint press release.

The suite will include two operating rooms, a recovery room and a special
procedures room, according to hospital Chief Financial Officer Dave Shannon. The
loan will cover the entire cost of construction.

The date for construction of the new facility has not yet been set, although Ron
Victory, hospital chief executive officer, said he anticipates Medical
Construction Group of Nashville, Tenn., the project's general contractor, will
start construction late this summer.

"This hospital has limited space, and there is a need to further renovate the
facility and specifically to move the emergency room into what is presently the
operating room area," Victory said Tuesday. "Through that construction we will
upgrade the physical part [of the operating room] to present day safety and
architectural standards."

"Our current operating room suite is kind of outdated and small," Shannon noted.
"We currently have only one operating room."

PVH opened in 1973 and became a private, nonprofit hospital in 2002. PVH serves
12,000 residents of the Lincoln region in a 1,200 square mile area from West
Enfield to Mattawamkeag.

The hospital's operating room is 30 years old, Shannon said. He also added that
he did not anticipate any major additions to the hospital's staff as a result of
the new facility.

The 25-year loan was given through the USDA's rural development program.

"People come up to me all the time and say 'USDA? Aren't you a meat inspector?"
said Mike Aube, the state director of the rural development program, whose
offices are located in Bangor.

Aube acknowledged it may seem strange to some that the USDA would be giving
loans to a health care facility, but he emphasized that the USDA is involved in
a wide range of endeavors seemingly unrelated to agriculture.

"USDA rural development has 43 different programs that provide grants, loans and
loan guarantees to individuals, communities, and institutions that help
stimulate and grow rural Maine," Aube explained.

"The hospital is eligible for this loan as a nonprofit agency that provides
services for residents in rural communities."

Aube said his department evaluates applications for loans based on need and
ability to repay. "Penobscot Valley Hospital clearly demonstrates quality
service to a region of our state ... The project is such that we feel very
comfortable participating in it," he said.

The loan is just a small part of the estimated $450 million that the Maine rural
development program has given to rural Maine individuals, communities and
institutions over the last three years.

Shannon said negotiations with the USDA started back in February.

"We utilized the USDA when we built the Cold Stream Health Care building in
1994," said Shannon, referring to the health care building in West Enfield that
PVH owns.

"It was a rather easy process to provide for them the paperwork, because we knew
the operations from before," Shannon said. "We were basically asked 'How much
money would you like to borrow?' They said we fit the requirements."

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 Bangor Daily News


                              435 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           September 16, 1991, Monday

TRADE BRIEFS

BYLINE: From Wire and Staff Reports

SECTION: FOREIGN TRADE, Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 411 words

DATELINE:  STOCKHOLM


ERICSSON WINS CONTRACT

FOR PHONE NETWORK

The Swedish telecommunications giant, Ericsson, announced it has received
contracts totaling $ 78 million for the extension of existing cellular telephone
networks in Singapore, Indonesia and Malaysia.

In a prepared release, the company said it received a $ 20 million contract from
Singapore Telcom to extend an existing Ericsson cellular system that covers
Singapore. The system is scheduled to be operating by May 1992.

The company also received a $ 13 million contract to double the existing
cellular system in Indonesia by April of next year and a $ 45 million contract
in Malaysia.

JAPAN CITES CONCERN

ON AUTO EXPORT CURBS

TOKYO - Japan's Ministry of International Trade and Industry has expressed
concern that the United States will demand restrictions on automobile exports.

The ministry is anticipating a U.S. move to establish an agreement along the
lines of one recently set up for Japan-European Community auto trade.

U.S. Trade Representative Carla Hills was reported to have told Japanese
Minister of International Trade and Industry Eiichi Nakao there are strong U.S.
pressures for such a pact.

KELLOGG, LATVIAN FIRM

FORM JOINT VENTURE

Kellogg Co. established a cereal manufacturing and marketing joint venture with
a private company in the Republic of Latvia, the company said.

The joint venture with Adazi Inc., Kellogg Adazi Food Products Inc., is already
in the process of building a ready-to-eat cereal manufacturing facility in Riga,
Latvia.

The unit, which employs Kellogg technology, is scheduled to become operational
in 1993.

The venture will market its cereals in Latvia and other Baltic states, Russia
and Byelorussia, Kellogg said.

ISRAEL'S SHAMIR IGNORES

BUSH THREAT ON LOANS

TEL AVIV, Israel - Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir on Friday ignored President
Bush's threat to veto $ 10 billion in loan guarantees for Israel, setting the
stage for a bruising U.S.-Israeli confrontation.

"At this moment the struggle is internal, between (U.S.) congressmen who support
and who express understanding of the needs of Israel, and the administration,"
Mr. Shamir said.

"We don't see any reason to change our position," he said.

Bush, noting that many American Jewish lobbyists were campaigning for the loan,
vowed Thursday to veto guarantees if Congress approves the Israel request in
defiance of his call for a four-month delay on discussion.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: TRADE BRIEFS

                  Copyright 1991 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              436 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 18, 2013 Monday

Utah: Secretary Vilsack Announces Funding to Improve Rural Electric Service for
Customers in 12 States

LENGTH: 1110  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Agriculture, The State of Utah has issued the following news
release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that rural electric
cooperatives and utilities in 12 states will receive loan guarantees to improve
generation and transmission facilities and implement smart grid technologies.
The announcement was made on the Secretary's behalf by USDA Rural Utilities
Acting Administrator John Padalino during the annual meeting of the National
Rural Electric Cooperative Association in New Orleans.

"In his State of the Union Address last week, President Obama said that in
America we have 'an aging infrastructure badly in need of repair' and these
investments help to address our country's infrastructure challenges," Padalino
said. "Upgrading rural infrastructure sets the stage for economic development,
because access to reliable, affordable electricity is essential to rural job
creation."

Today's announcement includes support for more than $8 million in smart grid
technologies, which help utilities make efficiency improvements to the electric
grid and help consumers lower their electric bills by reducing energy use in
homes and businesses.

One of the utilities selected for funding is North Dakota's Central Power
Electric Cooperative. It plans to use a $33.7 million loan guarantee to build
141 miles of transmission line and make other system improvements. Kansas' Flint
Hills Rural Electric Cooperative Association will receive an $11 million loan
guarantee to build 108 miles of distribution line. The loan includes $220,000 in
smart grid projects.

In Oklahoma, the Cotton Electric Cooperative won a $24.8 million loan guarantee
to build 229 miles of distribution line and make other system improvements. The
loan includes $1.3 million in smart grid projects.

The following is a complete list of rural utilities that will receive USDA
funding, which is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of the loan
agreement.

Alabama

Wiregrass Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $13,900,000. Funds will be used to build
135 miles of distribution line and make other system improvements. The loan
includes $100,452 in smart grid projects.
    Pea River Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $21,500,000. Funds will be used to
build 137 miles of distribution line and make other system improvements.

Alaska

Kotzebue Electric Association, Inc. - $2,900,000. Funds will be used to build 10
miles of distribution line and make other system improvements.

Colorado

Southeast Colorado Power Association - $8,202,000. Funds will be used to build
133 miles of distribution line and make other system improvements. The loan
includes $600,000 in smart grid projects.

Florida

Withlacoochee River Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $80,000,000. Funds will be used
to build 104 miles of distribution line, 4 miles of transmission line, and make
other system improvements. The loan amount includes $1,340,000 for smart grid
projects.

Georgia

Sumter Electric Membership Corporation - $12,500,000. Funds will be used to
build 437 miles of distribution line and make other system improvements. The
loan amount includes $500,000 for smart grid projects.

Kansas

Flint Hills Rural Electric Cooperative Association, Inc. - $11,000,000. Funds
will be used to build 108 miles of distribution line and make other system
improvements. The loan includes $22,000 in smart grid projects.
    The Brown Atchison Electric Cooperative Association - $5,100,000. Funds will
be used to build 53 miles of distribution line and 5 miles of transmission line,
and make other system improvements.

Kentucky

Farmers Rural Electric Cooperative Corporation - $17,582,000. Funds will be used
to build 327 miles of distribution line and make other system improvements. The
loan amount includes $412,541 for smart grid projects.

Minnesota

Runestone Electric Association - $22,000,000. Funds will be used to build 82
miles of distribution line and make other system improvements. The loan amount
includes $379,100 for smart grid projects.

North Dakota

Burke-Divide Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $7,700,000. Funds will be used to
build 106 miles of distribution line, 20 miles of transmission line and make
other system improvements. The loan includes $549,994 in smart grid projects.
    Central Power Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $33,733,000. Funds will be used
to build 141 miles of transmission line and make other system improvements.

Oklahoma

Cotton Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $24,850,000. Funds will be used to build 229
miles of distribution line and make other system improvements. The loan includes
$1,300,000 in smart grid projects.

South Dakota

West Central Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $10,125,000. Funds will be used to
build 46 miles of distribution line, 14 miles of transmission line and make
other system improvements. The loan includes $314,487 in smart grid projects.

South Dakota and North Dakota

Northern Electric Cooperative - $20,388,000. Funds will be used to build 303
miles of distribution line and make other system improvements. The loan includes
$902,512 in smart grid projects.

Texas

Bowie-Cass Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $38,532,000. Funds will be used to build
562 miles of distribution line and make other system improvements. The loan
amount includes $672,875 for smart grid projects.

The $330 million in loan guarantees announced today are provided by USDA's Rural
Utilities Service. The funding helps electric utilities upgrade, expand,
maintain and replace rural America's electric infrastructure. USDA also funds
energy conservation and renewable energy projects.

Since taking office, the Obama Administration has taken significant steps to
improve the lives of rural Americans and has provided broad support for rural
communities. The Obama Administration has set goals of modernizing
infrastructure by providing broadband access to 10 million Americans, expanding
educational opportunities for students in rural areas and providing affordable
health care. In the long term, these unparalleled rural investments will help
ensure that America's rural communities are repopulating, self-sustaining and
thriving economically.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, administers and manages
housing, business and community infrastructure programs through a national
network of state and local offices. Rural Development has an active portfolio of
more than $176 billion in loans and loan guarantees. These programs are designed
to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses, residents,
farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural areas.

For further information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              437 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 19, 2014 Monday

Agriculture, Rural Housing Service: LOAN SPECLST (COMML) (Community Programs
Specialist) LA-2014-0007

LENGTH: 3526  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job announcement:

Job Title:LOAN SPECLST (COMML) (Community Programs Specialist)

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Agriculture, Rural Housing Service

Job Announcement Number:LA-2014-0007
SALARY RANGE:
 $47,923.00 to $90,344.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Monday, May 19, 2014 to Wednesday, May 28, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1165-09/12
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
12
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - Lafayette, LA View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Applications will be accepted from current career/career-conditional USDA Rural
Development employees and current USDA CTAP eligibles within the local commuting
area of the position.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Public Trust - Background Investigation
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

Full-time - Permanent
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    Occasional travel may be required.

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.

    Time-in-grade must be met by the closing date of this announcement.
    Relocation expenses will not be paid.
    Must submit Form OGE 450 within 30 days of appointment.

DUTIES:
Back to top

The Loan Specialist (Commercial), Community Programs Specialist assists the Area
Director in leading Rural Development efforts throughout the State. The
incumbent is recognized as an expert by making and servicing complex and
difficult loans, loan guarantees and grants under Rural Utility Service and
Community Facility authorities and provides credit and technical assistance to
Rural America, business concerns, local governments, and communities within the
geographical limits of the state.

Assists in the development and implementation of Rural Development's marketing
program for the service area under the supervision of the Area Director.
Develops and maintains relationships with community officials, organizations,
and individuals to assist in marketing Rural Development programs and services.

Assists in planning and participates in, activities, conferences, and events
that market Rural Development programs and services. Maintains a basic knowledge
of all Rural Development programs and services to be able to assist all internal
and external customers. Provides input into increasing the effectiveness of
Rural Development's marketing program.

Serves as a technical expert on processing and servicing Community Programs'
loan and grants. These programs include loans and loan guarantees for water and
wast disposal, community facilities, enhancement of private credit structures
for the creation of employment, business development, and pollution abatement.
Provides advice and assistance on a variety of loan making and servicing
methods, analysis of borrowers records and operations, rural development, and
handling of legal and problem cases, etc. Recommends action to higher
supervisory levels for applications and/or servicing problems that exceed
delegated authority.

Gives guidance to borrowers in carrying out approved management practices,
including proper use of credit, income and other financial resources.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

To qualify at the GS-9: Applicants must possess one (1) year of specialized
experience at the GS-7; or its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrates a
knowledge of commercial, community and/or other types of technical loans,
competence in reviewing loan application packages for commercial and/or other
bank loans and taking action within delegated loan approval authority;
competence servicing a loan portfolio of a bank or loan association or similar
work OR possess a Master's or equivalent graduate degree OR two (2) full years
of progressively higher level graduate education leading to such a degree or
LL.B. or J.D., if related.

To qualify at the GS-11: Applicants must possess one (1) year of specialized
experience at the GS-9; or its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrates a
working knowledge and understanding of commercial loan making/servicing and
credit principles and practices in order to assess the fundamental soundness of
commercial loans and to examine applications, supporting documents, and credit
reports, and maintain servicing activities on a variety of commercial loans of
large-scale. Experience may have been gained in work equivalent to reviewing and
passing upon applications for a variety of loans or by servicing a loan
portfolio of a bank or other loan association OR possess a Ph.D. or equivalent
doctoral degree OR three (3) years of progressively higher level graduate
education leading to such a degree or LL.M. if related.

To qualify at the GS-12: Applicants must possess one (1) year of specialized
experience at the GS-11; or its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrates
thorough knowledge and understanding of commercial loan making/servicing and
credit principles and practices in order to independently assess the fundamental
soundness of loans and to independently examine applications, supporting
documents and maintain servicing activities on a variety of commercial loans.
Experience may have been gained in work equivalent to reviewing and passing upon
applications for a variety of loans or by servicing a loan portfolio of a bank
or other loan association; performing financial analysis of commercial concerns
for investment purposes; appraising real estate to determining property
valuation; or similar work. NOTE: There is no education substitution for
experience at the GS-12 level.

Undergraduate and Graduate Education : Major fields of study - finance, business
administration, economics, accounting, insurance, engineering, mathematices,
banking and credit, law, real estate operations, statistics, or other fields
related to the position, such as agriculture, agricultural economics, farm,
livestock or ranch management, or rural sociology.

NOTE: To be considered for this position, you must meet all qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the GS-1165 series set forth in the Office of
Personnel Management (OPM) Qualifications Standards by the closing date of the
announcement. A copy is available at
https://www.opm.gov/qualifications/index.asp.


All academic degrees or course work must be completed in an educational
institution that has obtained accreditation from an accrediting body recognized
by the U.S. Department of Education.  For a list of schools that meet this
criteria, see http://www.edu.gov/.

o  Have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by Direct
Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer.
o  Selectee must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance. If
selected you may be subject to a National Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a
credit report inquiry.
o  CONFIDENTIAL FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE REPORT: If selected, you will be required
to submit Form OGE-450 within 30 days of your initial appointment date, and
annually thereafter. Selectee is subject to financial Disclosure Requirements in
accordance with 5 CFR, Part 2635, Sub part E regarding business or personal
transactions with applicants, borrowers, or business contacts who have or who
are seeking business with this Agency. Selectee must be able to obtain and
maintain a security clearance. If selected you will be subject to a National
Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a credit report.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

The category rating procedure is used to rank and select eligible candidates.
Under category rating, applicants who meet basic minimum qualification
requirements established for the position and job related competencies have been
assessed are ranked by being placed in one of the following categories: Best
Qualified, Well Qualified, and Qualified. Preference eligibles are listed ahead
of non-preference eligibles within each category.
    You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Knowledge of Commercial and Community Programs servicing requirements.
        Knowledge of Commercial and Community Programs servicing requirements.
        Knowledge of Building Standards, Costs, Specifications and Contracts.
        Program Administration/Project Management.
        Supervision.
        Oral Communication.
        Written Communication.

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rhs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=364d1c62-71fc-
46f0-855c-a33000a64ed1

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:

<a
href="http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-
employee-enrollment/">http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollm
ent/new-federal-employee-enrollment/</a>

The Federal Government offers a comprehensive benefits package.  Explore the
major benefits offered to most Federal employees at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/


OTHER INFORMATION:
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50,
and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency.  CTAP/ICTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a
rating of __ or above.  Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPM's
Career Transition Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
o  If you are selected for a position with further promotion potential, you will
be placed under a career development plan, and may be non-competitively promoted
if you successfully complete the requirements and if recommended by management.
However, promotion is neither implied nor guaranteed.
o  Relocation expenses are not authorized.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
o  Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc) should contact:
USDA's TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Central Standard Time on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A resume should be provided. It should include relevant work experience
(start/end dates stated in month/year, description of duties and salary),
applicable education at a minimum, and your contact information. For current or
previous Federal employees, it should also include the Pay Plan, Series and
Grade for each work experience entry.
    For current or previous Federal employees, please attach a copy of your most
recent SF-50 or agency notification of personnel action form that provides
current position, grade level, and duty location.
    If you are a veteran claiming Veterans' Preference, please attach your
DD-214 "Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty," showing all dates
of service, receipt of medals and campaign badges, as well as character of
service (Honorable, General, etc.). The member 4 copy of your DD-214,
"Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty," is preferable.
    When applying for Federal Jobs, eligible veterans should claim preference on
their application or resume. Applicants claiming 10-point preference must
complete Standard Form (SF) 15, "Application for 10-Point Veteran Preference",
and submit the requested documentation.
    If you are a veteran claiming Sole Survivor Preference, please attach your
SSP documentation.
    Please provide a copy of your College transcript(s) which support those
qualifications for which you wish to have considered.
    Please provide your proof of disability.

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
Central Standard Time, on the closing date. The following documents are required
for your application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible
for incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail
service, your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required,
legible documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.
    College Transcripts if education is required for meeting basic
qualifications and/or used as a substitute for specialized experience. An
unofficial copy is sufficient however, if selected; an official college
transcript will be required prior to entering on duty. Education must have been
successfully completed and obtained from an accredited school, college, or
university. Foreign education must be evaluated by an approved organization. For
additional information, refer to the U.S. Department of Education web site at
http://www.ed.gov. All transcripts must be in English or include an English
translation.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current/Former Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    Veteran Hiring Authorities: (VEOA, VRA, and 30% Disabled Veterans): DD-214
(Member 4 Copy). Disabled veterans must include your VA letter & SF-15 if
claiming 10 pt. preference. Current active duty members must submit a
certification that they are expected to be discharged or released from active
duty under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the
certification is submitted.
    CTAP/ICTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force
Separation Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency
certification; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating
your separation or the position from which you will be separated.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Rachel Ross
Phone: 318-473-7620
Fax: 318-473-7963
Email: rachel.ross@la.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA Rural Development
3727 Government Street
Alexandria, LA,
71302
United States
Fax: 318-473-7963
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov/

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              438 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Mecklenburg Times (Charlotte, NC)

                              May 11, 2010 Tuesday

Soaking debt: U.S. National Whitewater Center in Charlotte strives to overcome
past woes

BYLINE: Caitlin Coakley

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1347  words


Discussing features he's adding for the summer season, U.S. National Whitewater
Center Executive director Jeff Wise exuded gleeful optimism.

Of the 40-foot bungee plunge called Mega Jump: "You'll free-fall, then it'll
catch you the last five feet. It's pretty cool - It'll scare the daylights out
of you. "

Of the new aerial challenge on the Adventure Course, an obstacle course: "It's
on a continuous belay system, once you're clipped in, you can route all the way
through, walking along a cable with a series of challenges associated with it. "

Wise's sunny outlook suggests that the storm has passed. In February, lenders
forgave two-thirds of the center's $38 million debt, leaving Wise with only
$12.4 million to repay.

But when asked about the center's financial difficulty, Wise abruptly clouds up.

"We're done with that story. We've told it a million times," he said, sounding
exasperated. "At this point, we're ready to move on and talk about something
else. "

Wise's frustration reflects the weight of the public scrutiny he has faced for
the nonprofit center, which was paid for by borrowing $38 million and backed by
a $12 million loan guarantee from Charlotte, Mecklenburg County, Gaston County,
Gastonia, Belmont and Mt. Holly. Mecklenburg County has the largest financial
commitment at $1 million each year for seven years.

Since its opening in 2006, the Whitewater Center's revenues have grown, but so
have its expenses. For the fiscal year ending in 2007, the facility posted a
$1.3 million loss, which grew to $2.1 million in 2008. Last year's losses were
$936,970, and revenue fell by $1.3 million, which Wise attributed to the slow
economy.

The losses are stark compared with the $36.5 million annual revenue forecasted
in the economic impact study presented to the local governments back in 2003.
John Connaughton, an economist from UNC Charlotte, who put together the study,
said the estimates were based on the business model provided by Wise, but
Connaughton said he couldn't remember the specifics.

Wise acknowledges miscalculations in the beginning, the most significant being
the estimate of rafters, who generate the most revenue for the park. Instead of
making up half the park's business, rafters account for only one of every six of
the park's attendants.

It's that steep discrepancy that leads some, including Mecklenburg County
Commissioner Bill James, a longtime critic of the center, to argue that the
governments involved have been gullible.

"Mr. Wise, I don't think he came at this thinking, 'I'm going to snooker the
government,'" James said. "but I do think he drank the Kool-Aid, and he bought
into a bunch of estimates that were completely out of whack. "

Value

Despite the center's shortfalls in the past, some supporters still argue it has
great value for the community.

North Carolina state Rep. Ruth Samuelson, R-Charlotte, one of the original
advocates of the Whitewater Center when she was a member of the Mecklenburg
County Board of Commissioners, was impressed by the uniqueness of the vision for
the center, as well as the value.

When Wise first pitched the plan to the board, Mecklenburg County was looking
into building a county park on the land it owned (the current site of the
Whitewater Center), but had been told by the Parks and Recreation Department
that it would cost $7 million to $10 million to develop the park.

"The deal that was being offered by the Whitewater gave us a better facility for
the same or less money, even if it had financial difficulty," she said.

The idea of taking on a loan guarantee rather than paying $7 million sweetened
the deal, though she said she was prepared to pay the full $7 million, and she
had some suspicions that the early projections may have been overly rosy.

"It's certainly frustrating, and I wish that things had gone more smoothly," she
said, "but I think there'll come a time when all this is behind us and we're
glad (the center) is there. "

Mecklenburg County Commissioner Vilma Leake, however, cringes when she sees the
amount of money being sent to the center, money that could be providing jobs, or
supporting the community's seniors, or maintaining the libraries.

"I certainly hope that (the center's board of directors) will be cognizant of
the situation that the county and the community (are) in economically when we
are in need of jobs, support, and the library," she said.

Wise is aware of the criticism. He knows that a lot of people perceive that the
money he has been receiving from the local governments is a bailout.

"That's just not accurate," he said, an edge in his voice. "A bailout means the
government had to step in and cover an unanticipated loss. In this case, the
government was a partner on the front end. "

What's next

The park remains $12.4 million in debt, of which up to $8.6 million will be paid
with the governments' guarantee.

The park is on county land under a lease that allows the nonprofit to own all of
the improvements provided it continues to operate as a whitewater park. If the
park defaults on its debt after the subsidies run out, the bank would have the
choice of writing off the remaining debt and allowing the center to continue
operating, or foreclosing on the loans.

From there, the bank may either appoint someone new to run the facility or allow
the center to become county property.

Commissioner James said he suspects that when the current subsidies are up, the
center will return to the local government to ask for an extension, which he
said he will oppose. Although Wise said he is confident he will be able to pay
off the debt in five years, critics are still skeptical, none more so than
James.

"Bullcrap," said James of Wise's optimism. "There's no way it's going to be paid
off. "

But Wise is not without supporters. Jennifer Roberts, chairman of the
Mecklenburg County Board of County Commissioners, admires the evolution of the
center's business plan since the beginning.

"They've added attractions and amenities, they've changed their pricing plans,
and I think they have tweaked it with expert advice, so it's a pretty strong
model," she said. "I'm pretty confident in their ability. "

In 2009, Wise changed the way people pay for their visits. Rather than offering
a menu of individual activities at different prices, the center sells an
all-day, full access to every activity pass for $49, the same price people paid
for only rafting in 2008.

"The pass concept worked great for us last year," Wise said. "I wish we had done
it from the start, but sometimes you have to do things the wrong way before you
figure out the right way. "

2010, Wise said, has shown promise so far: The first two-and-a-half months of
2010 showed attendance up 80 percent over last year, and this year's first
Whitewater River Jam event on May 6 was the busiest the center has had, Wise
said.

Plus, the newly added features will serve the center's effort to appeal to
families: the minimum weight is 45 pounds for both the Mega Jump and the aerial
challenge part of the Adventure Course. The center is also designing a new brake
system for the Mega Zip, in which riders are harnessed and slide down a 1,123
foot zip line, so that the minimum weight will drop from 90 pounds to 45 pounds.

But while he said he does expect some of the new features to bring in more
customers, Wise knows it's not a cure-all for the center's slow start.

Then again, he argues, he's not looking for a cure.

"There is no magic bullet for anything," he said. "I can't say, 'We tried A, and
A didn't work, so now we're going to do B and it's going to work. ' If I said
that, it'd be a lie. "

It's Business 101, Wise says: Starting a business includes a risk. Not
everything will go according to plan. The best a business can do is to learn and
keep going forward, which is what Wise repeatedly said the center will be doing.
Despite the skeptics, Wise said he thinks the business has been successful.

"It's really become the go-to place when you want to go be active outside," he
said. "People say, 'What are you going to do to make this place successful?' and
it's like, 'How do you define success?'"

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Financing

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              439 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Gleaner (New Brunswick)

                              May 5, 2009 Tuesday

Government investment helps with the flow of a steady pay cheque

BYLINE: GREG BYRNE For The Daily Gleaner

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. C7

LENGTH: 692  words


I recently visited the Moncton office of an Ontario company that has made the
smart decision to expand in New Brunswick.

With help from Business New Brunswick, land title insurer First Canadian Title
recently announced its plan to hire 50 skilled workers in Moncton, building on
its current workforce of 28.

As I stood in the downtown office building that will house many of these new
workers, I was surrounded by dozens of people who already work there.

These women and men are confident, energetic and looking forward to a prosperous
future. In speaking with many of them, I heard words of hope, encouragement and
inspiration.

As minister of Business New Brunswick, I know that good, solid jobs give New
Brunswickers the confidence they need to invest in themselves and their
communities.

As a government under the leadership of Premier Shawn Graham, we understand that
investing in opportunities for people to earn a steady pay cheque is fundamental
to building a self-sufficient New Brunswick.

This is why we have made the economy, along with creating and maintaining jobs,
our top priorities.

Our work is paying off. In New Brunswick last year, we created nearly 1,700 new
jobs, and prevented more than 4,000 jobs from being lost during the fallout from
the world financial crisis.

In 2008-2009, we provided New Brunswick's business community with more than $147
million in loans, loan guarantees, equity investment, forgivable loans and other
forms of financial help.

This money was invested in small, medium and large companies in every sector of
the economy, assisting in expansions, new startups, productivity improvements
and energy refits in every corner of our province.

We helped modernize mills in Nackawic, St. Leonard, Edmundston, Saint John and
Kedgwick, making them more energy efficient and productive.

Our investments helped Ganong Brothers Ltd. add 50 people to its existing
300-strong payroll and expand its candy factory in St. Stephen.

Our efforts convinced Prudential Consulting Ltd. to locate in Saint John, with
commitments to hire 150 people throughout the province.

We worked with manufacturer Floating Pipeline Co. to buy new equipment and hire
an extra 50 people to expand its 16-member workforce in Saint John.

In March, Primus Telecommunications Canada Inc. announced plans to relocate its
entire customer contact business from Mumbai, India to Edmundston - bringing 112
jobs to Northwestern New Brunswick.

Our $3 million investment in NB Growth, a program designed to support small and
medium-sized businesses through expansion and job grants, helped create and
maintain 730 jobs at 77 companies across New Brunswick.

This support went well beyond direct assistance and helped these companies
leverage an additional $11 million in outside investment.

We are also helping companies get through the credit crunch, protecting jobs and
companies for when the economy rebounds.

When Canada's lending institutions slammed the doors shut on profitable New
Brunswick companies last fall, we helped pry them open again by offering loan
guarantees.

We backstopped credit for companies with contracts in the hopper and people on
their payroll, saving hundreds of jobs in the process.

Our government has a balanced approach to economic development.

Our aggressive investment strategy is working and our support for local
companies is making a difference in the lives of working New Brunswickers.

We are creating an unparalleled business climate through tax reform.

New Brunswick's corporate tax rate will fall from 12 per cent to 8 per cent by
2012, the lowest in Canada. We raised the income limit for small businesses from
$400,000 to $500,000, among the highest in Canada.

These tax changes will make this province a more attractive place to live and
earn a living.

New Brunswickers can be confident this government is doing everything possible
to create opportunity and eliminate barriers to growth.

Together, we can seize these opportunities and move toward our goal of self-
sufficiency by 2026.

Greg Byrne is the minister of Business New Brunswick and the MLA for
Fredericton-Lincoln. We invite your input. Send your comments to
letters@dailygleaner.com

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2009 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              440 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Chrysler's Banks Resist New Unsecured Credit, but Compromise Still Is Possible

                           January 9, 1980, Wednesday

By GARY M. HECTOR

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Chrysler Corp.'s banks remain strongly opposed to providing additional unsecured
credit to the beleagured company, discussions with bankers and financial
analysts confirmed this week.

The goal that banks lend $400 million of new money to Chrysler, set in the
Chrysler loan guarantee legislation, has virtually no support among bankers.
Some concede, however, that a compromise credit facility or commitment of some
amount might be worked out as negotiations continue over the next few months.

In simplest terms, most bankers are convinced that they would be better off if
Chrysler failed today than if it failed a year or two from now, and they are
loathe to commit themselves unless the government rescue package insures that
the company will survive.  A number of bankers doubt they will ever be convinced
that the government plan will work.

Most lenders have been studying the loan guarantee legislation for the last
three weeks to determine how much authority the government loan guarantee board
will have to shift the burden of providing new money to Chrysler among the
various parties with a stake in the company's future.  Some bankers believe that
the board has sufficient flexibility to fill Chrysler's needs without any new
commitments from the banks.

Even if the banks can avoid lending new money to Chrysler, they will lose under
the terms of the loan guarantee program.  Right now they are the senior
creditors and the company's assets are unencumbered.  Before the commitments can
be pieced together to bail Chrysler out, the outstanding claims of the banks
will have to be subordinated to the U.S. government, and the banks will be asked
to approve asset sales and liens on the company's properties.

The banks will also be asked to give up $100 million of interest or principle,
which one banker said would be "an outright gift."

In addition, one interpretation of the loan guarantee legislation concludes that
the banks will have to raise their commitments under existing credits back to
levels in force prior to Oct. 17.

This would mean that the domestic revolving credit commitment to Chrysler, now
negotiated down to under $500 million, would rise to the full $567.5 million.
The letter of credit facilities of a group of Japanese banks would also have to
be returned to the pre-Oct. 17 level.  Certain loans or credit commitments that
expired between that date and the end of 1980 would also have to be replaced.
Bank Commitments Expand

Once again, there is flexibility in the legislation in that it allows money from
one bank to be replaced by money from another party.  But the total commitment
from the banking community will expand above the level at which it settled
during much of the winter.

Another problem is that money raised from asset sales and new loans will be used
to support Chrysler's day-to-day operations.  This will include expenditures,
such as advertising costs to promote Chrysler's name, that will not be
recoverable in the event of bankruptcy.

Given Chrysler's projections for 1980, equity in the company will be reduced by
at least $500 million during the next year, with a resulting deterioration in
the coverage of the company's debt in the event of bankruptcy.

Bankers are also arguing persuasively that Chrysler neither needs nor could
possibly pay back the amount of debt provided under the guarantees.  "There is
no way they could ever repay their loans if they borrowed over $2 billion," one
banker said.

The company originally requested only about $1.2 billion in aid, but a
combination of deteriorating economic conditions and fear that Chrysler might
need more money than the government offered prompted Congress to raise its
offer.

While Chrysler remains optimistic about its chances of cementing the $2.0
billion in private commitments that it needs, Lee lacocca, Chrysler's chief
executive, told Congress early last year that the company might have
difficulties raising $900 million in new money - a far more modest sum than the
current required amount.

In the few days since legislation was approved by Congress, Chrysler has managed
to negotiate a $243 million concession from the United Auto Workers, and is
beginning to hammer out the details of commitments from other parties.

The complexities of patching together $2 billion of commitments are expected to
affect each portion of the package as Chrysler continues it negotiations in
coming months.  It is understood that many of the concessions will be arranged
conditionally and put in place only after the full commitment is cemented.

An important unknown in Chrysler's future is the temper of the three-man board
that will oversee the completion of the loan guarantee program.  If these
individuals are willing to accept credit commitments or concessions that will
not be honored until Chrysler regains a modicum of health, then the package
might be put together quickly, with little or no immediate increase in the
exposure of Chrysler's creditors.
Increasing Political Pressure

Banks will face increasing political pressure as other pieces of the credit
package which may affect their stance on new money are arranged.  One banker
said he expects the industry will not bend to political pressures, even though
the chairman of the Federal Reserve will sit on the three-man loan guarantee
board.  Other observers speculate that the banks may be taking a hard line early
in the negotiations in order improve their bargaining position in the later
stages of negotiations.

Bankers reached this week said that conversations between the banks and Chrysler
continue, but so far no specific proposals have been presented by the auto
maker.  No meetings are planned, but bankers expect Chrysler to informally
present details on its progress within a week or two.

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 967 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1980 American Banker, Inc.


                              441 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Global Capital Euroweek

                                  May 2, 2003

Asia Loans

SECTION: ASIA

LENGTH: 1848 words


AUSTRALASIA

Australia

Arrangers Bank of America (Australia), National Australia Bank, RBS Australia
and WestLB (Sydney) have closed the A$1.25bn 15 year fundraising for Westlink
Motorway Partnership.

The deal was oversubscribed with a further nine banks committing to the
facility. As a result, a general syndication is not needed.

Lenders earn a margin that steps up over the life of the loan, starting from a
low of 150bp and rising to a high of 200bp over BBSY.

The facility takes the form of a construction facility for the first 3-1/2
years; thereafter it converts to a term loan for the remaining 11-1/2 years.

Proceeds finance the construction of the 39km Western Sydney Orbital road
project on a build, operate, own and transfer basis that will link Hume Highway,
south of Sydney, with Pennant Hills road and the F3 freeway in the north of
Sydney.

The total project cost will be A$1.5bn, of which the federal government will
provide A$356m. Details and allocations are being finalised with signing
scheduled to take place mid-May.

New Zealand

John Fairfax Holdings is acquiring INL's publishing businesses for NZ$1.188bn.

The takeover will be partly funded through a share placement of NZ$341m. A
syndicated loan will be mandated later this month.

INL's businesses include two metropolitan papers, two national newspapers, seven
regional dailies and 53 community publications.

Telecom Corp of New Zealand's$325m three year fundraising will close either
today (Friday) or on Monday. The deal was scheduled to close on April 30 but was
extended due to Easter.

ASIA

China

Standard Chartered has completed a HK$750m 3-1/2 year term loan for Shanghai
Jing Fu Property, an SPV in China guaranteed by Edward Wong Development Co, Shui
On Co and Shun Hing Holdings.

The arranger contributed HK$300m.

Participants are Hang Seng Bank (Shanghai), Wing Hang Bank and Development Bank
of Singapore (Shanghai) committing HK$150m apiece.

Proceeds are for the development of a commercial property project in Shanghai.

Hong Kong

Hang Lung Properties is forming an arranger group for its planned Hong Kong
dollar refinancing.

The exact amount of the facility has not been finalised but bankers suggest that
it is likely to be upwards of HK$3bn.

Bankers say that the structure of the deal is likely to be similar to the HK$4bn
five and seven year transaction that was syndicated in May last year.

A formal mandate should be awarded in mid-May.

Bankers working on the Hong Kong dollar credit for China Resources Holdings are
working on the information memorandum for the deal. Launch has been slated for
some time in the next two weeks.

Arrangers BayernLB, Crédit Lyonnais and National Australia Bank have launched a
HK$450m two year fundraising for Inchroy Credit Corp.

Invitations were sent out offering banks a margin of 27bp over Hibor and front
end fees on three levels.

Co-arrangers contributing HK$80m or more gain 30bp, lead managers providing
HK$50m-HK$70m are paid 26bp and managers lending HK$20m-HK$40m receive 24bp.

This is the borrower's first loan since a HK$1.5bn three year facility that was
completed by arranger BA Asia in August 1999.

That deal was priced at 115bp all-in for top tier commitments - substantially
more than the 42bp on offer from this transaction. Bankers point out that the
larger size and longer tenor plus the prevailing economic conditions must be
taken into account when comparing the two facilities.

Proceeds will refinance an existing Hong Kong dollar CD issue and provide funds
for general working capital. Responses are due by May 14.

Indonesia

State oil and gas company Pertamina has awarded a mandate to BNP Paribas to
arrange a project financing for its gas pipeline project in Java.

A commercial loan portion that will fund up to 30% of the cost with the
remainder to be provided by JBIC.

Proceeds are for the development of the Pagardewa gas pipeline that will connect
Sumatra to Java.

Korea

The$100m one year term loan for KorAm Bank, being arranged on a best efforts
basis, has so far received commitments from BayernLB, Commerzbank, Standard
Chartered, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corp, UniCredito and Union Bank of
California.

Three more banks are considering joining the facility which may take the size to
around$150.

m The borrower last tapped the market in December with a$100m two year term loan
arranged by Crédit Lyonnais, Natexis Banque Populaires, Standard Chartered and
Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corp. Banks received a margin of 24bp and a top
participation fee of 22bp.

Proceeds for the latest facility are for general corporate use, with responses
due in early May.

Malaysia

IOI Corp Bhd's Eu230m five year deal has received an encouraging response from
the market with arranger Citigroup already receiving a number of written
commitments.

Responses are due next week.

Philippines

Bids were due earlier this week for the$200m loan deal for Philippine National
Oil Corp that will be guaranteed by the Republic of the Philippines.

Bankers say the borrower was looking for a three or five year financing.

The borrower recently received government approval to refinance an existing$175m
facility that funded the expansion of the Malampaya gas project.

A mandate will be awarded in a couple of weeks.

Bankers are waiting to hear if the government of the Philippines is going to
proceed with the proposed bond and loan facility for Psalm. Bids were submitted
over three weeks ago and no response has been forthcoming.

Some loan syndicators have suggested that the borrower may be considering its
options following the sovereign downgrade to BB by Standard & Poor's on April
24.

Taiwan

World Peace Industrial has granted a mandate to Chinatrust Commercial Bank to
arrange a NT$1bn three year revolving credit.

The borrower is involved with distribution, sales and marketing of electronic
components and devices.

Banks will receive a margin of 95bp over the secondary CP fixing rate. Fees are
being decided.

Proceeds are for working capital purposes with launch scheduled for mid-June.

Chinatrust Commercial Bank has been awarded the mandate for a NT$1.638bn
fundraising for Mercuries Data Systems.

The facility is divided between a NT$1.046.5bn three year, five month
performance bond guarantee facility, a NT$91.5m five year, five month
performance bond guarantee facility both paying a guarantee fee of 75bp and a
NT$500m three year, five month revolving credit that offers a margin of 80bp
over the CP fixing rate.

The borrower last tapped the market in December with a NT$1bn club facility
arranged by Hua Nan Commercial Bank, International Commercial Bank of China,
Shanghai Commercial & Savings Bank, Taiwan Co-operative Bank and Taipei Bank.
The facility was divided between a NT$500m five year term loan and a NT$500m
five year guarantee facility that pays fee of 70bp.

Banks received a margin of 70bp over the CP fixing rate for the first year which
stepped up to 110bp for the remaining four years of the loan. For the guarantee
facility lenders were paid a guarantee fee of 70bp.

Proceeds from the latest facility are to fund the construction of a
communications system for the Taiwan railway.

The deal will be launched in mid-May.

Arranger Chinatrust Commercial Bank has launched the NT$2bn three year term loan
for Universal Scientific. The facility was increased from NT$1.5bn after the
borrower cancelled its second fundraising of the year, a$45m deal that was to
have been arranged by Citigroup.

Banks earn a margin of 95bp over the CP fixing rate. Co-arrangers lending
NT$400m or more earn 10bp; senior managers pledging NT$300m-NT$399m receive 5bp;
and managers investing NT$200m-NT$299m gain 3bp.

Proceeds are for working capital purposes. Responses are due on May 23.

The NT$9bn fundraising for Tung Tsang Development is nearing closure after a
syndicate of 20 banks joined Bank of Taiwan. Among the participants are First
Commercial Bank and Kaohsiung Commercial Bank.

Proceeds are for the development of a shopping centre in Kaohsiung. Details and
final allocations are being finalised before the deal is signed in mid-May.

Arranger Citibank (Taipei) has received commitments from 14 banks totaling
$140.5m for the$120m five year financing for ASE Test Finance.

A handful of stragglers are still waiting for internal credit approval. Once
these have joined the facility will be closed.

The NT$5bn five year guarantee facility for Pou Chen Corp has been completed.
The deal was oversubscribed and increased from NT$3.5bn.

Arrangers include Bank of Taiwan contributing NT$600m, First Commercial Bank
taking NT$550m and BNP Paribas committing NT$250m.

Co-managers are International Commercial Bank of China and Standard Chartered
providing NT$500m apiece, and Chang Hwa Commercial Bank, Land Bank of Taiwan and
United World Commercial Bank of Taiwan lending NT$400m each.

Managers are Industrial Development Bank of China, Hua Nan Commercial Bank, Bank
of Taipei and Co-operative Bank of Taiwan taking NT$300m apiece and Shanghai
Commercial & Savings Bank pledging NT$200m.

Signing is tentatively scheduled to take place in Taipei on May 9.

Thailand

There are conflicting stories about the mandate for the$300m loan-style FRN for
Kingdom of Thailand.

Some bankers say a mandate has been awarded while others say a group of banks
including HSBC and Deutsche Bank are close to the deal.

RFPs were sent out over two weeks ago and a formal mandate was scheduled to be
awarded this week.

BLCP Power's $1.2bn equivalent project financing is making progress after nine
banks including Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corp, ANZ Investment Bank, BNP Paribas,
Crédit Lyonnais KBC Bank, Fortis Bank, NordLB, SG Asia and WestLB were awarded
the mandate for a$500m offshore 16 year term loan.

The facility is divided into a$500m offshore portion that will include partial
funding from the Asian Development Bank for political risk insurance, a$500m
equivalent onshore tranche to be arranged by a group of Thai banks and a$200m
equity portion provided from the sponsors of the project, Banpu Coal and CLP
International.

JBIC will also provide funding for the project after the loan agreement signing
date, which is slated for the end of June.

Proceeds are for the development of a 1350MW coal fired power station in Map Ta
Phut.

ABN Amro, Standard Chartered and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corp have been awarded
a mandate to arrange a $37.5m financing for Laem Chabang Power Co, a wholly
owned subsidiary of Sime Darby. The arrangers are working on the structure of
the deal before launching to general syndication next week.

INDIAN SUBCONTINENT

India

BSES is looking to raise a dual currency working capital facility. No mandate
has been awarded but bankers say a handful of international banks including ABN
Amro and Standard Chartered are believed to be close to the deal.

The borrower last tapped the market with a $126.6m five year LC facility in
October last year. The response to the transaction was strong with arranger
Standard Chartered Bank receiving commitments in excess of$250.

m A mandate will be awarded some time in May.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EUROW


              Copyright 2003 Euromoney Institutional Investor PLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              442 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                          September 29, 2011 Thursday

Fighting triggers civil war fears in Syria

BYLINE: Pioneer Press

SECTION: NATIONAL

LENGTH: 899 words


Syrian troops fought intense battles Friday with hundreds of fellow soldiers who
have turned their weapons against the regime of President Bashar Assad,
revealing the increasingly militarized nature of an uprising started months ago
by peaceful protesters.

Across the country, tens of thousands of demonstrators took to the streets as
they do each Friday, braving gunfire by government forces who have waged a
relentless crackdown. At least 11 protesters were killed and scores were
wounded, human rights groups said.

Opposition activists and the government confirmed a fourth straight day of
battles in Rastan, just north of the central city of Homs. The fighting is some
of the most intense since the outpouring against Assad's regime began in
mid-March.

The army defections as well as reports that once-peaceful protesters are
increasingly taking up arms to fight the 6-month-old government crackdown have
raised concerns of the risk of civil war in a country with a deep sectarian
divide.

Rights groups ask Libyans to end prisoner abuse

TRIPOLI, Libya - Human Rights Watch called on Libya's new rulers to stop armed
groups from rounding up suspected Moammar Gadhafi supporters and abusing them,
saying Friday that some detainees reporting beatings and electric shocks had the
scars to prove it.

The treatment of prisoners has become a litmus test for the transitional
government as it tries to rein in young men who fought in the civil war that
ousted Gadhafi and now refuse to lay down their weapons.

The New York-based rights group said it had visited 20 detention facilities in
Tripoli and interviewed 53 inmates, including 37 Libyans and 16 sub-Saharan
Africans.

Obama: Afghan withdrawal on track

WASHINGTON - Citing "huge challenges" ahead, President Barack Obama said he
still intends to withdraw 33,000 troops from Afghanistan by next year and said
the administration's strategy for winding down the war remains unchanged.

Obama made his declaration in a letter to congressional leaders Friday. The
letter accompanied a semiannual report assessing the administration's policy
toward Afghanistan and Pakistan.

The letter reports improvement in the fight against al-Qaida, as well as a
reversal in the Taliban's momentum in Afghanistan and headway in the training of
Afghan security forces.

Car bomb in Iraq kills 17 at funeral

BAGHDAD - A car bomb exploded Friday near a Shiite mosque south of Baghdad where
mourners had gathered for a funeral, killing 17 people, Iraqi officials said.

The explosion triggered new anger at Iraq's leaders and their armed forces, who
soon will take over responsibility for the country's security on their own as
U.S. troops rapidly leave the country.

Violence has dropped since the height of Iraq's bloodshed a few years ago, but
Iraqi forces have failed to stop attacks that continue to claim lives daily.

4 more solar loan guarantees OK'd

WASHINGTON - The Energy Department on Friday approved four more solar energy
loan guarantees worth nearly $5 billion, hours before a controversial loan
program was set to expire.

Energy Secretary Steven Chu said the department completed deals on four
projects, including two that were sold late this week by Arizona-based First
Solar Inc., a major solar manufacturer that had been seeking three federal loan
guarantees for projects in California.

The sales were announced Friday, along with the loan guarantees.

Potter e-book store opening delayed

LONDON - "Harry Potter" fans will have to wait a bit longer to buy the magic
tales in electronic form.

The creators of the online Potter portal said Friday that the launch of an
e-book store has been pushed back to next year.

The seven "Harry Potter" books had been due to go on sale this month,
exclusively through the "Pottermore" website.

The site is a combination of virtual encyclopedia, role-playing game and online
community for fans of author J.K. Rowling's boy wizard.

Perry touts record, bludgeons rivals

ATLANTA - Rick Perry said Friday that anyone with doubts about how he would
govern as president should simply look at Texas.

In his first domestic policy speech as a candidate for the White House, Perry
touted his record on taxes, health care and the environment during a decade at
the helm of the Lone Star state. But he used the brief outline of his tenure to
bludgeon his political rivals.

Perry drew a stark contrast between his record and that of Mitt Romney, his main
GOP opponent, and raised the specter of the health care law Romney ushered
through as governor of Massachusetts.

Legal drug injection site OK, court says

VANCOUVER, British Columbia - North America's only legal drug injection facility
saves lives and should stay open, Canada's Supreme Court ruled Friday.

The court's decision could facilitate the eventual opening of other facilities
in different cities, but the court's ruling applied only to the site in
Vancouver.

The facility called Insite was promoted by its founders as a safe, humane space
for drug abusers. Canada's Conservative government said it aids drug abuse, but
the court ruled the government should stop interfering in the controversial
clinic.

As of 2009, there were 65 injection facilities in 27 cities in Canada, Australia
and western Europe, according to the Canadian Medical Association Journal.

The World Health Organization has called them a "priority intervention" in
slowing the spread of AIDS via infected needles.

-- From news services

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              443 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                          September 10, 2011 Saturday
                                Kolkata Edition

Centre Plans Loan Melas to Boost Growth

BYLINE: SANGITA MEHTA MUMBAI

SECTION: FRONT PAGE

LENGTH: 590 words


Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's government is nudging state-run banks to dole
out at least.10,000 in unsecured loans to landless labourers to boost
consumption in rural areas which bankers say reminds one of 'loan melas' of the
1980s that crippled the industry.Public sector banks should also accelerate
distribution of Kisan Credit Cards to farmers who have not defaulted in the past
as it could fuel demand for goods and keep the rural economy humming even as
price rise eats into their earnings."Each bank will also work out a scheme of
providing savings or overdraft facility to families which do not have land,but
live in rural area," a letter to banks from a bureaucrat in the finance ministry
says.These loans should be for "personal consumption purposes" and based on
"personal guarantee" from a fellow villager.The UPA government is using PSU
banks to improve welfare of the rural population besides central welfare schemes
like MNREGA,a guaranteed employment programme.The slowing growth rate is making
the government to use non-traditional channels to keep the economy growing since
there is little room for monetary and fiscal measures.It is also asking banks to
play the mediator's role in getting clearances for projects from state
governments."Farmers have this psychological feeling that eventually there will
be a waiver of loans and they resist making payments in the same hope," said an
official of a state-run bank who did not want to be identified due to
sensitivity of the matter.Waiver Aims to Weed Out Money Lenders from the System
"Anything that is imposed on banks turns out to be a sticky loan," he added.The
UPA government,in its previous term,waived farm loans worth more than.40,000
crore before elections in 2009.The Congress-led governments in the past under
Indira Gandhi had also doled out loans that turned sticky.Janardhana Poojary,a
junior finance minister in the Indira Gandhi Cabinet in the 1980s,conducted '
loan melas' across the country that gave away loans to villagers without
guarantees.The barrister's socialist programme weakened the banking industry.The
government itself had to bail out these banks with taxpayers' money.But in a
poor country like India where more than half of the population lives with less
than.100 a day,welfare schemes such as these may keep the economy oiled.Also,the
fleecing by money lenders makes it essential for the government to push through
such schemes."The aim is to weed out money lenders from the system since they
are charging exorbitant rates from the segment of people who do not have access
to formal banking services," says RK Bakshi,executive director of Bank of
Baroda."Secondly,the purpose is also to provide means of earning to those who
are financially excluded." Government owned banks due to their extensive branch
network in rural India have over 80% market share in agri-loan
business.However,the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) data shows lending to
agriculture fell 11.8% in July 2011 on a yearon-year basis against 19% in July
2010.The ministry has said the loans can be given for meeting consumption
purpose based on personal guarantee given by villagers.As of March 2011,banks
provided overdraft facility of.198 crore to only 42 lakh no-frill account
holders.The letter to banks also says: "non-defaulting farmers has to be given
KCC by October 15 and the list of farmers without KCC will be made available at
the local district office of each village." By the end of March 2011,banks
issued.22.48 lakh KCC for an outstanding amount of.1,438 crore.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              444 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Guelph Mercury (Ontario, Canada)

                           September 16, 2013 Monday
                                 First Edition

No assets to offer as collateral for dome loan, soccer says

BYLINE: Chris Herhalt, Mercury staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 453 words


Guelph Soccer doesn't want to be attached to a loan being renegotiated to save
the indoor soccer dome at Centennial Park because it has no meaningful assets to
offer as collateral, the not-for-profit's chair says.

Dave Tack confirmed Guelph Soccer spent $800,000 of its own money on building
and maintaining the soccer dome from 2007 to 2010, and about $210,000 in the
last three years helping another not-for-profit it set up, Guelph Community
Sports, meet its obligations.

"Guelph Soccer can't keep doing that," Tack said.

Guelph city council voted unanimously last Monday to order city staff to
renegotiate the deal on a $500,000 loan between Guelph Community Sports, Royal
Bank of Canada and the city, to extend its terms by five years and add Guelph
Soccer as a guarantor or co-signer.

Extending terms of the loan would lower the monthly payments enough to allow
Guelph Community Sports to meet all of its obligations without assistance from
Guelph Soccer.

Tack said council and city staff made several assertions last Monday that were
inaccurate.

Despite what was said, Tack said Guelph Community Sports made its August payment
on the outstanding loan.

"We continue to go into a deficit position with Guelph Soccer every month it
takes to resolve this," Tack said.

Tack added that Guelph Soccer first approached the city for advice on what do in
October 2012 and hoped the issue would be resolved by last July.

And only Tack sits on both the boards of Guelph Community Sports and Guelph
Soccer, contrary to what was stated in council.

Watching last Monday's meeting on television, Tack said he felt as though the
attitude on council was that Guelph Community Sports and Guelph Soccer had
approached the city with cap in hand, but there is less, not more risk if the
loan terms are extended.

"If the loan defaults today, it's $500,000 on the city," Tack said.

"But if the loan gets extended, every day the operation continues it's less of a
burden and risk for the city," Tack said.

"I don't blame the city for wanting all kinds of guarantees, but we're already
$1 million into this. I don't know how much further into this we could be."

Tack said that fundraising and sponsorship negotiations for the dome's turf
replacement, a $300,000-$350,000 project scheduled for 2018, will start this
winter.

As for a $1.2 million dome replacement, scheduled for 2023, Tack questioned
whether a new dome was even necessary once all debts on the facility have been
paid off.

"Why do we have to assume this inflatable facility has to be maintained for
life?" Tack said, adding that future indoor soccer matches could be played at
the Royal Distributing Athletic Performance Centre in Marden or at the
University of Guelph's indoor turf facility.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              445 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              May 18, 2014 Sunday

N.D. rural electric co-op gets $29M loan guarantee

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 96 words


A North Dakota-based electric cooperative is getting a $29 million loan
guarantee to improve rural electric service in the state.

Minot-based Central Power Electric Cooperative is getting the help through a
federal Agriculture Department effort involving aid for projects in 18 states.

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said the loan guarantees nationwide total $540
million. He said reliable electricity is critical to the success of rural
economies.

Central Power plans to add 56 miles of electrical line, build a new substation
and upgrade existing facilities.

- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2014 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              446 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Jamestown Sun (North Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 8, 2009 Wednesday

City Council supports hospital request

BYLINE: Toni Pirkl, The Jamestown Sun, N.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 786 words


Apr. 8--On a vote of 4-1, the City Council approved a certification of community
support for Jamestown Hospital's USDA loan application Tuesday at a special
meeting.

Once approved the USDA guarantees $40 million in a low-interest loan to build a
new hospital. Plus, another $8 million will be allocated in a direct USDA loan.
Both will finance construction a new regional medical facility in Jamestown.
Alan O'Neill, vice president of finance at James-town Hospital, said the cost of
building the new facility is estimated at $51.5 million, which means $3.5
million will need to be raised elsewhere.

Mayor Clarice Liechty, who was the lone vote against, said she had seen no
evidence of the "significant community support." The calls she has received do
not support the move, she said. However, she acknowledged she had heard from two
who do support building a new hospital at its planned location. The new hospital
will be built along Interstate 94 at the Highway 281 Bypass.

Liechty said she was called an "obstructionist" by one caller.

The significant community support is needed to access federal funding, O'Neill
said. The support is in reference to the fact that Jamestown Hospital is the
only hospital in town and, he said, is "providing a necessary service" to the
community.

The 45-minute meeting focused primarily on the hospital's plans and its
reasoning regarding a new facility. Most of the questions came from the mayor.
When other councilmembers said that the meeting was about certification for a
loan application, not about the project, Liechty said there may be people in the
audience who had questions as she did.

Referring to the need for a new facility, O'Neill read a letter from Dr. Robert
Wells, chief of the medical staff at Jamestown Hospital. In it, Wells said there
has been a significant shortage of physicians nationally, which is expected to
worsen as baby-boomers retire. At the same time, recruiting and keeping
high-quality physicians in Jamestown has gotten more difficult.

"This has forced us to consider ways in which we may become more competitive in
bringing doctors to Jamestown -- and keeping them here," Wells wrote.

A new state-of-the-art medical facility will not only provide high-quality
medical care, he said, but would be beneficial in attracting physicians to
Jamestown. The mayor questioned how a new hospital would bring in new doctors.

"Physicians are definitely attracted to the physical plant," said Dr. David
Plocher, a Minneapolis physician and consultant on the interior design and
layout of the new facility. Plocher has been gathering input from local
physicians on what they want to see in the facility.

Connie Krapp, vice chairman of the James-town Hospital Board of Trustees, said
the process to build a new hospital and its location was discussed for several
years by the board.

"We talked profoundly and repeatedly on the future of health care, particularly
rural health care," Krapp said. "The paradigms are changing in the health care
industry."

She said the board recognizes a new facility would be regional, especially as
small-town medical facilities lose doctors and services. That means the new
state-of-the-art hospital would be serving at least 65,000 people from the
region. Krapp said it's one of the reasons the congressional celegation supports
it.

"We're important regionally in the health care industry," she said. "We're
looking at a greater community than just Jamestown."

At one point, Councilman Pat Nygaard interrupted the mayor's questions, saying
"I'm not happy about the location either. I'd prefer it to stay downtown, but
according to the architect it's not possible. The project is going forward and
it's in everyone's best interest that we help them secure funding."

After the mayor's questions continued regarding the clinics' participation, the
medical office building and handling the debt load for a new hospital,
Councilwoman Kelani Parisien called the question.

"The issue before us is specifically the funding," Parisien said. "I don't see
any reason we should stand in the way of you accessing federal funding."

Parisien, Nygaard and Councilmen Ken Schulz and Charlie Kourajian voted in favor
of granting the certification.

Sun reporter Toni Pirkl can be reached at (701) 952-8453 or by e-mail at
tonip@jamestownsun.com

To see more of The Jamestown Sun, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.jamestownsun.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Jamestown Sun, N.D.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090408-QJ-City-Council-supports-hospital-request-0408

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QJ


                                 Copyright 2009


                              447 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                           December 19, 2009 Saturday
                    Flagler/palm Coast News-tribune Edition

Geithner unveils exit plan for TARP

BYLINE: AARON LONDON, AARON LONDON - STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SECTION B; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 536  words


Emergency intervention by the federal government staved off a collapse of the
financial system, but that cannot go on forever. Still, the government can't
just pull the plug on its assistance to banks and other financial services
firms, either. Instead, a coordinated strategy is required.

That was the message delivered earlier this month to the Congressional Oversight
Panel by Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner. A copy of Geithner's prepared
remarks is available online at treasury.gov.

After briefly outlining the government response to the financial crisis,
Geithner said there is still work to be done.

We need to continue to find ways to help mitigate foreclosures for responsible
homeowners and to get credit to small businesses," he said. "We also must
maintain the capacity to address potential threats to our financial system,
which could undermine the recovery we have seen to date."

Geithner outlined four elements to ending the Troubled Asset Relief Program, the
primary governmental vehicle for propping up banks and other financial services
firms and stabilizing the financial system.

The first is to continue the policy of winding down other programs created to
meet the financial crisis, including the Money Market Guarantee program, the
Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program and some Federal Reserve Board credit
programs.

With respect to (the Troubled Asset Relief Program), support for large financial
institutions is coming to an end," Geithner said.

The next step is to focus more directly on consumer and small- business issues,
Geithner said. That includes working to help consumers avoid foreclosures,
promoting initiatives to provide capital to small and community banks and
possibly increase the government's commitment to the Term Asset-Backed
Securities Loan Facility, a program that has improved stability in
securitization markets that help facilitate consumer and small-business lending.

Geithner pledged that beyond the commitment to stabilize and encourage consumer
and small-business lending, the government would not use remaining Emergency
Economic Stabilization Act funds "unless necessary to respond to an immediate
and substantial threat to the economy stemming from financial instability." The
act -- also known more popularly as the "stimulus package" -- has been a
cornerstone of the government's response to the financial crisis and subsequent
economic recession.

Geithner said the government needs to maintain the capacity to respond to
threats to the financial system, and he recently extended authority granted to
the Department of Treasury under the stimulus package to intervene in the
financial system.

The final piece of the exit strategy outlined by Geithner focuses on management
of equity investments made through the bailout program.

We will exercise our voting rights only on core issues such as election of
directors, and not interfere in the day-to-day management of individual
companies," he said.

In conclusion, Geithner warned the oversight panel of the dangers of pulling
government support for the economy too quickly.

History suggests that exiting too soon from policies designed to contain a
financial crisis can significantly prolong an economic downturn," he said.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Caption: Timothy Geithner

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2009 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2009 News-Journal Corporation


                              448 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Weekend Courier (Perth, Australia)

                              July 4, 2008 Friday
                                   1 Edition

$75m for spending on town

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 358 words


Budget will deliver on promises, mayor says

KWINANAs Looking Forward Campaign moved another step ahead after Kwinana Town
Council approved spending $75m, including $46m capital expenditure, to deliver a
range of new infrastructure projects in the 2008/09 budget.

The budget provoked heated debate before it was approved 6-2 at the special
meeting on Wednesday night. With residents facing a 6 per cent rates increase,
some councillors disagreed with the inclusion of millions of dollars of loans
for projects without detailed costing or guarantee of grant funding.

Kwinana Mayor Carol Adams said the budget would deliver on councils promises to
provide improved infrastructure for the Kwinana community.

This budget starts Kwinana down a path where we can provide an improved level of
service to our current and future residents, and also guarantees our long-term
sustainability, she said.

Kwinana Progress Association president Steve Hesse said he was concerned about
the impact a 6 per cent rate increase would have on residents.

Why are we paying now for what has been neglected in Kwinana for the past 20
years? he said. It is ok for some, but other people in the community, such as
pensioners, are struggling to pay their rates.

Cr Adams said for residents on the minimum rate the increase equated to an extra
$20 for the year.

We will be providing almost 80 per cent more funds to develop services and
facilities in exchange for a 6 per cent residential rate increase, she said.

Industrial ratepayers will face an increase of 8.5 per cent, including a 1.5 per
cent streetscape beautification levy.

Cr Glen Bersan argued he did not believe industry would agree to a 1.5 per cent
levy for streetscape beautification, when funds collected from a 2.6 per cent
levy introduced a few years ago remained unused.

The council will generate nearly $17.2m rates income in the next financial year
and raise loans of up to $14.5m.

This includes $2.5m for Rockingham Road Streetscape Beautification, $4.5m for a
Knowledge Centre, $1.1m for Wellard Community Centre, $1.5m for a youth
facility, $1.5m for Orelia Oval Pavilion and $1m for Administration Centre
renovations.

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CWC


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              449 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2011 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                January 18, 2011

                                COMMUNITY RITES

                              RISING MOON COTTAGE
                               DALE VIEW BANKSIDE
                                   YOULGRAVE

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 05807106

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: May 5, 2006
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Sinead Marie O'donnell, Marketer


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    HELEN IRENECULLEN, RETIRED


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Dissolved company

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
92320 - Operation of arts facilities

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: May 31, 2007
FISCAL YEAR END: May 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  May 31, 2007
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Total Exemption Full
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  January 22, 2008
ANNUAL RETURN:  May 5, 2008
CREDIT LIMIT:  Z

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/05/200         -         -
                                                   7
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    0         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  0         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 0         -         -
Stocks                                             0         -         -
Debtors                                            0         -         -
Cash                                               0         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         -         -
Other Current Assets                               0         -         -
Total Current Assets                               0         -         -
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        0         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            0         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                       0         -         -



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/05/200         -         -
                                                   7
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                     13,000         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     0         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  0         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              0         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          0         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          0         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      0         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                     13,000         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        0         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                             13,000         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 0         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                 -13000         -         -
Revaluation Reserve                                0         -         -
Shareholder Funds                             -13000         -         -
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                    -13000         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/05/200  -  -
                           7
                         GBP GB GB
                              P  P
Total Sales           24,000  -  -
Cost of Sales         37,000  -  -
Gross Profit          -13000  -  -
Operating Profit           -  -  -
Export                     -  -  -
Nontrading Income          -  -  -
Interest Payable           -  -  -
Pretax Profit         -13000  -  -
Taxation                   -  -  -
Profit After Tax           -  -  -
Dividends Payable          -  -  -
Retained Profits           -  -  -
Value Added                -  -  -
Capital Employed      -13000  -  -
Net Worth             -13000  -  -
Working Capital       -13000  -  -
Emp. Renumeration          -  -  -
Dir. Renumeration          -  -  -
Audit Fees                 -  -  -
Non-audit Fees             -  -  -
Depreciation               -  -  -
Number of                  -  -  -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 1,296 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2007)
SIC Code:
92320 Operation of arts facilities



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -4.95     4.96    42.11
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -5.39     1.60    19.29
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -5.56     1.25    11.94
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              54.38   150.00   359.13
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       16.54     2.88     0.00
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   0.55     1.11     2.33
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -        -        -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  10,659.4 15,541.6 20,175.0
                                                          4        7        0
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  31,728.9 49,438.1 84,875.0
                                                          9        8        0
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  41.57    29.69    18.55



CREDIT RATING
Year  0         Dissolved or dissolution action
=                                       pending
Year -1                                       -
=
Year -2                                       -
=
Year -3                                       -
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                    1/05/200 --
                                                           7
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                       - --
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                                 - --
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                     - --
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -54.17 --
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                   - --
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                                   - --
Export / Sales (%)                                         - --
Working Capital / Sales (%)                           -58.33 --
Sales / Stocks                                             - --
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales ) x        0.00 --
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    0.00 --
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                      0.00 --
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                                 - --
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                          - --
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                             - --
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                         - --
Current Liabilities / Stocks                               - --
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)          - --
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                          - --
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  - --
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                          - --
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                     - --
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   - --
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   - --
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                            - --
Value Added / Sales (%)                                    - --
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    - --
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                        - --
Sales / Audit Fees                                         - --
Total Assets / Audit Fees                                  - --
Creditors / Debtors                                        - --
Total Debt / Working Capital                               - --
Total Debt / Total Assets                                  - --

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP -13000

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2013


                              450 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                           January 10, 2008 Thursday

New financing scheme for small farmers

BYLINE: OUR STAFF REPORTER

LENGTH: 604 words


KARACHI - State Bank of Pakistan has developed a Financing Scheme on group-based
methodology for the small farmers involved in crop and non-crop activities in
order to improve the access to finance to such farmers who are unable to meet
adequate collaterals requirements of commercial banks. SBP said that under the
scheme, the banks would provide loans to the members of small farmers' group for
crops and non-crop activities, based on their cash flow under joint cross
guarantee of group members.

The scheme covers all areas of the group-based financing methodology including'
group formation, roles & responsibilities of members, bank & group coordinator,
size and tenure of loans, documentation and other related matters. However,
financing to small farmers under the scheme shall be subject to compliance with
SBP regulations on agriculture financing.

It may be pointed out that under group-based lending programs; loans are given
to individuals through a peer group. In this case, group members guarantee
repayment, of each other's loans and collateral is generally not used but peer
pressure and collective responsibilities generated by the group take their
place.

However, the exact amount of loan will be determined by the bank based on
genuine requirements and cash flow of the applicant. Maximum period of loan
should be fixed as per Prudential Regulations repayment schedule may be set as
per production cycle of the crop/non-crop activities being financed or revolving
credit facility for three years subject to mandatory clean up of entire
liabilities (both principal and mark up) once in a year or cash flow of the
borrower in case of non-crop activities.

Banks are advised that they should have detailed understanding and information
about the borrower's business and his/her assets as well as his/her capacity to
effectively use and repay the loan. Moreover, under the scheme the loan can be
extended for working capital requirement of the farming community both for crop
as well as non- crop activities.

Banks can also provide term loan facility to small farmers for making different
types of improvements in the land, construction of sheds/ ponds, development of
orchards/nurseries, purchase of livestock, farm implements, machinery, tube
wells, generators etc.

Banks are advised to arrange insurance of the amount of loan disbursed for crop
and non-crop activities (wherever available) and life insurance of the borrower
to safeguard the interest of the borrower and the bank, in case of losses due to
natural calamity or event beyond the control of the borrower. In addition, where
the agricultural loans have been extended for specified purposes, the banks/DFls
are advised to ensure that the loans have been utilized for the same purposes
for which they were obtained.

For this purpose, the banks/DFls may consider it prudent to make payments
directly to the suppliers wherever appropriate.

However, this provision will not apply on farmers who are provided loans under
Revolving Credit Scheme. It may be pointed out that the outreach of agricultural
credit is limited to the extent of about 2m borrowers as against total farmer's
population of 6.6m. Majority of the country's farmers i.e. 84% comprises of
small farmers and rely on informal sector credit at exorbitant rates to meet
their agricultural credit requirements.

One of the main reasons of the financial exclusion of these small farmers has
been their inability to provide collateral to banks. It is expected that the
problem of financial exclusion will be mitigated with the introduction of
group-based financing scheme for small farmers.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government Aid

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                           Copyright 2008 The Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              451 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            January 30, 2007 Tuesday

USDA Rural Development Renewable Energy Workshops

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 486 words


To be Held in Rural New Mexico

For the Headlight

ALBUQUERQUE   USDA Rural Development State Director Ryan Gleason announced that
Rural Development will present a series of workshops designed to teach
individuals and businesses located in rural communities how to access financing
for renewable energy projects.

In making the announcement, Gleason said, "Although most people don't realize
it, rural America is playing a vital role in moving our nation away from the
dependence on foreign oil as our primary source of energy." Gleason added, "We
have seen increased production and development of alternative power sources such
as ethanol, biofuels and wind energy in rural communities, farms, and ranches
across the nation."

Currently, the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development offers financing
for eligible renewable energy and energy efficiency projects with both grants
and guaranteed loans through its 9006 program. This program funds grants and
loan guarantees to eligible rural small businesses, farmers, ranchers and other
agricultural producers to assist in purchasing renewable energy systems and
making energy efficiency improvements.

Under the 9006 program, USDA Rural Development will guarantee a loan of up to
$10 million. For renewable energy systems, the minimum grant request is $2,500
and the maximum is $500,000. For energy efficiency improvements, the minimum
grant request is $1,500 and the maximum is $250,000. However, no more than 25%
of an eligible project costs can be in the form of a grant.

Renewable energy systems include biofuels, wind, solar, geothermal and
hydrogen-based projects using commercially proven technology. Energy efficiency
projects include improvements to a facility, building or process that reduce
energy consumption such as upgrading electric motors in equipment, more energy
efficient lighting, insulation, and upgrading electrical or heating systems.

More information on both components of the 9006 program can be found at:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/farmbill .

USDA Rural Development will host workshops in February and March of 2007 in New
Mexico to provide producers and rural businesses with information on what is
available and how to make an application for assistance. Rural areas include any
area other than cities or towns of greater than 50,000 population and the
immediate and adjacent urbanized areas of the cities or towns. Eligible small
businesses include sole proprietorships, partnerships, corporations and
cooperatives that meet the Small Business Administration's (SBA) small business
size standards.

The application process has been simplified, with projects under $200,000
eligible for a streamlined submission process.

Dates and times for the workshops will soon be announced. Interested parties can
request application material or participants can learn more and register for
these workshops by calling Rural Development at (505) 761-4953.

###

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2007 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              452 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                     The Glenville Democrat (West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                November 5, 2015

USD A Provides Funding for Over 1,100 Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency
Projects Nationwide

BYLINE: The Glenville Democrat staff

LENGTH: 785  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is awarding loans
and grants that will help more than 1,100 rural small businesses and
agricultural producers reduce energy usage and costs in their operations. The
funding is for energy efficiency improvements and/or renewable energy systems.
USDA is financing projects in every state, as well as in the Virgin Islands, the
Western Pacific and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico.

"More rural business owners and ag producers are incorporating energy-saving
measures into their business plans," Vilsack said. "These actions improve an
operation's bottom line and help reduce its carbon footprint. This funding will
help incorporate renewable energy and energy efficiency technology and reduce
energy costs. But beyond the local benefits seen by a company saving energy
costs and the global benefits of reducing carbon emissions, this funding will
also create American jobs by supporting energy production and efficiency
installations that are made in rural America."

USDA is providing $102 million in loan guarantees and $71 million in grants for
1,114 projects financed through the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP).
Among the projects, nearly $6 million is being awarded for 17 anaerobic
digesters in California, Maine, Massachusetts, Michigan, New York, North
Carolina, Ohio and Washington. In total, these projects are expected to generate
and/or save 906 million kilowatt hours (KWh) of energy -- enough to power more
than 83,675 homes for a year and cut carbon pollution by an estimated 455,000
metric tons. That is the equivalent of taking more than 131,500 cars off the
road for a year.

The owners of Parker Farms in Ripley, Tenn., are receiving a $45,000 REAP grant
to help finance the installation of a 50 kilowatt solar system that, was
installed late last year. The system has lowered the grain farm's average
monthly electric bill by $800 -- from $1,140 to $340. That is a savings of
nearly $10,000 a year. The solar system covers more than 70 percent of the
farm's annual electric costs. Parker Farms participates in the Tennessee Valley
Authority's (TVA) Green Power Providers program and sells 100 percent of its
solar electricity to TVA at a premium.

Fresh Air Energy XVI, LLC is receiving a $3.8 million loan guarantee to finance
a 6.5 megawatt solar array in Greene County, North Carolina. The project is
expected to produce enough energy to power 1,000 average-sized homes for a year.
This is one of several loans the company is receiving to expand the use of solar
energy in the state.

In Pearl City, Hawaii, the owner of the wholesale bakery "The Patisserie, Inc."
is being awarded a $256,000 loan guarantee and a

$128,000 grant to install a photovoltaic system. It is-expected to generate
172,000 kilowatts of energy annually and reduce energy use by nearly 40 percent.

Congress created the REAP program in the 2002 Farm Bill. Because of the success
of the program, Congress reauthorized it in the 2014 Farm Bill with guaranteed
funding of at least $50 million annually for the duration of the five-year bill.
The 2014 Farm Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the
past seven years while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in
savings for taxpayers.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, REAP has helped finance 10,753
renewable energy and energy efficiency projects that have reduced energy costs
for rural businesses nationwide. During this period, USDA has provided almost
$360 million in grants and $430 million in loan guarantees to agricultural
producers and rural small business owners. When operational, these projects will
generate/save an estimated 8.4 million megawatt hours -- enough to power more
than 760,000 homes for a year and reduce greenhouse gas emissions by almost 5
million metric tons of carbon dioxide. That' s the equivalent of removing more
than 1 million cars from the road.

Funding of each award announced today is contingent upon the recipient meeting
the terms of the loan or grant agreement.

In addition to the grants announced today, USDA is reminding eligible recipients
that the department is accepting applications for future REAP funding. For
application deadlines and details on how to apply, contact a USDA state energy
coordinator, or see page 60349 of the October 6 Federal Register.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way --
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GNV

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2015 The Glenville Democrat


                              453 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Marlborough Express (New Zealand)

                              March 4, 2016 Friday

'Giving away ratepayer guarantees'

BYLINE: ELENA MCPHEE

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 591 words


A Marlborough councillor is furious the council has again been asked to stump up
for Blenheim's new ASB Theatre.

Jessica Bagge said the Marlborough District Council should consider independent
advice before guaranteeing another loan for the $23 million theatre.

It was not prudent to simply rely on financial information provided by the
Marlborough Civic Theatre Trust, Bagge said.

A meeting would be held on Monday for councillors to decide whether to guarantee
an ASB Bank loan of $1.5m.

"They're giving away ratepayer guarantees left and right," Bagge said.

The trust needed the loan to complete the theatre by opening night on March 16.

An agenda prepared for the meeting recommended the council took "long-term
views" and guaranteed the loan.

Bagge said the agenda was "slanted and emotive" in favour of the trust.

"We need neutral experts who can give us apolitical advice," Bagge said.

"I'm tired of this 'trust my mate' routine."

The trust already had a $3.1m loan facility from the ASB Bank, guaranteed by the
council behind closed doors last year.

The council was also guarantor for a $500,000 loan from the Canterbury Community
Trust.

Bagge said Mayor Alistair Sowman told the council last April the build was fixed
at $21.5m.

Council chief executive Mark Wheeler, who prepared the agenda, said the report
for Monday's meeting was factual.

"If they don't get the funding, they will run out of money," he said.

The council could have the financial report reviewed, but it could take weeks
and be very expensive, he said.

Wheeler was convinced the financial information was "robust", he said.
Councillor Jamie Arbuckle said councillors had been asking for financial updates
about the theatre for years, but this was the first time a full report was
available.

The request for a guarantee was a shock, but councillors had no choice but to
vote for it.

It was like a "gun to your head", Arbuckle said.

He said the council's governance of the project needed to be reviewed.

Bagge said she was not convinced the trust was spending money on "must-haves",
such as a $183,000 stage lift before a kitchen. Theatre trust chairman Kevin
Moseley said the stage lift was planned at the start of the project, but it was
unclear if it would go ahead after the Christchurch earthquakes.

The trust made the decision to install the lift because it would have cost up to
$70,000 to fill in the hole, only to open it up again.

Neighbouring organisation Clubs of Marlborough would provide catering until the
kitchen was finished, Moseley said.

Nearly $2m had been raised in fundraising since September.

"We are still raising money, and we haven't stopped," Moseley said.

Total fundraising for the project had reached nearly $8m.

Enough money to complete the theatre had been pledged, but the trust would
receive the money over the next 10 years, Moseley said.

Bagge said there seemed to be no end in sight to expenditure on the theatre.

She applauded the council's decision not to exclude the public from the meeting
on Monday.

Councillor David Oddie said the council was "between a rock and a hard place".

The council did not have all the information to make a decision yet, but he was
confident it would be available on Monday, he said.

Councillors Graeme Barsanti and Jenny Andrews said they supported the theatre.
The Christchurch earthquake was a "game- changer" for the building, which no-one
asked for, Andrews said.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Marlborough councillor Jessica Bagge with the report prepared for the council's
meeting on the ASB Theatre.

Picture: DEREK FLYNN/FAIRFAX NZ

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              454 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Guelph Mercury (Ontario, Canada)

                            September 6, 2013 Friday
                                 First Edition

Indoor soccer dome in money trouble;
Loan default could leave taxpayers on hook for $500,000, report says

BYLINE: Chris Herhalt, Mercury staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 561 words


The not-for-profit group behind a struggling indoor soccer dome that sits unused
five months per year has asked the City of Guelph for a helping hand.

Without changes, the current arrangement between Guelph Community Sports, the
City of Guelph and a bank could leave taxpayers on the hook for $500,000 should
the not-for-profit default on payments on a loan, a recently released city staff
report suggests.

Guelph Community Sports is a non-profit group set up by the soccer club to build
and operate the dome.

The club is the main tenant, but the dome is open to the public and other sports
leagues.

City staff recommends Guelph Community Sports extend the repayment schedule of a
bank loan from to 15 years from 10, and add Guelph Soccer, a separate
not-for-profit entity, as another guarantor.

Guelph Soccer's executive director Christy Rumfeldt said that although Guelph
Soccer will agree to guarantee Guelph Community Sports some revenue by promising
to rent the dome's space for the next 10 years, it will not allow itself to be
made a guarantor on the loan.

"We're not going to be on the hook," Rumfeldt said. "We also have to protect our
membership."

She added that under no circumstance would soccer registration fees increase as
a result of any administrative or financial changes being discussed regarding
the indoor soccer dome. The matter goes before Guelph city council on Monday.

In 2006, a group of local sports clubs led by Guelph Soccer asked the city to
help them build a "multi-use artificial field facility."

The city responded by granting the groups a 25-year lease on a parcel of land at
Centennial Park, with an option to renew for another 25 years, plus $100,000 to
service and grade the parcel of land.

To avoid development charges and property taxes, the city structured "the
arrangement as a municipal capital facility" and co-signed and guaranteed a
$900,000 bank loan to fund the soccer dome's operation.

Guelph Soccer Club is the primary tenant of the facility, and Rumfeldt said it
"oversees day-to-day facility operations."

Because there is no air conditioner installed at the dome, city staff report the
turf has sat unrented during the warmer months. This has "in effect lowered
revenue and cash-flow projections," the staff report stated. Guelph Community
Sports has been able to make payments on the loan thus far, whittling down the
remaining balance to $500,000, with help in the form of an interest-free loan
from Guelph Soccer.

But now, even Guelph Soccer has indicated to the city it can no longer "cover
the annual cash shortfall" between expected and actual revenues at the dome.

Making matters worse, the dome's artificial field turf will require replacing
within the next five years, at a cost of $350,000. And the dome itself will need
replacing within the next 10 years, at a cost of $1.2 million. City staff
reports that both of these "substantial infrastructure life cycle replacements"
are "currently unfunded."

Rumfeldt said Guelph Community Sports and Guelph Soccer Club could pay for at
least the looming artificial turf replacement through fundraising.

"That's something that's tangible. It's something that our membership will
support because they will want to have this."

But Rumfeldt said replacing the dome will require collaboration between the
city, Guelph Soccer, and other sporting organizations.

cherhalt@guelphmercury.com

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              455 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      May 23, 1992, Saturday, City Edition

New loans approved for Key Center

BYLINE: KEN MORITSUGU

SECTION: CITRUS TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 401 words

DATELINE: CRYSTAL RIVER



The Key Training Center has been approved for $ 600,000 in loans through the
Farmers Home Administration to build a thrift shop and employment training
center for its mentally retarded clients.

    The center plans to build an 8,000-square-foot building on 3 acres next to
its retail plant nursery on State Road 44, said Chet Cole, executive director of
Key Training Center.

    The front half of the building will house a thrift shop, similar to the
center's other three thrift shops around the county. The shops raise money for
its programs.

    In the rear, about 30 clients will work on crafts and process goods coming
into the thrift shop for sale. The building also will have a job service office
to help handicapped people find jobs.

    "It's going to enable our folks to have jobs in the community," Cole said at
a news conference Friday at the nursery. He said he hopes to have the new
building open by early next year.

    Farmers Home approved a $ 550,000 loan with a 5.75-percent interest rate for
the project about a month ago. The money comes from a program that helps develop
facilities to provide essential services in rural communities.

    On Friday, Farmers Home presented a letter of commitment to guarantee a $
50,000, 9-percent loan to Key Training Center from SunBank & Trust Co. The money
will be used to purchase equipment for the employment training center.

    The second loan is the first in Florida under a 3-year-old program in which
a private financial institution makes the loan, and Farmers Home commits to
reimburse up to 90 percent of the loan amount if the borrower defaults.

    The federal guarantee helps financial institutions make loans to needy
organizations that otherwise might not get them, said Jim Cherry, state director
for Farmers Home.     "By SunBank coming in and being willing to do this, that
allows us to use that $ 50,000 somewhere else in the state," he said.

    Farmers Home has introduced a similar guaranteed loan program for housing
for moderate-income people. The first home built in Florida under the program,
completed in March, was in Citrus County, too.

    Crystal River Bank made the 9-percent mortgage loan for the $ 48,000 home on
N Conant Avenue, which, coincidentally, is close to the planned site of the new
Key Training Center building.


LOAD-DATE: November 3, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITRUS TIMES

                            Times Publishing Company


                              456 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2009 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                  May 19, 2009

                            UNCLASSIFIED PRODUCTIONS

                        THANET YOUTH & COMMUNITY CENTRE
                                  MALDEN HALL
                             HERBERT STREET, LONDON

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 04048531

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: August 2, 2000

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Emma Harris, Sales Manager
     ·    Jean Fay Stephenson, Legal Secretary
     ·    Mr Matthew Zundel Lewin, Journalist
     ·    Kate Medlin, Chaperone
     ·    Kate Mary Heath, Musician
     ·    Dee Sweeney, Director Of Drug Prevention
     ·    Rachel Christina Bennett, Professional Vocalstutor Dire


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    ISAACNGUGI


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: LL
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Dissolved company

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
92320 - Operation of arts facilities

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: August 31, 2002
FISCAL YEAR END: August 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  August 31, 2007
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Dormant
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  June 14, 2008
ANNUAL RETURN:  August 1, 2007
CREDIT LIMIT:  Z

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/08/200         -         -
                                                   2
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    0         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  0         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 0         -         -
Stocks                                             0         -         -
Debtors                                            0         -         -
Cash                                               0         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         -         -
Other Current Assets                               0         -         -
Total Current Assets                               0         -         -
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        0         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            0         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                       0         -         -



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/08/200         -         -
                                                   2
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          0         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     0         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities              1,000         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              0         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                      1,000         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          0         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      0         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                      1,000         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        0         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                              1,000         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 0         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                  -1000         -         -
Revaluation Reserve                                0         -         -
Shareholder Funds                              -1000         -         -
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                     -1000         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/08/200  -  -
                           2
                         GBP GB GB
                              P  P
Total Sales                0  -  -
Cost of Sales              0  -  -
Gross Profit               0  -  -
Operating Profit           -  -  -
Export                     -  -  -
Nontrading Income          -  -  -
Interest Payable           -  -  -
Pretax Profit              0  -  -
Taxation                   -  -  -
Profit After Tax           -  -  -
Dividends Payable          -  -  -
Retained Profits           -  -  -
Value Added                -  -  -
Capital Employed       -1000  -  -
Net Worth              -1000  -  -
Working Capital        -1000  -  -
Emp. Renumeration          -  -  -
Dir. Renumeration          -  -  -
Audit Fees                 -  -  -
Non-audit Fees             -  -  -
Depreciation               -  -  -
Number of                  -  -  -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 1,028 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2002)
SIC Code:
92320 Operation of arts facilities



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -3.64     4.48    41.62
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -7.14     0.30    17.01
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -5.45     0.46    12.97
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              57.91   151.21   382.60
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       20.14     4.15     0.00
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   0.47     1.00     2.00
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -        -        -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  8,876.16 13,333.3 18,435.7
                                                                   3        1
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  28,145.0 45,380.8 76,243.5
                                                          0        2        1
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  42.72    29.90    17.69



CREDIT RATING
Year  0         Dissolved or dissolution action
=                                       pending
Year -1           Dormant, non-trading or agent
=
Year -2           Dormant, non-trading or agent
=
Year -3           Dormant, non-trading or agent
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                    1/08/200 --
                                                           2
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                       - --
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                                 - --
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                     - --
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                  - --
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                   - --
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                                   - --
Export / Sales (%)                                         - --
Working Capital / Sales (%)                                - --
Sales / Stocks                                             - --
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales ) x           - --
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    0.00 --
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                      0.00 --
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                                 - --
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                          - --
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                             - --
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                         - --
Current Liabilities / Stocks                               - --
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)          - --
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                          - --
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  - --
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                          - --
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                     - --
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   - --
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   - --
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                            - --
Value Added / Sales (%)                                    - --
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    - --
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                        - --
Sales / Audit Fees                                         - --
Total Assets / Audit Fees                                  - --
Creditors / Debtors                                        - --
Total Debt / Working Capital                               - --
Total Debt / Total Assets                                  - --

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP -1000

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
BANKER: LLOYDS TSB

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2013


                              457 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           Manila Times (Philippines)

                           September 15, 2006 Friday

BSP EXEMPTS GOCCS FROM DOSRI LENDING RULES

BYLINE: Likha C. Cuevas

LENGTH: 407 words


THE Monetary Board (MB), the policymaking body of the Bangko Sentral ng
Pilipinas (BSP), has decided to exempt loans and other credit accommodations by
government banks to government-owned and -controlled corporations (GOCCs) from
the ceilings imposed on unsecured loans to directors, officers, stockholders and
their related interests (Dosri).

Specifically, the MB said the loans for relending to other participating
financial institutions or end-users (as part of the national government's
lending program) and loans to rediscounting facilities and guarantee programs
that extends credit to agricultural sector and micro, small and medium
enterprises (MSMEs) are exempted from the ceiling.

At present, the aggregate ceiling of 15 percent of the bank's total loan
portfolio or 100-percent networth, whichever is lower, is imposed to limit total
outstanding loans to all Dosri.

Total unsecured loans to each Dosri, on the other hand, should not exceed 30
percent of their respective total loans, other credit accommodations and/or
guarantees. Total unsecured loans to all Dosri should not exceed 30 percent of
the aggregate Dosri ceiling or the outstanding loans, other credits and/or
guarantees, whichever is lower.

The total secured and secured Dosri loans extended to GOCCs should not exceed
the individual ceiling, which limits the total outstanding loans to each of the
bank's Dosri to their respective unencumbered deposits plus the book value of
their capital contribution to the lending bank.

Because of these limits, state banks like the Development Bank of the
Philippines and the Land Bank of the Philippines are constrained in extending
loans to GOCCs that are tasked to implement infrastructure projects and social
services.

Under the revision, loans extended by government banks to GOCCs to serve the
credit needs of agribusiness, especially in the rural areas, and MSMEs are now
exempted from the 30-percent ceiling on unsecured loans.

However, the unsecured loans would still be counted for complying with the
individual and aggregate ceilings on total loans to Dosri. Unsecured loans would
also be deductible from regulatory capital for the computation of capital
adequacy calculation.

"This is to ensure that national government objectives can be pursued within the
context of financially viable banking institutions without sacrificing
prudential requirements as well as conformity with international best
practices," the BSP said.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economic/Monetary Policy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2006 News Bites Pty Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                               Global News Bites


                              458 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            February 5, 2010 Friday

Boxer, Fiorina tend to their East Bay flocks

BYLINE: By Josh Richman Oakland Tribune

SECTION: POLITICS; My Town; Alameda; News; Local

LENGTH: 555 words


Republican U.S. Senate candidate Carly Fiorina visited Oakland on Friday to talk
about veterans issues, just after incumbent U.S. Sen. Barbara Boxer visited
Fremont to talk about green jobs.

But the word on many lips at both events was "Baaaaaa."

Fiorina released a Web video Wednesday taking GOP primary challenger Tom
Campbell to task as a "FCINO," or a Fiscal Conservative In Name Only. The ad
attacks his record as state finance director under Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger,
and his support of temporary tax hikes rather than draconian cuts alone to close
last year's enormous budget deficit.

But the national buzz over the ad has been less about the video's message and
more about its imagery, including a man in a sheep costume with glowing red
eyes, crawling around in a pasture among real sheep. Campbell and a third GOP
primary candidate, Chuck DeVore, quickly pounced on the bizarre imagery, as did
political pundits far and wide.

"I'm glad people are laughing at the ad. It's a funny ad. But I also think half
a million people have watched the ad," a decidedly unsheepish Fiorina said
Friday. "No one has disputed the facts."

"People can interpret that ad however they like," she added. "I think you'll see
our campaign communicating with voters in hopefully a very memorable,
entertaining and different way."

Meanwhile, Boxer, D-Calif.   whom Fiorina hopes to challenge and unseat in
November's general election   was in Fremont to visit Solyndra Inc., which is
using a $535 million federal loan guarantee it received through last year's
economic-stimulus legislation to build a solar-panel manufacturing plant.

"My opponents are fighting over 'demon sheep' and I am fighting for jobs in
California, and that's what I'm going to continue to do," Boxer said.

Fiorina seemed to please most of the two dozen veterans gathered at the
Warehouse Bar and Grill by saying she opposes closing the Guantánamo Bay, Cuba,
detention facility for terrorism suspects, and opposes trying such people in
civilian courts.

"We don't have to prove to these people that our system of justice works," she
said. "An enemy combatant has not earned the rights of an American citizen."

But she got a wide range of responses to her stance that the "don't ask, don't
tell" policy on gays in the military should be repealed if military leaders say
so. She said it seems a shame that patriots can't serve without lying about who
they are, especially in time of war.

Similarly, the veterans seemed split over her support of President Barack
Obama's decision to lift his predecessor's ban on news photography of slain
troops' coffins as they return to the United States.

Earlier Friday afternoon, Boxer had a private briefing and a manufacturing-floor
tour with Solyndra executives, discussing how the federal loan guarantee is
letting the company build a second manufacturing plant for its thin-film,
tube-shaped solar modules that maximize energy output while minimizing
installation costs. The new plant, just down Kato Road from the existing one and
twice as large, is projected to create 3,000 temporary construction jobs and an
estimated 1,000 long-term production jobs.

"This is our future. This is the platform that's going to launch us into being
the world's economic leader" for years to come, Boxer said.

Read the Political Blotter at www.ibabuzz.com/politics .

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Solyndra CEO Dr. Chris Gronet, right, leads U.S. Senator Barbara Boxer
on a tour of the solar manufacturing plant in Fremont, Calif., on Friday, Feb.
5, 2010. The clean tech company recently received a $535 million federal loan
guarantee from the Department of Energy and is expanding its plant.(Anda
Chu/Staff)
Republican U.S. Senate candidate Carly Fiorina, second from left, greets Marine
Corp veteran Tom Rawson before the start of a roundtable discussion with
veterans and community leaders at the Warehouse Bar and Grill in Oakland,
Calif., on Friday, Feb. 5, 2009. (Ray Chavez/Staff)
U.S. Senator Barbara Boxer shakes hands with employees during a tour of
Solyndra, a solar manufacturing plant in Fremont, Calif., on Friday, Feb. 5,
2010. The clean tech company recently received a $535 million federal loan
guarantee from the Department of Energy and is expanding its plant.(Anda
Chu/Staff)
Republican U.S. Senate candidate Carly Fiorina, left, speaks before veterans and
community leaders during a roundtable discussion at the Warehouse Bar and Grill
in Oakland, Calif., on Friday, Feb. 5, 2009. (Ray Chavez/Staff)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              459 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                              July 26, 2013 Friday

Hudco loan for fishermen's houses

SECTION: THIRUVANANTHAPURAM

LENGTH: 174 words


THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The cabinet on Wednesday accorded sanction to the state
coastal development corporation for sourcing a loan of Rs 150 crore under
government guarantee from the Housing and Urban Development Corporation (Hudco)
to roll out a housing project for fishermen community.

A release from fisheries and port development minister said Hudco had earlier
suggested that it was willing to sanction a loan of Rs 150 crore for the purpose
if the government gave a repayment guarantee.

Official estimates say there are 25,000 fishermen families without proper
housing facilities. The housing project is part of a Rs 3,000-crore project
submitted by the corporation to the government.

Of Rs 350 crore needed for the first phase of the welfare works, Rs 200 crore
will be sourced from the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development
(Nabard) and the rest from Hudco. The housing scheme envisages providing flats
to 11,000 fish workers once the respective local bodies hand over the land to
the corporation.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              460 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Michigan)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           August 18, 2010 Wednesday

Federal loans allow local company to add jobs

BYLINE: Art Bukowski, The Record-Eagle, Traverse City, Mich.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 484 words


Aug. 18--TRAVERSE CITY -- Millions of dollars in U.S. government-backed loans
will allow a Traverse City manufacturer to expand, diversify and add more people
to its payroll.

"For us, it's a very, very important thing to give back to our community, and
how we do that is providing manufacturing jobs," said Dodd Russell, president of
Skilled Manufacturing Inc.

U.S. Department of Agriculture officials on Tuesday announced a total of nearly
$7.8 million in guaranteed loans to SMI. The loans, issued by the Bank of
Northern Michigan and backed by the USDA, will allow the company to restructure
its debt and buy additional equipment. The plant shifted into the aerospace
industry two years ago and produces components for various military and civilian
aircraft.

The company also plans to add 25 more jobs at its facility on Aero Park Drive in
Traverse City, Russell said. It's already hired 50 new workers and also is
sub-contracting work to other area parts suppliers.

U.S. Sen. Carl Levin, who attended Tuesday's announcement, said it's important
for government to support manufacturers across the nation.

"Government must work as a partner with manufacturing," Levin said. "If we're
going to have a strong manufacturing base, it's not just going to come out of
thin air."

State and local governments also are helping out the company. The Michigan
Economic Growth Authority in December approved a state tax credit of $571,210
for Skilled Manufacturing apread over the next seven years.

The city commission last fall approved a 12-year industrial facility tax
abatement worth more than $13,700 per year in local property-tax reduction. The
city also approved a 6-year personal property-tax abatement on new equipment
worth almost $26,700 per year.

USDA officials said the agency is stepping up its activity in Michigan with a
flurry of business and industrial loan guarantees, along with other federal
funding for housing and public infrastructure projects like water and sewer
upgrades. The USDA also has money available for renewable energy projects and
value-added producer grants.

State Director James Turner said in a recent interview the USDA approved $12
million in business loan guarantees in Michigan last year and plans to
distribute around $109 million in 2010. The department has spent more than $1.5
billion in Michigan since the fall of 2008.

"We are open for business," Turner said.

Business editor Bill O'Brien contributed to this report.

To see more of The Record-Eagle or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.record-eagle.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Record-Eagle, Traverse
City, Mich. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100818-ZK-Federal-loans-allow-local-company-to-add-jobs-20100818

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZK


                        Copyright 2010 The Record-Eagle


                              461 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                            December 28, 2007 Friday

News Summary - 12/28

BYLINE: Staff and wire reports

LENGTH: 1425  words


Coca-Cola eyes Honest Tea

Coca-Cola Co. is close to making an investment in Bethesda-based soft drink
maker Honest Tea for an undisclosed amount, according to a published report. The
move, reported by Beverage Digest, would allow Coca-Cola to expand its beverage
selection amid slumping cola sales. Honest Tea makes organic tea drinks, as well
as juices and a line of beverages for children. In its eighth year in business,
Honest Tea posted $13.5 million in annual sales. The company would join Coke's
line of noncarbonated beverages in North America, including Glaceau's Vitamin
Water, Fuze and Campbell's.

Novavax flu trial

Rockville-based Novavax Inc. announced favorable interim results from a Phase
I/IIa human clinical trial of its flu vaccine candidate. In the initial stage of
this study, 70 healthy adults 18 to 40 years of age received two doses of the
H5N1 VLP (non-adjuvanted pandemic influenza virus-like particle) vaccine
candidate or a placebo. The goal was to evaluate safety and immunogenicity, or
the ability to provoke an immune response. The interim results indicate that the
vaccine was well tolerated in all study groups.

Baltimore Main Streets expand

To provide even greater support to the city's smaller commercial districts, the
Baltimore Development Corp. said it plans to expand the Baltimore Main Streets
program in 2008. In preparation for that expansion, the program will host two
application workshops. The first will occur on Jan. 7, from 6:00 to 8:00 p.m. at
the Baltimore Museum of Industry at 1415 Key Highway. The second workshop is
scheduled for Jan. 8, from 1:00 to 3:00 p.m. at Maryland Nonprofits, 190 West
Ostend Street. The Main Street approach is a comprehensive strategy for
commercial district revitalization.

USEC applauds Congress

USEC Inc. commended Congress and the administration for their strong support for
the renaissance of the nuclear power industry through the loan guarantee program
administered by the U.S. Department of Energy, included in the omnibus
appropriations legislation (H.R. 2764) signed Wednesday by President George W.
Bush. The legislation includes loan guarantee authority for up to $38.5 billion
in energy projects, including $18.5 billion of loan guarantees for nuclear power
facilities. USEC, a Bethesda-based global energy company, intends to pursue a
DOE loan guarantee for construction of its American Centrifuge Plant in Piketon,
Ohio.

Women entrepreneurs square off

The deadline for women entrepreneurs to enter Rockville Economic Development
Inc. 's fifth annual Start Right! Women's Business Plan Competition is Jan. 28.
The competition is open to 51 percent women-owned businesses in Maryland,
Washington and Virginia that have been in business for no longer than two years.
This year's first-place winner will receive $10,000 (sponsored by Eagle Bank)
and nine months of a customized virtual office solution (provided by The
Intelligent Office). The second-place winner will receive $5,000 and six months
of a customized virtual office solution. Winners will be selected by a panel of
judges on Feb. 29.

'Art of Healing'

In celebration of the official spring 2008 opening of The Cancer Institute at
St. Joseph Medical Center, cancer patients, survivors and caregivers of all ages
are invited to submit original artworks about their journeys through the cancer
experience for a juried art exhibit entitled, "Journeys Through Cancer: Art of
Healing and Hope. " Entries must be postmarked by Feb. 8. Artwork that is
accepted will be exhibited at The Cancer Institute at St. Joseph Medical Center
and will be open to the public from April 3 to May 11.

UM grants

Bethany Lee, an assistant professor at the University of Maryland School of
Social Work, has been awarded a $25,000 grant from The Woodbourne Center to
evaluate their programs and services. The Woodbourne Center is one of the oldest
child-welfare organizations in the country. John Belcher, a professor at the
University of Maryland School of Social Work, received a two-year grant totaling
$40,702 from the University of Baltimore, given by the Lily Foundation, to
explore how faith communities understand their practical theology in regard to
their work in the world and how it plays out in the stewardship of their
organizations.

Tourism award

The Carl M. Freeman Companies, owners of the Historic Tidewater Inn in Easton,
have received the Maryland Tourism Council 2007 Tourism Impact Award. The Impact
Award is given to recognize a business or individual that has had a major impact
on the tourism industry in Maryland in the past year. The Freeman Companies,
headquartered in Olney, have been recognized for their efforts in restoring the
Historic Tidewater Inn. The inn has been a significant part of the Talbot County
landscape, and investing in its restoration and preserving it to its original
beauty has helped to ensure that Easton and Talbot County remain an integral
part of the Maryland tourism community.

AAMC hospitalist program

Anne Arundel Medical Center, based in Annapolis, has expanded its hospitalist
program to include obstetricians, physicians specializing in the care of women
during pregnancy and childbirth. The AAMC hospitalist program was first
developed in the late 1990s. Hospitalists are employed, hospital-based
physicians who care for patients when hospitalized and also serve as consultants
to the emergency department. These physicians work in cooperation with a
patient's primary care physician and may provide patient care in emergency
situations when the private physician is not immediately available. Hospitalists
can admit patients into the hospital, consult on patients in need of surgery or
other acute care, and answer medical questions from family members.

Goldseker boosts EBDI

The Goldseker Foundation has awarded East Baltimore Development Inc. a one-year
$200,000 grant for core operating support. EBDI has recently celebrated its
fifth anniversary and is well under way in its redevelopment of 88 acres in East
Baltimore. The relocation of residents in Phase I to allow for the demolition
and rebuilding of the community took three years and required unprecedented
cooperation between federal, state and city governments; significant support
from private foundations and investment from the private sector; and ongoing
engagement with the local community. East Baltimore Development Inc. is a
private nonprofit organization that is helping transform historic East Baltimore
into a mixed-income community.

Inmate stabbed at Jessup prison

JESSUP &mdash; A Division of Correction spokeswoman says an inmate has been
stabbed at the Jessup Correctional Institution. It happened around 5:40 p.m. in
a common area at the facility in Anne Arundel County. Division spokeswoman
Danielle Wilmsen says the 55-year-old man was stabbed in the torso and was
conscious when he was taken to Shock Trauma with injuries that were not thought
to be life-threatening. She says he is listed in stable condition. Wilmsen says
the circumstances surrounding the stabbing, including how it happened and who
was involved, are under investigation. She says the inmate who was stabbed is
serving a life sentence for murder that began in 1983.

Released rape suspect found in La.

BALTIMORE &mdash; A rape suspect mistakenly released in Anne Arundel County has
been arrested in Louisiana. Anne Arundel County police say the St. Charles
Parish Sheriff's Department arrested Ronald Moore on Christmas Eve. He will be
returned to Maryland. Moore was linked to a 1999 rape in Glen Burnie using DNA
samples while he was in prison on a burglary conviction. But state correction
officials released him in November because the state overlooked a county judge's
order to hold him. In the 1999 case, police say Moore entered a woman's Glen
Burnie home, raped her and shocked her with a cattle prod. The victim's
two-year-old child was inside at the time.

Poser seeks credit card numbers

BALTIMORE &mdash; Several Carroll County businesses have been contacted in the
past few days by a man claiming to be a sheriff's deputy in need of credit card
account information for some customers. The county sheriff's office says the
calls were made to Pizza Hut restaurants in South Carroll and Finksburg.
Officials say the employees did not supply the customer information. The
sheriff's office says a caller posing as a Westminster police officer tried the
same scam at a Westminster restaurant, but the employees also refused to give
out the information. Similar calls were made in August to at least four
businesses in Aberdeen.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              462 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                              July 10, 2011 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

Biz Voices;
Business balloon loans due

BYLINE: Jerry Chautin; For the AJC

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 784 words



HIGHLIGHT: SBA helps community bank customers. Refinancing program provides
safety net for qualified owners.


"There are $171.4 billion in nonresidential commercial bank loans maturing in
2011," said Eric Gerard, spokesman for Trepp LLC, a research company that is
keeping track of nationwide commercial real estate loans on a potential
collision course to massive foreclosures. He says in 2012 "that number will jump
to $179.6 billion."

The problem started because banks made three- to five-year, highly leveraged
loans during the real estate boom, anticipating that the borrowers could easily
refinance as values continued to increase. Unfortunately, the Great Recession,
together with the Great Real Estate Meltdown, drastically changed the
arithmetic. More specifically, real estate values have plummeted, borrowers'
credit ratings declined and loan-to-value percentages required by bankers have
dropped from 80 percent before the meltdown to 70 percent and lower in today's
lending environment.

Providing a safety net for qualified small-business owners, the U.S. Small
Business Administration implemented a temporary initiative to refinance
ballooning mortgages coming due during 2011 and 2012, or until its
loan-guarantee allocation is used up.

"The SBA 504 refinance program can help community bank clients by providing
access to fixed-rate, long-term financing when a borrower's current lender is
unable to extend similar terms conventionally," Charles Yorke, president of
Atlanta's Cornerstone Bank, said in an email. "The 504 program provides up to 90
percent LTV and can help borrowers get their high-leverage loans refinanced on
reasonable terms."

Reasonable terms means up to 20 years with a 5.58 percent, effective
fixed-interest rate for July. Ten-year loans are 4.49 percent.

Unlike the basic 504 program, this temporary refinancing initiative does not
have a job-creation requirement. But business owners are required to meet SBA's
definition of "small." Examples of maximum size are revenues of $10 million for
limited-service restaurants, $30 million for hotels and 500 employees for
manufacturers. Size limits are listed by industry at tinyurl.com/3r4adow.

Additionally, multi-tenant investment properties do not qualify unless the
borrower occupies at least 50 percent of the building. "This program is designed
primarily for borrowers who used the original loan to finance owner-occupied
real estate," says Neil Stevens, executive vice president of Johns Creek-based
KeyWorth Bank. Businesses such as skating rinks, nursing homes and self-storage
facilities may qualify if the borrower runs them instead of leasing them to an
operator.

Stevens notes that the refinancing initiative can help his borrowers that have
balloon mortgages coming due. He says lenders could "better serve its clients by
providing them with loans that otherwise may not qualify due to loan value
limits."

The program requires the borrowers to have an excellent payment history on their
existing loan. Furthermore, their cash flow must be sufficient to make payments
on the proposed debt service. Projected cash flow based upon an improving
economy might be accepted.

The 504 loans have two parts. Typically, a lender makes a 50 percent first
mortgage and SBA guarantees a subordinated debenture for 40 percent similar to
making a second mortgage. The combination of the two is limited to 90 percent of
value or 100 percent of the ballooning mortgage balance being refinanced,
whichever is less. The total funding is limited to approximately $10 million. It
can go higher if the lender is willing to risk more than 50 percent of value on
its participation. Manufacturing facilities are eligible for larger loans
because SBA's maximum debenture can be increased from $5 million to $5.5
million.

SBA-licensed certified development companies coordinate the process with the
borrower, first mortgage lender and SBA. "CDCs work closely with SBA and private
sector lenders to provide financing to small businesses through the 504 Loan
Program," writes Charles Green in his "The SBA Loan Book." The Atlanta resident,
author and former bank president adds, "There are about 270 CDCs nationwide, and
each are generally restricted to specific geographic areas." He answers
questions at charlesgreenco.com.

The Georgia District SBA ranks statewide CDCs in its May newsletter. Go to
tinyurl.com /3u7z6po and scroll down to "504 Loan Program --- Georgia CDC
Rankings." The SBA posted a "Fact Sheet" about 504 refinancing at tinyurl.com
/4jqwc8f.

Contact your banker or the closest CDC to start the process.

Jerry Chautin's 30-year corporate and entrepreneurial career was in business
lending, commercial real estate lending and mortgage banking. He is a volunteer
business mentor with Atlanta SCORE. Email atlanta.score.org or call
404-331-0121.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2011 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              463 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                            December 19, 2008 Friday

SBP Governor launches key microfinance sector development initiatives

LENGTH: 1166 words


KARACHI: Governor State Bank of Pakistan, Dr. Shamshad Akhtar here on Friday
launched important initiatives for the growth and development of microfinance
sector.  The event was attended by all stakeholders including donors,
Presidents/CEOs of Commercial/Microfinance Banks, and representatives of the
Pakistan Microfinance Network and Pakistan Bankers Association.  These measures
are expected to ease liquidity constraints of microfinance providers in view of
the tighter liquidity conditions and sudden spike in inflation which has
severely affected the poor and marginalized segments of the society.  SBP has
launched three facilities to support the microfinance sector: (i) The
Microfinance Credit Guarantee Facility. (ii) The Institutional Strengthening
Fund. (iii) The Improving Access to Finance Services Fund.

Dr Akhtar said these initiatives are part of the GBP 50 million Financial
Inclusion Program (FIP) supported by the UK Department for International
Development (DFID) and an endowment fund worth dollars 20 million under the
ADB's Improving Access to Financial Services Program.

The Microfinance Credit Guarantee Facility is expected to increase the flow of
credit to microfinance sector.  The facility aims to incentivize banks/DFIs to
channelize funds to MFBs/MFIs for on lending to low income segment of the
population.  The facility will provide credit guarantees of up to 40 percent of
the funding provided by Banks/DFIs and aims to develop market and graduate poor
borrowers to mainstream financial service providers.

Banks/DFIs will lend to MFBs at the SBP policy discount rate plus 200 bps. The
funds channelized under facility to MFBs /MFIs shall be deductable from Demand
and Time Liabilities of the banks/DFIs for the purpose of SLR and CRR
calculation.  The facility will be established at State Bank of Pakistan (SBP)
with the help of the UK Government Financial Inclusion Program grant funds
equivalent of up to GBP 10 million to be used as the guarantee fund.

She said the State Bank has issued necessary guidelines for operationalizing the
facility which were finalized after due consultation with stakeholders.

The MCG facility is expected to help raise local currency funds for eligible
MFIs/MFBs. The loans portfolio under the guarantee scheme will be administered
by banks. The facility will also help building links between micro borrowers and
formal financial institutions.

The familiarization of the bank with the client should eventually lead to the
"graduation" of the borrower.  The facility shall provide partial Guarantees to
minimize the perceived risk premium by covering part of the losses incurred on
funds made available to MFBs/MFIs with the advantage of leveraging the guarantee
fund a number of times while keeping the incentive for banks/DFIs to collect the
loan.  The lending of MCG facility will help these institutions to play their
role in the growth of micro credit more effectively, SBP Governor said.

SBP Governor , Dr Shamshad Akhtar said the Institutional Strengthening Fund is
designed to build capacity of the microfinance sector.

The fund is expected to enhance potential for growth and create depth in
outreach by improving human resource quality, service delivery and increasing
service availability to potential microfinance clients.

It was established at the State Bank under the UK Government's Financial
Inclusion Program that involved funds equivalent to Pound Sterling 10 million
for institutional strengthening.

The fund will provide grants for capacity building to generate on-lending
resources through commercial sources, equity investments or deposit mobilization
strategy through improvement in management, governance, internal controls and
functions.  She said the fund will also provide grants for employing cost
reduction mechanisms for increasing outreach in rural and remote areas through
product innovation, development or use of technology. In addition, the fund will
provide grants for business development services to MFI clients or improving
quality of services; and developing capacity for transformation of MFIs into
licensed microfinance banks.  SBP has developed detailed guidelines, selection
criteria and application format for ISF. The fund will primarily focus on
institutions that are already regulated, or are in the process of seeking a
license or have solid plans for restructuring in the near future, Dr Akhtar
said.

SBP's regulatory oversight will ensure transparency and good governance
practices, which will ultimately lead to greater investment in the microfinance
industry. Moreover, ISF is capped at dollars one million per year per grantee
and subject to at least 25% matching grant from the grantee.  Grants may be made
on an annual basis and institutions that qualify for funding in a year may also
qualify for funding in another year subject to good performance and submission
of another successful proposal through the approved application procedure.  The
SBP Chief said the Improving Access to Financial Services is also designed to
enhance capacity of the microfinance sector and promote financial literacy.  The
fund has been established at the State Bank with help of an endowment of dollars
20 million under the ADB-supported Improving Access to Financial Services
Program (IAFSP).

The fund will provide benefits for and have positive impacts on rural and urban
communities, in particular the poor and the women.

These benefits are quantitative and qualitative in nature and include (i)
capacity building and training of financial services providers to promote
expansion into rural areas; product and service innovation, including savings,
remittances and Islamic financial services; adoption and integration of new
technologies and applications for improving access to financial services; (ii)
capacity building and training of Government and regulatory authorities to
support development of an inclusive financial sector and implementation of
measures under the Program; and (iii) literacy programs (financial and basic)
conducted by or on behalf of financial services providers for clients and
potential clients to improve access to financial services and the utilization of
finance.

The Governor mentioned that in Pakistan there are about more than 30 million
people living below the poverty line. Despite the consensus that microfinance is
an effective tool to alleviate poverty, the gap between demand for and supply of
financial services for the poor and marginalized segments of population is very
wide.  The current microfinance outreach of 1.8 million customers is limited to
only around 5% of the potential market. The SBP and the Government of Pakistan
are committed to increasing the number of microfinance borrowers to 3 million by
the end of 2010 and 10 million by 2015 as documented in the national
Microfinance Strategy adopted in 2007.  In order to achieve the outreach target
the microfinance industry would need substantial additional funding, said Dr.
Akhtar.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                      Copyright 2008 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              464 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                    November 18, 1995 Saturday Final Edition

Taxpayers bail out science fair: Prestigious student fair can't repay $150,000
loan guaranteed by region

SOURCE: THE SPECTATOR

BYLINE: By Ken Peters

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B1 / FRONT

LENGTH: 430 words


The International Science and Engineering Fair at Copps Coliseum in May cost
regional taxpayers $300,000.

That's twice as much as regional council hoped the tab would be.

The region gave a $150,000 grant to the prestigious science fair, which
attracted 6,500 high school students from around the world. The region also
guaranteed a $150,000 line of credit, to be repaid from any revenues over the
fair's $1 million budget.

But there won't be any payback.

"The International Science and Engineering Fair 1995 did not achieve projected
revenues of $1 million, as the donations from corporations and foundations were
lower than projected," a regional staff report revealed this week.

Regional politicians learned the fair raised $956,000, reporting a $34,000 loss.

"November has not been a good month," said Ancaster Councillor Ann Sloat,
chairman of the region's finance committee.

Earlier this month, regional council learned the Hamilton Philharmonic
Orchestra's Sweet Dreams Lottery, which it had guaranteed, ended up with a
$57,000 loss. That forced the region to ante up another $277,000 line of credit
to keep the debt-ridden orchestra, which has a $1.2 million accumulated deficit,
in business until the end of the year.

There was more bad news this week when Hamilton East Community Services pulled
the plug on the Lakeland Pool. That left regional taxpayers soaked for $78,000
in back realty taxes.

"I think we are taking too many risks. I consider it my money because I pay
taxes and I want to be careful with it," Mrs. Sloat said.

She said finance staff are preparing a policy that would see regional council
only provide financial guarantees when some form of collateral is provided.

"I want security for future loans," Mrs. Sloat said.

Burned, but far from broke, finance committee members offered yet another
financial guarantee this week, a $290,000 loan guarantee to the Armenian
Community Centre.

Hamilton Councillor Tom Jackson said the latest guarantee is similar to the
$100,000 provided the Japanese Cultural Centre over a year ago.

He said the full amount, with interest, is expected to be repaid by next fall.

Even Mrs. Sloat said she has some confidence with the assistance for the
Armenian Culural Centre.

She said if the centre defaults on the loan, which would be used to renovate the
Barton Street East centre, the region would take possession of the facility,
which would be worth $540,000.

That recommendation will be considered by regional council on Tuesday night.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              465 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                             July 29, 2010 Thursday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

Panel urges $4.4M for Chinese automaker coming to L.A.

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 402 words


A city panel recommended Wednesday awarding $2 million in federal grants and
authorizing $2.4 million in loan guarantees to a Chinese automaker that is
locating its U.S. headquarters in Los Angeles.

Under the proposal recommended by the City Council's Housing, Community and
Economic Development Committee, BYD Corp. would receive $2 million in grants to
refurbish a 30,000-square-foot facility at 1800 S. Figueroa St., where it would
become part of Auto Row.

In addition, the Community Redevelopment Agency would provide lease guarantees
of $2.4 million over the next 10 years to the owners of the property if BYD
fails to remain in the building.

The incentives package still must be approved by the full City Council.

During Tuesday's debate, City Councilman Tony Cardenas complained that BYD
received preferential treatment from CRA executives because of the involvement
of the Mayor's Office in luring the Chinese manufacturing giant to Los Angeles.

But Calvin Hollis, chief operating officer of the CRA's real estate economic
development office, said he helped marshal through the BYD deal because of its
potential to help transform the region's economy.

"This is a strategic opportunity for the city to attract a major corporation,"
Hollis said. "This is a growth company that is starting small, but we have a
chance of attracting the next level of financing."

Cardenas said he has lost a number of business opportunities in his district
because entrepreneurs had to deal with CRA staffers who lacked the authority to
make critical decisions.

"When I tell people we'll bring the CRA in, they roll their eyes and say
'Thanks, but no thanks,"' Cardenas said. "My point is, they (CRA officials) pay
attention when the mayor calls."

However, Councilman Herb Wesson disputed Cardenas's account, saying he had no
difficulties with the agency and brought Hollis in to serve as "the closer" on a
number of projects.

BYD's announcement that it would locate its headquarters in Los Angeles was the
culmination of an 18-month effort by Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa and other top
city officials.

The manufacturer of electric cars, solar panels, batteries and other electronics
is expected to open its office in January, employing up to 150 people in its
first year. BYD plans to manufacture electric vehicles beginning in June 2013
but has not yet announced where it will build the assembly plant.

rick.orlov@dailynews.com

213-978-0390

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              466 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Long Island Business News (Long Island, NY)

                               February 27, 2009

N.Y. 's Sen. Schumer: Stimulus helps small biz

BYLINE: David Reich-Hale

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 559  words


Sen. Charles Schumer on Friday said the $787 billion stimulus signed earlier
this month by President Barack Obama includes $730 million in new funding for
small business assistance programs.

New York's senior senator said the money would go a long way toward helping
struggling Long Island firms survive the economic crisis.

Here is a breakdown, direct from Schumer's Long Island office:

Temporary SBA Fee Relief: As a result of the financial crisis and the recession,
small business lending in the SBA's flagship loan programs - 7(a) and 504
programs - is in a freefall.   The bill allocates $375 million to allow for
temporary waivers or reductions in the fees the SBA charges to lenders and
borrowers in the 7(a) and 504 loan programs.   When determining the amount and
structure of the waivers/reductions, the bill requires the SBA to give borrowers
and smaller banks priority in receiving fee relief.

Temporary Increase in SBA Guarantee Levels: The bill allows the SBA to - on a
case by case basis - temporarily raise the guarantee level (up to 90%) for 7(a)
loans, other than loans made through the SBA Express program.   Currently, the
maximum guarantee levels are 75 percent for loans over $150,000, and 85 percent
for loans of $150,000 or less.   The increased guarantee will provide a higher
level of protection for risk-weary small business lenders who have tightened
their lending standards considerably in the wake of the credit crunch.

Business Stabilization Program: The bill will also help banks provide relatively
small, short-term loans to small business borrowers experiencing immediate
financial hardship. Specifically, the new program will temporarily allow the SBA
to (i) fully guarantee "stabilization" loans that cannot exceed $35,000, and
(ii) fully subsidize a small business borrower's interest payments on the
stabilization loan.   A borrower does not have to begin repaying the
stabilization loan until 12 months after receiving it, and the loan must be paid
in full within 5 years.

Microloans: The bill appropriates $30 million for the SBA's microloan program,
with $24 million dedicated to microloan technical assistance, and $6 million for
new microloans.   By way of background, the microloan program provides very
small loans to qualifying micro-businesses (typically businesses with fewer than
10 employees) by making funds available to non-profit, community-based lenders.

504 Program Improvements: With credit standards tightening, many credit-worthy
small businesses have been denied new or additional loans for facility upgrades.
The bill would allow a small business to refinance its existing loan through a
504 loan if at least 50 percent of the proceeds from the new 504 loan will be
spent on qualifying expansion projects. In addition, the bill expands the
universe of expansion projects that would qualify for a 504 loan.   Current law
requires the creation of one job for every $65,000 loaned; the bill reduces that
amount to $50,000.

Oversight and Implementation of Stimulus Measures: The bill allocates $25
million for the additional resources that the SBA will need to properly
implement the stimulus measures. The bill appropriates $10 million specifically
for the SBA Inspector General's oversight of SBA stimulus funds. The bill also
requires a GAO report on the SBA's progress in implementing the stimulus
measures.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              467 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      June 21, 1982, Monday, Final Edition

SECTION: Business & Finance; International Lending; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 969 words


Bank May Use Variable Rates

World Bank officials said last week that they will borrow about $1.5 billion in
the U.S. market in the year starting July 1 through a new type of variable-rate
debt issue, if member countries of the international agency give their approval
soon.

World Bank deputy treasurer Hans Hittmair said that if the World Bank goes to a
variable-rate borrowing operation, the agency also will adopt major changes in
its lending operations. New authorized credits to developing countries also
would be approved on a variable-rate basis, with the interest rates on such
loans to be adjusted every six months to reflect trends in interest rates
generally.

The major changes in World Bank borrowing and lending operations require the
approval of member governments. The bank's board of executive directors
representing both industrial nations and developing countries is expected to
decide next month whether to authorize the changes.

Recent agreements by international lending and financial institutions:

Export-Import Bank

* The bank will extend a direct credit of about $8.4 million to support the
export sale of U.S. goods and services for a can-making facility on the island
of Luzon in the Philippines. U.S. sales for the project total $19.7 million. The
project consists of the design, engineering, construction, installation and
start-up of a new two-piece can manufacturing plant. American Can Co. will
coordinate the purchases and provide equipment and services from its plants in
Hanover, Pa., Niagara Falls, N.Y., and Waukegan, Ill. The purchaser will make a
$2.9 million cash payment and will obtain private financing of $8.4 million,
without the guarantee of the Export-Import Bank.

* The Eximbank will assist Galadari Hotels (Lanka) Ltd. in the construction of a
500-room hotel in Colombo, Sri Lanka. Bechtel International of San Francisco
will serve as project manager; William Tabler, a New York architectural firm,
will provide technical services, and Graham-Solano of Boston will provide
interior decorating services. Other U.S. firms will supply mechanical and
electrical equipment, hotel furnishings and other services. The bank will lend
$6.9 million at 10.75 percent interest per year and $4.3 million at 12 percent
interest. The borrower will make a $2.6 million cash payment and will obtain
$3.5 million in funds from private sources, without Eximbank's guarantee.

* General Electric and General Motors will supply $42.8 million in diesel
electric locomotives, components and spare parts for the Mexican railway
Ferrocarriles Nacionales de Mexico. The Export-Import Bank will lend $18.2
million at an annual interest rate of 12 percent to NAFINSA, Mexico's principal
development company, which will borrow an equal amount from a private source,
without the bank's guarantee. NAFINSA will also make a $6.4 million cash
payment.

* The bank has authorized a $30 million credit to Companhia Vale do Rio Doce, a
Brazilian government-owned conglomerate and one of the world's largest producers
of iron ore. The credit will support an export value of $70.6 million,
consisting of major components for 70 locomotives, mining equipment and related
items. The equipment will be used in a $5 billion iron ore project. The borrower
will pay 12 percent interest per year on the bank loan, will make a $10.6
million cash payment and will obtain a $30 million private loan, without the
bank's guarantee.

* Helikopter Service A/S of Oslo, Norway, a privately owned corporation serving
Norway and North Sea offshore transportation, is purchasing two Boeing Vertol
model 234 Chinook helicopters and related goods and services. The aircraft will
cost $41.4 million and will be delivered in March 1983. Boeing facilities in
Pennsylvania, Washington and Connecticut are expected to receive about 300,000
hours of direct employment, and additional employment should be generated in
sub-supplier plants. The helicopters will be financed with an Export-Import Bank
loan of $31.1 million, a $6.2 million cash payment and a loan of $4.1 million
from a private source, without the bank's guarantee.

World Bank

* The bank and its affiliate, the International Development Association,
approved $186.6 million in loans last week to the Phillipines, Colombia,
Pakistan, the Central African Republic and Yemen. Most of the credits will be
for agriculture-related ventures. The Phillipines will receive a $71.1 million
World Bank loan for irrigation projects to help small-scale farm operators
increase food crops. The other loans were $53 million to Colombia for public
water supplies, schools, electric power lines and other facilities to serve both
rural and urban communities; $38.5 million to Pakistan to increase fertilizer
production by about 178,000 tons a year following the modernization and
expansion of existing facilities; $18 million to the Central African Republic
from the IDA for highways and repair of gravel roads, and $6 million to Yemen
from the IDA for agriculture research projects. The bank loans are at 11.6
percent annual interest, plus loan service charges. The IDA credits are
interest-free, except for small administrative fees.

Inter-American Development Bank

* The bank has made a public offering of 100 million Dutch guilders of its
10-year bonds in the Netherlands. The bonds carry an annual interest rate of 10
3/4 percent and are priced at 99 percent. The issue, equivalent to about $38.5
million, is the fifth public bond issue placed by the bank for its capital
resources in the Netherlands market. The offering is being underwritten by a
syndicate led by the Algemene Bank Nederland, N.V., and will be dated July 5,
1982. The loan will be redeemed at par in five approximately equal annual
installments on July 15 of the years 1988 to 1992.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1982 The Washington Post


                              468 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                                January 25, 2017

                        Tohono O'odham Utility Authority

                                  P.O. Box 816
                                  Sells 85634
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


USDA Invests More Than $200 Million in Electric Infrastructure Improvements in
Five States

   May 20, 2016

   Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack celebrated the 80th anniversary of the
Rural Electrification Act (REA) and announced funding to build and upgrade rural
electric infrastructure in five states."Eighty years ago today, President
Roosevelt signed the law which charged USDA to provide electric power to rural
America," Vilsack said. "Today's investments continue a part of USDA's mission
that has brought reliable, safe and affordable electric power to America's
farms, ranches and rural communities, improved the quality of life for rural
residents, increased farm productivity and made America the breadbasket to the
world. Continuing to invest in rural electric infrastructure will help keep our
economy strong."USDA is providing $202 million in loans for six projects in
Arizona, Georgia, Kansas, Kentucky and North Carolina. The funding is
administered through the Electric Program of USDA's Rural Utilities Service, the
successor to the REA. The Electric Program makes loans and loan guarantees to
non-profit and cooperative associations, public bodies and other utilities. The
loans finance the construction of electric distribution and generation
facilities in rural areas. Today's investments demonstrate USDA's commitment to
mitigating climate change and promoting a clean-energy economy. This month, the
Department is examining what a changing climate means to agriculture and how
USDA is working to reduce greenhouse gases. East Kentucky Power Cooperative,
Inc. has been selected to receive a $131.8 million USDA loan to acquire the
Bluegrass Generating Facility, a natural gas-fired power plant. North Carolina's
O2 EMC Portfolio 1, LLC is receiving a $4.5 million loan to construct a 3
megawatt solar farm. In Arizona, the Tohono O'Odham Utility Authority will
improve 80 miles of line with a loan of nearly $8 million. The utility will use
$775,000 of the loan to invest in smart grid technologies. Smart grid increases
the reliability of electric power by helping utilities better manage power
distribution and improve operational efficiencies. It includes metering,
substation automation, computer applications, two-way communications, geospatial
information systems and other improvements. Georgia's Slash Pine Electric
Membership Corporation will use a $9 million loan to improve 248 miles of line
and make other system improvements, including $1 million for smart grid. The
Kansas Electric Power Cooperative, Inc. is receiving a $43.1 million loan to
make system improvements to the water reactor at the Wolf Creek Generating
Station and a $5.2 million loan to fund improvements to the facility's
below-ground water piping.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2017


                              469 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Ruidoso News (New Mexico)

                            August 13, 2015 Thursday

Major broadband coming to Mescalero

BYLINE: By Dianne Stallings dstallings@ruidosonews.com @RuidosoNews on Twitter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 895 words


Persistence and a good plan moved Mescalero Apache Telephone Inc. to the front
of the line for financing by the U.S, Department of Agriculture of a
multimillion dollar broadband communication system.

Officials from the Rural Development Division of the USDA were in the area
Thursday to present a certificate of obligation to officials of MATI and the
Mescalero Tribal Council, representing the $5.397,000 obligation by the Rural
Development's Rural Utilities Service's Telecommunications Loan Program and the
Substantially Underserved Trust Land Program.

The project on the reservation that abuts Ruidoso is the first in the nation to
be obligated, which allows MATI officials to take advantage of low interest
dollars. With the loan, MATI can upgrade specific portions of its copper cable
facilities with fiber, primarily aimed at the homes of 1,178 telephone customers
and 500 data customers currently served by the company, which is a wholly-owned
corporation of the tribe that operates one exchange serving the reservation. The
proposed improvements, which could take up to two years to construct and
install, primarily will be located in the more densely populated areas of
Mescalero, including the Geronimo, Pena, Goat Summit and Carrizo housing cores.

"Broadband access is important to our rural communities," Brandon McBride, RUS
administrator, said Wednesday during an interview in Ruidoso. "It's important in
terms of having new educational opportunities. It can improve rural health care
and it also is important for local businesses to being able to compete in the
global market place. It will allow Mescalero to provide fiber to the homes of
many of its customers and that will improve broadband services for them."

For those receiving the fiber facilities at home, children with schoolwork will
be able to go on-line and do homework, he said.

"In some cases, distance learning opportunities are available once we improve
broadband access," McBride said. "A lot of times, local schools can connect with
colleges and universities outside of the area to provide those kinds of
programs."

Electronic health records can be accessed and physicians practicing in rural
hospital can consult with doctors in larger hospitals in urban areas, he
said.The processGodfrey Enjady, who heads MATI, applied for the loan through the
USDA's traditional telecommunication infrastructure loan program, McBride
said."We were able to use our authorities through SUTA, and their loan came
through, and we were able to process that," he said. "It is a good project and a
good proposal."

Terry Brunner, USDA Rural Development State Director, said, "From the New Mexico
side, they were really persistent. They had the idea early and worked a lot with
USDA over the last few years to put the project at the front of the line. It is
a really nice commentary on the quality of work being done by the Mescalero that
they are the first in the gate for this program."

The program is subject to annual review and funding by Congress, McBride said.

Statements of support for the Mescalero project were issued by U.S. Sens. Martin
Heinrich and Tom Udall, Democrats from New Mexico and U.S. Rep. Steve Pearce, a
Republican who represents the Second Congressional District, sent a
representative to the ceremony Thursday. They noted that SUTA is a provision in
the 2008 Farm Bill, which amended the Rural Electrification Act of 1936. The
provision gave the Rural Utilities Service new tools to finance improvements in
electric, telecommunications and water and sewer infrastructure in underserved
tribal communities.USDA's area investment

Over the past six years, the USDA has invested $8.2 million in Lincoln County
housing, Brunner said.

"Out of $8.2 million, there were some direct loans, three to potential home
owners at 3.3 percent interest and about 12 home repairs for homeowners in at
the low income level, who can come in and apply," he said. "We also have done 50
or so loan guarantees, where a lender makes the loan and we back it up with
government guarantees. It's popular, because it is for moderate to low income."

The housing figure jumps to about $40 million, if Otero County is thrown into
the mix, he said.

"We've been trying to shed some light on that so people understand the impact
Rural Development has had on the area," Brunner said. "We financed a lot of
sewer lines to homes along the highway in Mescalero (about $4 million for the
system).

"Proper sewage treatment is really important, especially in New Mexico where we
have so many people on domestic wells. If you have good sewer treatment, you can
get them off septic systems and prevent leakage into ground water resources. You
not only provide a crucial service, but protect groundwater and keep it safe
from contamination."

Brunner said he planned to tour McBride through the regional Wastewater
treatment plant constructed by the village of Ruidoso and city of Ruidoso Downs
to serve the area. The USDA financed $8.7 million of the $32 million cost of
that plant.

"It's all necessary, if you are going to have economic development," McBride
said. "You have to have safe drinking water, affordable housing and
increasingly, we're seeing that broadband access is key to attracting economic
development. As Lincoln County continues to grow and develop, it's important we
have that nice infrastructure in place for the community."

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Examining a piece of fiber optics at the kick-off ceremony in Mescalero
are from left, MATI General Manager Godfrey Enjady, network service manager
David Westmacott, Gloria Salas representing Congressman Steve Pearce, USDA Rural
Development State Director Terry Brunner, Mescalero President Danny Breuninger,
USDA Rural Utilities Service Administrator Brandon McBride and Mescalero Chief
of Staff Duane Duffy.
Terry Brunner, USDA Rural Development State Director. standing, and USDA Rural
Utilities Service Administrator Brandon McBride from Washington D.C., were in
Ruidoso Wednesday in preparation for an official kickoff to a 5.3 million
broadband communication enhancement project on the Mescalero Apache Reservation
that abuts the village.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 Ruidoso News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              470 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                            April 25, 2009 Saturday

Quebec to loan Alcoa $50 million to save jobs; Labour Unionized employees also
agree to reduce hours by 15 per cent

BYLINE: Ross Marowits THE CANADIAN PRESS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C5

LENGTH: 601  words


The Quebec government has joined workers, suppliers and the city of Baie Comeau
in helping American aluminum producer Alcoa (NYSE:AA) to withstand the economic
slowdown by agreeing to a $50-million loan to preserve jobs.

The five-year, low-interest loan comes more than a year after the province
provided $228 million in loan guarantees toward Alcoa's US$1.2-billion
modernization project.

The aluminum business has taken a big hit since Alcoa committed to one of the
largest private investments in Quebec in years.

Aluminum prices have plunged as demand, particularly in the automobile and
construction sectors, has plunged amid the global economic slowdown.

Quebec Finance and Economic Development Minister Raymond Bachand applauded Alcoa
for preserving its plans for Quebec and said the provincial government loan will
help the company to withstand the economic slowdown.

"It ensures the prosperity of Alcoa's different plants and gives it the means to
overcome the storm with strength and courage," he stated Friday.

The government hasn't attached any additional conditions to the loan beyond
minimum employment levels required as part of the March 2008 loan guarantee.

Alcoa spokesman Pierre Despres said the Pittsburgh-based mining giant may have
been forced to take "extreme measures" such as the closure of a series of giant
aluminum potlines at the North Shore smelter if the government hadn't provided
help.

"We want to protect the level of employment. That's in our mind key for the
future of the plant to keep our employees working," he said in an interview.

The government assistance comes a couple of weeks after unionized employees at
Baie Comeau and two other facilities agreed to reduce weekly work hours by up to
15 per cent.

Local union president Denis Berube thanked workers for accepting changes that
will help all employees at the plant along with everyone in the region.

The city, 400 kilometres northeast of Quebec City, also agreed to reduce
municipal taxes and suppliers trimmed their costs by up to 15 per cent.

"It's a collective effort of all the stakeholders in the plant," Despres said.

The Baie Comeau smelter uses an inefficient Soderberg technology.

Preliminary work has begun to upgrade the facility, including the closure of
several aluminum potlines. But the major projects to boost capacity by 110,000
tonnes to 548,000 tonnes are slated to begin by the end of 2010 and be completed
in five years.

As a result of the modernization commitment, Alcoa renewed its power contracts
for 25 years with Hydro-Quebec for 1,562 megawatts of electricity for the
Baie-Comeau smelter and others in Deschambault and Becancour.

Quebec's financial assistance, which isn't directly related to the
modernization, will be administered by Investissement Quebec.

With 1,550 employees, Alcoa is the largest employer in the North Shore
community. The smelter produces 437,000 tonnes of aluminum annually.

Alcoa Canada president Jean-Pierre Gilardeau said the government loan positions
the 52-year-old smelter to turn a profit once the economy turns around.

"This gesture allows us to anticipate the future with confidence," he said.

Meanwhile, about 275 workers at Alcoa's smelter in Becancour stand to be laid
off for an indeterminate period of time by the end of the month because
employees refused to cut work hours to help trim costs.

Despres declined to comment on the union's claim that the move is part of
Alcoa's "hidden agenda."

A mediator had recommended unionized employees work just 36 hours weekly and
that two years be added to their collective agreement.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2009 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              471 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Guelph Tribune

                           September 17, 2013 Tuesday
                                  ONT Edition

Soccer dome stays afloat

SECTION: Pg. 0

LENGTH: 545  words


City council has unanimously approved a strategy for dealing with the financial
woes of the sports dome that opened in 2008 at Centennial Park.The deal
"stabilizes the situation" and gives city staff more time to work with other
parties to "minimize long-term risk," Mayor Karen Farbridge said at the end of a
council debate on the issue last week.The city, which agreed in 2006 to co-sign
and guarantee a 10-year loan of up to $900,000 to build the facility, is on the
hook for $500,000 if Guelph Community Sports defaults on the loan.Guelph
Community Sports, the not-for-profit organization that controls the facility,
approached city hall last fall to tell city officials about the financial woes.A
proposal made in May for dealing with the problem "fell apart" because the bank
that holds the loan wouldn't agree, said Peter Avgoustis, manager of business
services in the city's community and social services department.The potential of
default on the loan led to a meeting on Aug. 1 in Farbridge's office, where the
deal recommended to council last week was worked out.The deal calls for a
five-year extension of the bank loan, in order to reduce monthly payments by
fifty per cent. It also imposes several conditions, including conditions for
dealing with the need for future capital expenditures at the dome - namely, a
$350,000 replacement of the artificial field turf by 2018 and a $1.2-million
replacement of the air-supported dome structure covering the field by
2023."These conditions give us the time we need" to deal with these future
capital replacements, said Colleen Clack, the city's general manager of culture
and tourism.

The deal gives the city time to have a "broader conversation" about recreational
needs in different parts of the city, she told council.Guelph Soccer Club Inc.,
a not-for-profit sports organization, has been covering the facility's annual
shortfall for the past five years through an interest-free loan to Guelph
Community Sports. But Guelph Soccer has indicated it can no longer cover the
annual cash shortfall, and no money has been set aside for the future capital
replacements, says a city staff report.Avgoustis told council that the dome,
built without air conditioning, operates only from mid-September to mid-April.He
said it's not clear that a good business case could be made for air conditioning
the dome to extend its use, because "people want to be outside" in the summer
and the city's sports fields are cheaper to rent than the dome.Guelph Community
Sports and Guelph Soccer are separate legal entities and keep separate books,
Avgoustis said.The original intention of having a variety of sports use the dome
hasn't worked out as planned, although "I don't think they (Guelph Soccer) are
trying to monopolize the time" available in the dome, he said.One of the
conditions of the deal approved by council last week requires Guelph Soccer to
sign a 10-year field rental agreement with Guelph Community Sports, to ensure
the dome keeps its anchor tenant.City hall also looked at the option of taking
over the dome and contracting its operations to Guelph Soccer. Officials also
looked at providing an annual subsidy until 2018 to help pay off the loan, which
Avgoustis said would have cost the city about $70,000 a year.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              472 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Crain's Cleveland Business

                                October 27, 1997

LATE NEWS

SECTION: Late News; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 743 words


Hudson consultant, Miami firm merge

The Hackett Group, a management consulting firm in Hudson, has merged with
Miami-based AnswerThink Consulting Group. Gregory P. Hackett said he will remain
president of the Hackett Group, now a subsidiary of AnswerThink, which
specializes in systems integration. Mr. Hackett said he expects to boost Hackett
Group's employment to 70 from 30 in the next several years as a result of new
business generated by the merger. The Hackett Group specializes in helping firms
reduce the cost of staff functions such as finance and human resource
management.

David Prizinsky

Firm plans $18M retirement home

American Retirement Corp. of Nashville plans to build an $18 million,
two-building retirement community in Cleveland Heights. The complex would be on
20 acres on Mayfield Road formerly occupied by the Montefiore Home. The
Montefiore Home now is located in Beachwood on Cedar Road. The Tennessee
company's project will include the construction of a three-story, 120-resident
assisted living building and a two-story, 34-resident home for patients
suffering from Alzheimer's disease and dementia. The buildings will comprise
120,000 square feet.

Raquel Santiago

SBA's Cleveland office sets loan records

The Cleveland district office of the U.S. Small Business Administration set
records for the number of loans and loan amounts guaranteed in the fiscal year
ended Sept. 30. SBA district director Gilbert Goldberg said the agency
guaranteed 966 loans totaling $157.4 million during the period, eclipsing the
previous record of 963 loans totaling $136 million set in fiscal 1995. Mr.
Goldberg attributed the record to the continued strong economy in Northeast Ohio
as well as the agency's efforts to cut red tape. He said 22 loan guarantees were
issued in the last two days of the fiscal year due to use of the agency's
preferred lending and fast-track lending programs, which are designed to reduce
paperwork.

Tom Ford

Software distributor expands into Mich.

Microtek Controls Inc., a Twinsburg software distributor, next month will open
three offices in Michigan. The offices will be in Ann Arbor, Detroit and Grand
Rapids. The Michigan offices should add $3 million in sales for the company,
which has annual sales of about $5 million from operations in Ohio, Pennsylvania
and West Virginia, said Microtek spokesman Dennis Nordquest. Microtek resells
Wonderware Industrial Software, a computer program that creates graphical images
of industrial operations and allows managers to control equipment from remote
locations. Mr. Nordquest said the company in the past year has doubled its
employment to 16. It expects to hire five to 10 technical sales employees to run
the new Michigan operations. The company also is expanding its Twinsburg
operations by 50% to 4,000 square feet.

Jennifer Beauprez

Coin laundry chain spins into Cleveland

SpinCycle Inc., a coin-operated laundry store chain in Scottsdale, Ariz., has
acquired Cleveland-based Sud-Z Laundries, an 11-store coin laundry chain with
stores in Cleveland and Detroit. Terms of the deal were not disclosed. The
acquisition gives SpinCycle a total of 61 laundries in Ohio, Illinois, Maryland,
Michigan, Minnesota, New Mexico, Pennsylvania and Texas. "The Sud-Z acquisition
gives us a critical mass in an important market for us," said Patrick Clifton,
chairman and chief executive of SpinCycle. "Now we have geographic continuity
between our Midwest stores in Chicago and (Minneapolis/St. Paul) and our East
Coast operations in Philadelphia and Baltimore." Mr. Clifton said the Sud-Z
stores will be converted into SpinCycle outlets by year's end.

Angela Y. Hardin

Delivery service grows with first retail outlet

Bonnie Speed Delivery Inc. in Cleveland is expanding its business with the
opening of its first retail outlet. The store, called One Hour Package Delivery
Service, will open next Thursday, Oct. 30, in the atrium of the BP America
Building on Public Square. Bonnie Speed said the store will enable customers
without company accounts to arrange for quick delivery service. The store
initially will have a three-person staff, said Renee Cline, Bonnie Speed's
director of sales. She declined to disclose sales expectations for the store.
Bonnie Speed offers local and long-distance package deliveries, same-day air
service and shipment of large freight in the Midwest and the eastern United
States.

Angela Y. Hardin

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 Crain Communications, Inc.


                              473 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Himalayan Times

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday

Gorkha Brewery empowers local community at Mukundapur

BYLINE: HIMALAYAN NEWS SERVICE

LENGTH: 198  words


KATHMANDU: Aimed at economic empowerment of the local community, Gorkha Brewery
initiated Micro Finance Project in Mukundapur-6 in 2010.

Gorkha Brewery partnered with a local bank to provide loan facility for the
purchase of mature milk yielding cows or buffaloes, on a group guarantee to
families with an annual income of less than $1,000. In addition, 50 per cent
rebate on the loan processing and insurance costs were also provided. Recently,
as the agreement stated, Gorkha Brewery reimbursed the interest paid by
borrowers at the end of the term on completion of payment of their EMI.

A total of 110 borrowers have availed the credit facility till date. A group of
75 borrowers received interest payback in the beginning of this year while a
group of 35 remaining borrowers received the interest payback this week.

Philip Norley, MD of Gorkha Brewery, speaking during loan disbursement
programme, said, "By empowering local communities, our CSR activities are
changing lives."

Srijana Regmi, local borrower, said, "This is one of a kind economic project
wherein I bought two cows with the loan and now in three years, I have 20 cows.
I am very thankful to Gorkha Brewery for helping us."

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2014 Himalayan Times, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              474 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 9, 2014 Thursday

Scranton business administrator has been key player in city finances

BYLINE: Jim Lockwood, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 441 words


Oct. 09--Scranton Business Administrator David Bulzoni had a front-row seat to
city finances before he took the city job in January.

He worked for Landmark Community Bank when it loaned the Scranton Parking
Authority $2.95 million in 2011. Unlike authority bonds that are guaranteed by
the city, the Landmark loan was not backed by the city.

When the former city council forced SPA into default in mid-2012, the Landmark
loan, and an unrelated loan from a separate bank, went unpaid by the authority
and became delinquent.

As Mayor Bill Courtright's business administrator, Mr. Bulzoni has been an
architect of the city's new recovery plan. One facet involves selling or leasing
the authority's five parking garages, but the delinquent bank loans could be
roadblocks to this plan. As a result, the city plans to have SPA incur up to $4
million in debt to pay back the two delinquent bank loans, and the city would
use parking meter revenue to pay this new SPA debt.

Mr. Bulzoni said of being on both sides of the Landmark loan -- first with the
bank providing the loan to SPA and now with the city aiming to satisfy the loan
-- "It has no relevance to me at this point other than from the perspective of
the city and trying to create a cleaner credit picture for the city. It's just a
matter that has to be cleaned up."

Efforts to contact Mr. Courtright on Wednesday were unsuccessful. SPA board
member Tom Borthwick said, "Dave was never on the side of defaulting or allowing
this to occur. It (satisfying the loan) is just about making good with the
banks."

Containing the cost of defending against a lawsuit brought against the authority
by Landmark also is a consideration, he said. While the city did not guarantee
the Landmark loan, the city and authority are trying to act in good faith to
satisfy the delinquency, and such a step also would help repair the city's
damaged creditworthiness to hopefully open avenues for financing and new loans,
he said.

The Landmark loan to SPA became an issue in early 2012 in the feud between
former Mayor Chris Doherty and the council led by Janet Evans. At that time, the
mayor sought a $2.75 million tax-anticipation note from Landmark to pay daily
bills and payroll, and the bank in return wanted the city to guarantee the SPA
loan. Council refused and likened that condition to being "held hostage," and
said if the bank made a bad loan to SPA the city should not get stuck holding
the bag.

Contact the writer:

jlockwood@timesshamrock.com, @jlockwoodTT on Twitter

___ (c)2014 The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pa.) Visit The Times-Tribune (Scranton,
Pa.) at thetimes-tribune.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20141009-YT-Scranton-business-administrator-has-been-key-player-in-city-finances
-1009-20141009

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2014 The Times-Tribune


                              475 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Global Capital Euroweek

                                  June 9, 2016

USAID backs Ukraine and Tunisia bond plans

BYLINE: Francesca Young

SECTION: UKRAINE USAID,TUNISIA USAID

LENGTH: 566  words



HIGHLIGHT: Ukraine and Tunisia have signed agreements with the US for a combined
$1.5bn of bond guarantees.


Ukraine and the US have settled on a further $1bn of loan warranties, to be used
on a five year Eurobond issue.

Ukraine's Ministry of Finance said that it anticipated a "record low expected
interest rate of not higher than 2% per annum "" the lowest interest rate in the
history of Ukraine" for the bond.

The guarantee is Ukraine's third USAID loan warranty. The previous two enabled
it to tap the international capital markets for $2bn, via $1bn 1.847% 2020s in
2015 and $1bn 1.844% 2019s in 2014. Citi, JP Morgan and Morgan Stanley placed
the 2020s and Citi and JP Morgan placed the 2019s.

Finance minister Oleksandr Danylyuk signed the agreement, along with US
Ambassador to Ukraine Geoffrey Pyatt and Joel Sandefur, representative of the
USAID mission.

The loan warranty agreement is a part of the bilateral and multilateral economic
support for Ukraine which includes a four year IMF extended fund facility
programme.

"It reflects increasing support for the economic reforms pursued by the
Government of Ukraine," said the Ukraine Ministry of Finance. "The agreement is
aimed to support economic reform programmes of Ukraine which are also supported
by the IMF, USAID and other members of the international community. It should
also facilitate access of Ukraine to the international capital markets."

The ministry said the funds raised would provide social aid to its most
financially vulnerable citizens to protect them against economic impacts
including rising gas prices.

A DCM official in London said that to his knowledge no banks have yet been
mandated for the new USAID backed Eurobond and that the timing of the deal was
unclear. "The timing will probably be dependent on the IMF programme," he said.
"I can't see them printing it until the next tranche is released."

One analyst expects a July agreement for the release of the next credit tranche
from the IMF. Jerome Vacher, an IMF representative in Ukraine, said that the IMF
would assess the state of reforms delivered over June.

USAID has also extended a $500m guarantee that will enable Tunisia to access
affordable financing from the international capital markets, after plans for
standalone access were put on hold in April.

This will be Tunisia's the third loan guarantee from the US. USAID offered $485m
of backing in 2012 and $500m in 2014. The 2014 guarantee was used to back a
$500m 2.452% 2021 via Natixis and JP Morgan and in 2012 Tunisia used it to issue
a seven year bond at 1.686%.

In January 2015, Tunisia placed its first standalone bond since the Arab Spring
to a strong reception. The $1bn 5.75% 10 year bond drew a book of over $4bn and
was earmarked as a big step in Tunisia's financial rehabilitation.

But hopes for independent access to the markets were dashed earlier this year
and Tunisia postponed a euro denominated bond sale in April. The roadshow was
planned to take place between April 21-26 via Natixis, Commerzbank and JP
Morgan.

In May the executive board of the International Monetary Fund approved a 48
month extended arrangement under its Extended Fund Facility with Tunisia for
$2.9bn to support the country's economic and fiscal reform programme.

"Tunisia has managed to preserve macroeconomic stability and initiate fiscal and
banking reforms in a context marked by a prolonged political transition,
spillovers from the crisis in Libya, and numerous exogenous shocks, including
terror attacks," the IMF said.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EUROW


              Copyright 2016 Euromoney Institutional Investor PLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              476 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            January 23, 2015 Friday

Make loans affordable for students in Budget 2015 to boost 'Skill India': Ninad
Karpe, Aptech

SECTION: FINANCE

LENGTH: 268 words


NEW DELHI: If the government wants to meet its ambitious plan to boost skill
development in the country, it should make provisions for accessible and
affordable loans to students in the upcoming Union Budget 2015, says Ninad
Karpe, MD and CEO, Aptech Ltd.

Prime Minister Narendra Modi is keen to take forward this initiative as part of
his vision of creating "Skill India" and recently reviewed the program at a
high-level meeting.

"The government should create a credit guarantee fund similar to one created for
MSME sector in India so that banks can finance education loans without any
collateral from students, says Karpe. "For rural students, banks should offer
loans at concessional rate and with 100% guarantee from the trust. Also, in case
of default, the trust will need to pay 75% of the loan to banks," he adds.

Lack of finance is a major obstacle in fully harnessing the potential of young
population of the country

Karpe, the head of a global education company says that the government should
mandate the Mahila Bank to finance education loans of girls pursuing higher or
vocation education, particularly in rural areas, as gender bias in the society
keeps them out of education ambit due to unavailability of finance for
education. The bank was started in 2013 by the previous government to cater to
lending needs, predominantly for women.

"The self help groups should guarantee micro-finance facility to underprivileged
students," says Karpe, adding that a provision like this in the upcoming budget
by the government would gauge the needs of millions of students.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              477 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      East Valley Tribune (Mesa, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 22, 2008 Friday

Allegiant offers loan to Gateway: $3M to help expand terminal at airport,
replace lost funding

BYLINE: Tony Natale, The Tribune, Mesa, Ariz.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 461 words


Aug. 22--Allegiant Air is banking on a growing number of passengers at
Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport to guarantee a $3 million loan for expansion of the
terminal.

The loan was promised to airport officials by the Las Vegasbased airline after
Gateway lost more than $7 million during budget maneuvers by the Arizona
Legislature last month.

Lawmakers took the money slated for airport and transportation programs and
placed it in the General Fund to make up for financial losses. "It upset a lot
of people who use airports, including ours," said Brian Sexton, Gateway
spokesman.

Gateway had set aside $3.35 million of the state funds for a 10,000-square-foot
terminal expansion next year, but it was forced to find another source of
funding.

"This is the perfect example of private and public agencies combining to serve
the community," Sexton said.

Allegiant, which has steadily added flights at Gateway since beginning service
there in October, pledged an unsecured loan of $3 million, providing it receives
$1 million in interest for a total repayment of $4 million within 10 years.

The airport will pay Allegiant $4 for each passenger that boards an Allegiant
plane at Gateway until the loan, including interest, is paid off. The $4 per
person will come from airport income paid by passengers using the facility.

The airport's board of directors will consider the loan at a special meeting at
9 a.m. Monday.

The joint agreement notes: "The structure of the loan places the risk on the
airline by linking repayment to airline performance and total passenger
enplanements (boardings). Should enplanements cease, no payments are due."

Because Gateway is not in a financial position to offer security or guarantees,
the loan is structured so that Gateway and its member governments assume no
risk.

The agreement also points out the interest rate is between 10.3 percent and 12.6
percent if repayment is made between four and five years.

Tyri Squyres, spokeswoman for Allegiant, said the proposed loan is a positive
for both the airline and the airport.

"It's based upon a successful first year in Mesa and reinforces our commitment
and belief in the airport and the community," Squyres said.

Plans are to add 130 more parking spaces. The addition will increase the number
of seats in the terminal from 300 to 467 and will add another gate, bringing the
total to three.

To see more of The Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.eastvalleytribune.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The Tribune, Mesa, Ariz.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080822-MZ-Allegiant-offers-loan-to-Gateway-0822

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MZ


                       Copyright 2008 East Valley Tribune


                              478 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2009 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                 March 3, 2009

                         BLACK LABRADOR COMMUNITY ARTS

                            BASEMENT 6 MOUNT STREET
                                   MANCHESTER
                                   LANCASHIRE

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 03567592

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: May 20, 1998

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Steven Mark Cunio, Web Designer
     ·    Walter Raymond Crowson, Self Employed
     ·    James Paton Walmsley, Community Arts Co Ordinator
     ·    John Paul Hale, Administrator
     ·    Claire Louise Turner, Reginal Project Co Ordinator


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    JAMES PATONWALMSLEY, COMMUNITY ARTS CO-ORDINATOR


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: LL
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Dissolved company

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
92310 - Artistic and literary creation and interpretation
92320 - Operation of arts facilities

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2006
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2006
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Total Exemption Full
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  January 30, 2007
ANNUAL RETURN:  May 9, 2008
CREDIT LIMIT:  Z

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/200 31/03/200 31/03/200
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    0         0         0
Intangible Assets                                  0         0         0
Total Fixed Assets                                 0         0         0
Stocks                                             0         0         0
Debtors                                            0         0         0
Cash                                          18,000     1,000         0
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0     1,000     2,000
Other Current Assets                          18,000     2,000     2,000
Total Current Assets                          18,000     2,000     2,000
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        0         0         0
Due From Group, Current                            0         0         0
TOTAL ASSETS                                  18,000     2,000     2,000



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/200 31/03/200 31/03/200
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                      1,000     1,000     2,000
Bank Overdraft                                     0         0     2,000
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities             12,000         0         0
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              0         0         0
Due To Directors, Current                          0         0         0
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          0         0         0
Due To Directors, Non Current                      0         0         0
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                     13,000     1,000     4,000
Total Long Term Liabilities                        0         0         0
TOTAL LIABILITIES                             13,000     1,000     4,000
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 0         0         0
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                  5,000     1,000     -2000
Revaluation Reserve                                0         0         0
Shareholder Funds                              5,000     1,000     -2000
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                     5,000     1,000     -2000


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/200 31/03/200 31/03/200
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                0    18,000     3,000
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit          4,000     3,000     2,000
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed       5,000     1,000     -2000
Net Worth              5,000     1,000     -2000
Working Capital        5,000     1,000     -2000
Emp. Renumeration          -     5,000         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -   -100   -100
Pretax                  -     33    100
Total Assets            -    800    800
Current Assets          -    800    800
Current                 -  1,200    225
Liabilities
Capital Employed        -    400      -
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 1,239 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2006)
SIC Code:
92320 Operation of arts facilities



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -2.95     6.11    50.00
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -5.14     1.71    20.98
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -4.69     1.75    12.86
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              58.18   170.83   359.46
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       16.07     3.13     0.00
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   0.58     1.09     2.17
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -        -        -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  10,581.8 15,000.0 20,412.5
                                                          2        0        0
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  30,600.5 49,273.3 86,718.7
                                                          4        1        5
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  41.46    29.27    19.10



CREDIT RATING
Year  0         Dissolved or dissolution action
=                                       pending
Year -1                                      61
=
Year -2                                      31
=
Year -3                                      32
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/200 31/03/200 31/03/200
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)               80.00    300.00         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                         22.22    150.00    100.00
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)             80.00    300.00         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -     16.67     66.67
Sales / Total Assets (%)                            0.00    900.00    150.00
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -      5.56    -66.67
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -      0.00      0.00
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.38      2.00      0.50
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  1.38      2.00      0.50
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.28      0.50         -
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -     27.78         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 5,000

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Slade & Cooper Ltd
BANKER: LLOYDS TSB

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2013


                              479 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             July 13, 2010 Tuesday

California to get $22 million in DOE clean-tech grants

BYLINE: By Dana Hull dhull@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Communities; San Jose - Valley; News; Local; Business

LENGTH: 458 words


The federal Department of Energy on Monday awarded $92 million for 43
clean-energy research projects across the country, including 11 projects in
California that will receive a total of $22 million.

The projects include $1.6 million to the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory
for energy storage and more than $5 million to HRL Laboratories in Malibu to
develop low-cost battery chargers for electric cars.

"History has shown that if you fund research and development the right way, it
pays back 100 fold," Energy Secretary Steven Chu said during a conference call
with reporters. "The idea here is to create jobs and also prepare for America's
future prosperity. ... We're looking at technologies that are shooting for the
moon."

The funding comes from the Energy Department's ARPA-E program, which aims to cut
greenhouse gas emissions and improve energy efficiency. ARPA-E, or Advanced
Research Projects Agency-Energy, is modeled on DARPA, the research and
development arm of the Department of Defense.

U.S. Sen. Barbara Boxer, a champion of green-energy projects funded by federal
stimulus dollars, was also on the conference call.

"We (in California) are the hub of clean-energy technologies," said Boxer, a
Democrat who is in the midst of a tough re-election fight against Republican
challenger Carly Fiorina. "If you go back to the days of the Internet, you can
track the fact that the initial seed money came from the Defense Department."

The Department of Energy's wider support for cleantech has been critical for
several Bay Area companies. BrightSource Energy in Oakland, Solyndra in Fremont
and Tesla Motors in Palo Alto have all received loans or loan guarantees from
the department at a time when the economic downturn has made it harder to raise
private capital.

Solyndra was awarded a $535 million loan guarantee, which allowed the solar
company to finance construction of a manufacturing facility near Interstate 880
in Fremont. President Barack Obama paid the company a high-profile visit in May.

But Solyndra shelved its plans for its IPO and Kelly Truman, a top executive,
recently departed, raising questions about whether the company could meet its
ambitious goals, for which Solyndra has requested a second Energy Department
loan of $469 million.

Chu declined to comment on the status of Solyndra's pending loan application.
But he voiced support for the company, and said Solyndra's decision to pull its
IPO was largely because of financial and market considerations.

"As far as I know the health of the company is very good," Chu said. "They make
an excellent product, they have a fantastic manufacturing facility, and I think
they will be a successful company.

Contact Dana Hull at 408-920-2706. Follow her at Twitter.com/danahull .

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              480 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                           September 10, 2013 Tuesday

Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago to Sell MBS with U.S. Guarantee

BYLINE: Sarah Todd

SECTION: REGULATION & REFORM Vol. 178 No. 139

LENGTH: 373  words


The Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago announced Monday it plans to issue
mortgage-backed securities guaranteed by the Government National Mortgage
Association, or Ginnie Mae.

The new product, known as MPF government mortgage-backed securities, aims to
provide smaller mortgage lenders with a reliable way to sell home loans. It will
allow the Federal Home Loan Bank to buy government-insured loans from lenders,
hold those loans on the balance sheet, and pool them into Ginnie Mae-guaranteed
securities which can then be sold to investors.

"We are committed to supporting the mortgage activities of community lenders
across the country that are members of the Federal Home Loan Banks," Federal
Home Loan Bank of Chicago president Matt Feldman said in a press release. "This
product will allow participating members to be more competitive in their
communities and to provide them better pricing to enhance access to affordable
mortgage financing in the communities they serve."

The new securities will first become available to eligible lenders in Illinois
and Wisconsin before a broader rollout next year.

Ginnie Mae guarantees timely payment of principal and interest on more than $1.4
trillion of mortgage-backed securities. The underlying loans are insured by the
Federal Housing Administration and the Department of Veterans Affairs, as well
as programs run by the Office of Public and Indian Housing and the Department of
Agriculture's Rural Development Housing and Community Facilities Program.

The Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago introduced the Mortgage Partnership
Finance program in 1997 with the hopes that it would compete with Fannie Mae and
Freddie Mac for lenders' secondary market business. Other FHLBs followed suit
with similar initiatives. The Chicago and Seattle Home Loan banks pursued ways
to securitize the loans they bought from member banks, but found only limited
success.

Unable to securitize, the Home Loan banks had no choice but to retain mortgages
on their books, ultimately largely killing the programs when loans started going
bad during the financial crisis. The Chicago Home Loan bank stopped making
purchases under its program in 2008. But the FHLBs started dramatically
increasing mortgage purchases last year.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AMERICANBANKER_AB


                        Copyright 2013 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              481 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            January 14, 2011 Friday
                                  All Editions

PCHC to receive loan to purchase Bangor building

BYLINE: NOK-NOI RICKER BDN STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B2

LENGTH: 384 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


Penobscot Community Health Center's Union Street campus is about to grow thanks
to a low-interest loan from the U.S. Department of Agriculture, U.S. Rep. Mike
Michaud announced Thursday.

PCHC is going to use the $2,635,000 loan to purchase a building that it now
leases from Tom Valley of Hilltop Inc., the Rev. Bob Carlson, president of PCHC,
said Thursday.

A People's United Bank branch is situated at one end of the building and will
remain, as will a tanning salon, he said.

"The reason we want to buy this is to develop the entire campus into an
integrated health care system," he said. "It's going to allow us to have
expanded services. It's very exciting for us."

Speech and audiology offices, as well as specialty services, eventually will be
housed in the building, which will be purchased through the USDA's Business and
Industry Guaranteed Loan Program.

"The Penobscot Community Health Center has been nationally recognized for its
excellence in medical services and it plays an essential role in providing
affordable health care to the Bangor area," Michaud said in a statement. "This
USDA investment not only helps the health center provide quality, affordable
health care, but it will also help retain much-needed jobs."

Carlson said he wasn't sure of the exact interest rate on the $2.6 million loan,
but he said it is very low.

Virginia Manuel, USDA Rural Development's state director, said in a statement
that she was pleased that Rural Development could provide the loan guarantee to
support PCHC.

"Quality health care is at the heart of creating and sustaining vibrant rural
Maine communities, and we are pleased to partner with Katahdin Trust Co. to fund
this essential community facility," she said.

Thursday's loan announcement comes on the heels of news that PCHC will expand
its Union Street dental facility, increasing the number of patient chairs from
27 to 43, Carlson said. He said he is amazed with how the PCHC campus has grown
since its start in 1997.

"When you think about 13 years ago, we were in building one and we had six exam
rooms and one doctor, one part-time nurse practitioner and four employees,"
Carlson said. "Now we have just over 500 employees and just shy of 50,000
patients."

PCHC now occupies four buildings at its Union Street campus.

nricker@bangordailynews.com

990-8190

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Bangor Daily News


                              482 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                            January 16, 2009, Friday

Auditor criticizes development authority

BYLINE: GEORGE HOHMANN, DAILY MAIL BUSINESS EDITOR

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1A

LENGTH: 1057 words


The Office of the Legislative Auditor has criticized the state Economic
Development Authority for not following state rules that require most contracts
to be bid out.

The auditor also found that the authority does not always follow its own
policies for insuring loans. The auditor said that in one instance the authority
put up a $3 million loan guarantee and lost the entire amount.

David Warner, the authority's executive director, countered that the authority
is not subject to state purchasing rules. He said that even so, the authority
generally does follow purchasing rules, but just does not do so formally. He
also said the authority has the right to choose to make exceptions to its own
policies due to underlying circumstances.

Warner spoke about the audit in front of the Legislature's Joint Committee on
Government and Finance on Monday. He gave the 40-page report to the authority's
board of directors on Thursday during the board's regular monthly meeting.

The authority hires an outside auditor to go over its books every year. But an
audit by the Office of the Legislative Auditor is different. The office, a unit
of the Legislature, can look at any state agency's books whenever it wants. This
audit lasted 14 months.

Warner said that to his knowledge the review by the Office of the Legislative
Auditor was the first of its kind for the Economic Development Authority in at
least 20 years.

The Legislative Auditor said the authority, which is the state agency that
finances economic projects, spent $255,000 in 2006 and 2007 on contracts that
should have been governed by state bidding rules. The auditor also said the
authority "has no written internal control procedures to ensure against
misappropriation by fraud or error."

But Warner said the authority's legal counsel had advised him that the authority
is exempt from the Purchasing Division's rules.

The Office of the Legislative Auditor rejected that argument. It sought and
obtained an opinion from the Legal Division of Legislative Services that says
the authority's position is incorrect.

"We believe full compliance with the required rules and regulations are
necessary to maintain fair, balanced and ethical treatment of vendors and to
best protect the state of West Virginia," the audit concluded.

State Commerce Secretary Kelley Goes is the governor's designated representative
on the authority's board and serves as chairwoman. A lawyer, she also is
executive director of the West Virginia Development Office. Goes said that in
her opinion the authority complies with the Purchasing Division's rules, "the
issue is whether it's mandatory."

Warner told the authority's board that the Joint Committee on Government and
Finance has asked him to come back during the next round of interim meetings and
give an update on whether the authority is going to take any action to clarify
or rectify its purchasing procedures. Warner said that since there's a
difference of opinion, he might ask the Legislature to settle it.

Warner also contended that of the $255,000 in contracts the auditor said should
have been bid, a total of only $145,000 was in transactions larger than $2,500.
"The balance of the transactions cited were all below $2,500 and not subject to
bidding procedures," he said.

As for not having internal controls, Warner said the authority does indeed have
controls, but they just aren't formally under the Purchasing Division's rules.
"Our internal controls are audited by our independent auditors," he said.
"Anything that involves handling of cash or money, there are written controls in
place."

In its effort to promote new business and grow existing businesses, the
authority sometimes guarantees bank loans. Authority policy says it will
guarantee up to 80 percent of a bank loan, not to exceed $500,000.

The audit found three loans that didn't comply with the authority's own
policies. In one instance the authority insured $3 million of a $4.87 million
that the First National Bank of Ronceverte had made to a borrower in 2004.

"This far exceeds the stated ceiling for Loan Insurance Program insurance,
defined by the Economic Development Authority as $500,000," the audit noted.

It was previously reported that the loan guarantee was to help back a loan to
Western Greenbrier Co-Generation, a company owned by the Greenbrier County
communities of Rainelle, Quinwood and Rupert.

Western Greenbrier Co-Generation planned to build a $400 million power plant
that would burn coal waste, or gob, for fuel. The company ran into financial
trouble in late 2007 when its efforts to refinance a loan with the First
National Bank of Ronceverte fell through.

The West Virginia Economic Development Authority processed the bank's claim for
$3 million in November 2007.

In response to the audit's findings, Warner wrote, "The bank loan represented
the local match requirement for a U.S. Department of Energy grant of $5 million,
allowing the project to acquire all of the initial engineering, feasibility
studies, and permits necessary to construct a waste coal-fired electricity
generating facility.

"If successful, the project would have received an additional $110 million of
financing for the construction of the facility," Warner wrote. "Delays in the
permitting process ultimately caused the construction cost estimates to
dramatically increase for steel and concrete undermining the financing model in
place supporting the issuance of bonds to finance the facility."

Warner wrote that in each of the three instances where the authority's own
policies were not followed, the authority's board of directors, "within its
right to do so, chose to make an exception to its general policy due to the
underlying circumstances."

Warner told the authority's directors, "Overall, as painful a process as it was,
we were pleased with the overall report."

Timothy Duke, one of the authority's directors, said, "My compliments to the
staff. You didn't get caught up in the Madoff thing."

Duke was referring to New Yorker Bernard Madoff's alleged $50 billion Ponzi
scheme, which has ensnared numerous investors and organizations, including the
Charleston Area Medical Center and its foundation.

The entire 40-page audit report is expected to be posted online soon at
www.legis.state.wv.us/Joint/post audit/reports.cfm.

Contact writer George Hohmann at business@dailymail.com or 304-348-4836.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Charleston Newspapers


                              483 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                              March 9, 2014 Sunday

Onaga to rebuild hospital with USDA funds

BYLINE: Megan Hart.

megan.hart@cjonline.com

LENGTH: 702 words


Two hospital buildings from decades ago will become one up-to-date facility in
Onaga, thanks partly to low-interest loans for rural development.

Community HealthCare System, which has seven clinics and two hospital campuses
in rural Kansas, will break ground in May on a project to redevelop its Onaga
campus. The project will involve building an expansion on the 1971 hospital
building and demolishing a separate building that dates to 1957. Work is
scheduled to wrap up by the end of 2015.

Onaga is one of dozens of rural Kansas communities that received about $413
million in grants and loans from the U.S. Department of Agriculture for
development projects in fiscal year 2013. More than half that money went to
housing programs.

Greg Unruh, president and CEO of Community HealthCare System, said the new
hospital building will have more modern amenities, including private rooms, as
well as a second operating room and space for more services.

"Our new hospital is really designed to be current, state-of-the-art," he said.

Michael Bomberger, administrator for Community HealthCare System's St. Mary's
hospital campus, said USDA Rural Development bought $17.59 million in bonds the
community had issued to construct the new facility. USDA also loaned the health
system $4.97 million toward implementing electronic health records and
refinancing existing loans.

The system also will apply for an interest-free $2 million loan to equip the new
building, Bomberger said.

Unruh said the USDA rates were "highly, highly competitive," and a financial
consultant advised them to accept the terms. The construction loan and the
health records loan both have rates of 3.125 percent.

Patty Clark, director of USDA Rural Development in Kansas, said the agency can
provide funding for projects in communities that would struggle to finance them
on their own. Basic needs such as water systems, wastewater treatment and
medical facilities are expensive, and very small communities may not have the
resources to build them, she said.

"Those basic human needs don't go away in a town of 200," she said.

Rural Development gave or loaned $413,168,522 to Kansas communities in fiscal
year 2013, with 57 percent going toward housing programs. Another 22 percent
went to electric loans, with 4 percent for business programs and 17 percent for
other community programs.

Onaga has taken advantage of multiple programs over the years, including loans
for updating its water and sewer systems, improving its housing stock and
reopening a grocery store that had burned down, Clark said. The grocery store
project also involved money from the Kansas and Pottawatomie County revolving
loan funds as well as a loan from a private bank backed by a guarantee from
USDA.

"We mitigated each other's risk and created a big opportunity," she said.

Other communities also have used USDA funds for economic development projects.
Examples include a feasibility study on the idea of a "food hub" in Douglas
County to connect buyers with local farmers and grants to encourage tourism
along the Kansas River Trail and the Flint Hills Trail, Clark said. The agency
made loans to a total of 39 farms and other businesses in fiscal year 2013,
saving about 400 jobs, accoting to its year-end report.

Other projects approved in the past year included an addition to the library in
Blue Rapids; a new water tower and 1,100 feet of water lines in Bronson, and a
water treatment plant in Leoti to remove nitrates and bring the city into
compliance with the Clean Water Act. The housing programs also helped 2,136
families to move into a home in rural Kansas and about 100 others to fix up
their existing residence.

Clark said USDA Rural Development also provides free technical help on design,
taking bids and constructing and operating new facilities.

"There is a great deal of truth in the saying that Rural Development can build a
community from the ground up," she said. "We become a partner in the community."

Bomberger said the health system in Onaga was glad to have that help designing
and planning their project, because health systems aren't experienced in
constructing hospitals.

"If you're lucky, you maybe get to build one of these every 40 or 50 years," he
said.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              484 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

Guaranteed Loanmaking and Servicing Regulations

LENGTH: 41268  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:


Action

Proposed Rule.
Summary

The Rural Business-Cooperative Service (Agency) is an agency within the Rural
Development mission area of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
responsible for administering the Business and Industry (B&I) Guaranteed Loan
Program. The B&I Guaranteed Loan Program is authorized by the Consolidated Farm
and Rural Development Act and provides loan guarantees to banks and other
approved lenders to finance private businesses located in rural areas.

The Agency is proposing changes to refine the regulations for the B&I Guaranteed
Loan Program in an effort to improve program delivery, clarify the regulations
to make them easier to understand, and reduce delinquencies. The proposed
changes to the program are expected to reduce the subsidy rate and thereby lower
program subsidy costs over time as the proposed rule is implemented. By lowering
the subsidy rate, the Agency may be able to provide greater leverage for the
budget authority provided by Congress. This will allow the Agency to guarantee a
higher total dollar amount of loan requests and, assuming the same average size
of loans being guaranteed, to guarantee more loans. These changes could also
result in increased lending activity, expanded business opportunities, and
creation of more jobs in rural areas.
Unified Agenda
Business and Industry (B&I) Guaranteed Loan Program

1 action from June 2014

June 2014
        Proposed Rule


Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    I. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION
    Executive Order 12866, Regulatory Planning and Review
    Programs Affected
    Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs
    Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform
    Executive Order 13132, Federalism
    Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments
    Regulatory Flexibility Act
    Unfunded Mandates Reform Act
    Environmental Impact Statement
    Paperwork Reduction Act
    Comments
    E-Government Act Compliance
    II. Background
    III. Executive Summary
    Purpose of the Regulatory Action
    Summary of the Major Provisions of the Regulatory Action
    IV. Discussion of the Proposed Rule
    List of Subjects for 7 CFR Parts 4279 and 4287
    PART 4279--GUARANTEED LOANMAKING
    Subpart A--General
    Subpart A--General
    Subpart B--Business and Industry Loans
    PART 4279--GUARANTEED LOANMAKING
    Subpart B--Business and Industry Loans
    PART 4287--SERVICING
    Subpart B--Servicing Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans
    Subpart B--Servicing Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans

DATES: Back to Top

Comments on the proposed rule must be received on or before November 14, 2014.
The comment period for the information collection under the Paperwork Reduction
Act of 1995 continues through November 14, 2014.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

You may submit comments to this rule by any of the following methods:

Federal eRulemaking Portal: http://www.regulations.gov. Follow the instructions
for submitting comments.
    Mail: Submit written comments via the U.S. Postal Service to the Branch
Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0742
with a copy to Brenda Griffin, Rural Development, Business Programs, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Stop 3224, Washington,
DC 20250-3224.
    Hand Delivery/Courier: Submit written comments via Federal Express Mail or
other courier service requiring a street address to the Branch Chief,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 300
7th Street SW., 7th Floor, Washington, DC 20024 with a copy to Brenda Griffin,
Rural Development, Business Programs, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Room 6847, Washington, DC 20250-3224.

All written comments will be available for public inspection during regular work
hours at the 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor address listed above. Comments will
also be available through regulations.gov referencing RIN number 0570-AA85.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Brenda Griffin, Rural Development, Business Programs, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Stop 3224, Washington, DC 20250-3224;
email: brenda.griffin@wdc.usda.gov; telephone (202) 720-6802.
I. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION Back to Top
Executive Order 12866, Regulatory Planning and Review

This proposed rule has been reviewed under Executive Order (EO) 12866 and has
been determined to be significant. The EO defines a "economically significant
regulatory action" as one that is likely to result in a rule that may have an
annual effect on the economy of $100 million or more or adversely affect, in a
material way, the economy, a sector of the economy, productivity, competition,
jobs, the environment, public health or safety, or State, local, or tribal
governments or communities. The actions in this rule collectively are not
expected to have an impact of $100 million or more, which negates the need for a
more detailed assessment of likely benefits and costs and analysis of
potentially effective and reasonably feasible alternatives.
Programs Affected

The Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance program number assigned to the B&I
Guaranteed Loan Program is 10.768.
Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs

B Guaranteed Loans are subject to the Provisions of Executive Order 12372, which
require intergovernmental consultation with State and local officials. The
Agency will conduct intergovernmental consultation in the manner delineated in 7
CFR part 3015, subpart V, or successor regulations.
Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform

This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform.
The Agency has determined that this rule meets the applicable standards provided
in section 3 of the Executive Order. Additionally, (1) all state and local laws
and regulations that are in conflict with this rule will be preempted; (2) no
retroactive effect will be given to the rule; and (3) administrative appeal
procedures, if any, must be exhausted before litigation against the Department
or its agencies may be initiated, in accordance with the regulations of the
National Appeals Division of USDA at 7 CFR part 11.
Executive Order 13132, Federalism

The policies contained in this proposed rule do not have any substantial direct
effect on states, on the relationship between the national government and the
states, or on the distribution of power and responsibilities among the various
levels of government. Nor does this proposed rule impose substantial direct
compliance costs on state and local governments. Therefore, consultation with
states is not required.
Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments

This executive order imposes requirements on the Agency in the development of
regulatory policies that have tribal implications or preempt tribal laws. Rural
Development has determined that this proposed rule does not have a substantial
direct effect on one or more Indian tribe(s) or on either the relationship or
the distribution of powers and responsibilities between the Federal Government
and Indian tribes. Thus, this proposed rule is not subject to the requirements
of Executive Order 13175. If a tribe determines that this rule has implications
of which Rural Development is not aware and would like to engage with Rural
Development on this rule, please contact Rural Development's Native American
Coordinator at (720) 544-2911 or AIAN@wdc.usda.gov
Regulatory Flexibility Act

Under section 605(b) of the Regulatory Flexibility Act, 5 U.S.C. 605(b), the
Agency certifies that this rule will not have a significant economic impact on a
substantial number of small entities. This proposed rule affects lenders that
utilize the B Guaranteed Loan Program and any potential lenders that may utilize
the program in the future. There are currently 1,117 active lenders in the B
portfolio. The Agency estimates that approximately 50 percent of the lenders
that utilize the program are small community banks that are considered a small
entity, as defined by the Regulatory Flexibility Act. Therefore, the Agency has
determined that this proposed rule will have an impact on a substantial number
of small entities.

However, the Agency has determined that the economic impact of the proposed rule
on these small lenders will not be significant. Many of the changes being
implemented in the rule are tweaks to the program that lenders have suggested at
a series of lender roundtable meetings or during annual lender visits that do
not have any economic impact on the lenders. The most significant change in the
rule that affects lenders is the criteria to become an approved non-regulated
lender. This change by itself, however, does not have a significant economic
impact on a substantial number of entities as it affects less than 2 percent of
the active lenders (approximately 21 non-regulated lenders). Based on the data
in the Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) burden package, the Agency estimates the
cost of the proposed rule to be approximately $1,600 per lender. This is based
on determining which of the estimated costs in the PRA burden package would be
incurred by the lenders applying for and participating in the program, and the
estimated number of lenders. SBA's definition of a small business for lenders is
total assets of $500 million or less. The Agency selected 20 small lenders at
random to determine their total assets. Based on 2014 data, the range of total
assets for these 20 lenders is $52.6 million to $476 million. The average cost
of $1,600 per lender represents less than 0.003% of the total assets of the
smallest of these 20 lenders. Therefore, this rule will not have a significant
impact on a substantial number of small entities.
Unfunded Mandates Reform Act

This rule contains no Federal mandates (under the regulatory provisions of Title
II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995) for State, local, and tribal
governments or the private sector. Thus, this rule is not subject to the
requirements of sections 202 and 205 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of
1995.
Environmental Impact Statement

This rule has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G,
"Environmental Program." The Agency has determined that this action does not
constitute a major Federal action significantly affecting the quality of the
human environment, and in accordance with the National Environmental Protection
Policy Act of 1969 (NEPA), 42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq., an Environmental Impact
Statement is not required.

Under this program, the Agency conducts a NEPA review for each application
received. To date, no significant environmental impacts have been reported, and
Findings of No Significant Impact (FONSI) have been issued for each approved
application. Taken collectively, the applications show limited potential for
significant adverse cumulative effects.
Paperwork Reduction Act

In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the Rural
Business-Cooperative Service announces its intention to seek OMB approval of the
new reporting and recordkeeping requirements contained in this regulation.

The following estimates are based on an estimated volume of activity of 100
preapplications, 600 applications, and 550 new loan guarantees. Preapplications
are not required and are submitted at the option of the lender. The purpose of a
preapplication is to allow a lender to submit a limited amount of information,
most of which should be easily obtained, so that the Agency can determine and
advise the lender whether the request is likely to meet the requirements of the
program. Some lenders will skip the preapplication process and submit a full
application as the first contact with the Agency. If the information is
submitted in a preapplication, it would not need to be resubmitted in the
application unless the financials become more than 90 days old between the time
of preapplication and application. Applications are evaluated by the Agency to
determine whether the borrower is eligible, the proposed loan is for an eligible
purpose, there is reasonable assurance of repayment ability, there is sufficient
collateral and equity, and the proposed loan complies with all applicable
statutes and regulations.

Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for the additional proposed
requirements will increase the current collection of information by an estimated
total of 5,111 hours. The Agency anticipates the number of respondents to
fluctuate based on funding levels. The average burden per respondent under the
current rule is estimated to be 8 hours, and the average burden under the
proposed rule is estimated to be 11 hours, for an estimated increase of 3 hours
per respondent.

Respondents: Primary respondents for this data are lending institutions and
rural for profit businesses but also include individuals, non-profit businesses,
Indian tribes, public bodies, and cooperatives. The estimates below are for all
three subparts associated with this rule and include the additional proposed
requirements.

Estimated Number of Respondents: 3,675.

Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 1-4.

Estimated Number of Responses: 27,076.

Estimated Total Annual Burden (hours) on Respondents: 40,511.

Copies of this information collection can be obtained from Jeanne Jacobs,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, Support Services Division, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, Rural Development, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Ave.
SW., Washington, DC 20250-0742 or by calling (202) 692-0040.
Comments

Comments are invited on: (a) The accuracy of the new Rural Development estimate
of the burden of the proposed collection of information, including the validity
of the methodology and assumptions used; (b) ways to enhance the quality,
utility, and clarity of the information to be collected; and (c) ways to
minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who are to
respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology. Comments may be sent to Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and
Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture, Rural Development,
STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Washington, DC 20250. All responses to
this proposed rule will be summarized and included in the request for OMB
approval. All comments will also become a matter of public record. Comments can
be viewed at regulations.gov under RIN number 0570-AA85.
E-Government Act Compliance

Rural Development is committed to complying with the E-Government Act, to
promote the use of the Internet and other information technologies to provide
increased opportunities for citizen access to Government information and
services, and for other purposes.
II. Background Back to Top

Rural Development administers a multitude of Federal programs for the benefit of
rural America, ranging from housing and community facilities to infrastructure
and business development. Its mission is to increase economic opportunity and
improve the quality of life in rural communities by providing the leadership,
infrastructure, access to capital, and technical support that enables rural
communities to prosper. To achieve its mission, Rural Development provides
financial support--including direct loans, grants, and loan guarantees--and
technical assistance to help improve the quality of life and provide the
foundation for economic development in rural areas.

The B Guaranteed Loan Program was authorized by the Rural Development Act of
1972. The loans are made by private lenders to rural businesses for the purpose
of creating new businesses, expanding existing businesses, and for other
purposes that create employment opportunities in rural America. Businesses in
rural areas are eligible for this program. Rural area, as defined by 7 CFR
4279.108(c), is defined as any area other than a city or town of more than
50,000 inhabitants and the urbanized area contiguous and adjacent to such a city
or town. The types of borrowers that are served by the B Guaranteed Loan Program
are cooperative organizations, corporations, partnerships, or other legal
entities organized and operated on a profit or nonprofit basis; an Indian tribe
on a Federal or State reservation or other Federally recognized tribal group; a
public body; or an individual, provided the borrower is engage in, or proposing
to engage, in a business. Loans can be made for a variety of purposes including
business acquisition, expansion or improvement; purchase of real estate,
machinery and equipment, or supplies; debt refinancing; and working capital. The
rate and term of the loan is negotiated between the business and the lender.

The regulations for the B&I Guaranteed Loan Program were rewritten in 1996 to
streamline and simplify the regulations for the program while shifting primary
responsibility for loan documentation and analysis from the Agency to the
lenders to make the program more responsive to the needs of lenders and rural
businesses.
III. Executive Summary Back to Top
Purpose of the Regulatory Action

The Agency is promulgating these regulations to improve program delivery,
clarify the regulations to make them easier to understand, and reduce
delinquencies. The changes should reduce the cash outflows and increase the cash
inflows associated with the B&I Guaranteed Loan Program portfolio, resulting in
a lower subsidy rate. A lower subsidy rate should result in increased lending
activity, the expansion of business opportunities, and the creation of more jobs
in rural areas. Changes proposed originated from informal third party comments
and Agency experience in administering the program, including observations from
assessment reviews and recommendations from the Agency's internal Business
Programs Advisory Team.

The Agency believes the proposed changes in the rule may increase lending
activity, resulting in the expansion of business opportunities and the creation
of more jobs in rural America, and improve the program's effectiveness by
improving the prosperity of rural residents through guarantees of targeted
investments that may improve rural competitiveness, facilitate industrial
conversion, and enable rural residents to profit from private sector activity.
The revisions contained herein may improve the efficiency and effectiveness of
the program and make the regulation more customer friendly and easier to
understand. The Agency thinks that errors may be reduced because the guidelines
and requirements will be clearer and better organized.

The proposed rule's incremental effect to the public will be to nominally
increase the burden for lenders seeking to be an eligible lender and for "new"
investors in projects that receive B&I loan guarantees after the Loan Note
Guarantee is issued by a total of approximately $4,800 per year. The cost to
participating lenders and borrowers was estimated to be approximately $2.5
million. The cost to the Federal government to administer the program was
estimated to be approximately $2.1 million.
Summary of the Major Provisions of the Regulatory Action

This proposed rule is intended to replace the B Guaranteed Loan Program
regulations under 7 CFR parts 4279 and 4287, which will not significantly depart
from the current program of loan guarantees for businesses in rural areas.

The rule will strengthen criteria for non-regulated lenders to participate in
the program. It will also codify provisions of the 2008 Farm Bill, including two
types of rural area exceptions and eligibility of local foods projects and
cooperative equity security guarantees. The rule also includes provisions for
New Markets Tax Credits and the Cooperative Stock Purchase Program. Changes are
also made to the loan scoring criteria. Loan servicing changes include the
termination of interest accrual to the lender after 90 days from the delinquency
effective date or to a holder 90 days from the date of the first demand letter
from any holder of the guaranteed portion. Additionally, attorney/legal fees
that the lender can claim in the liquidation process will be reduced from full
reimbursement to being shared equally between the lender and the Agency. The
rule also adds the ability to obtain personal and corporate guarantees from
those owning 20 percent of the business when there is a sale of the borrower's
stock.
IV. Discussion of the Proposed Rule Back to Top

Following is a discussion of some of the most significant policy revisions
included in this proposed rule.

Eligible lenders for the program include regulated lenders (formerly known as
"traditional lenders") and Agency-approved non-regulated lenders (formerly known
as "other lenders"). Insurance companies will no longer be considered
traditional or regulated lenders under the program because historically,
insurance companies have had significant default and loss rates in the Agency
B&I Guaranteed Loan portfolio. However, insurance companies will be able to
apply to become Agency-approved eligible lenders by meeting criteria of a
non-regulated lender established in the regulation. Lenders will have to execute
a new Lender's Agreement to originate new guaranteed loans; however, existing
lenders are bound by their existing Lender's Agreements and must continue to
service existing guaranteed loans in their portfolio regardless of whether they
wish to originate new guaranteed loans.

Criteria to become an approved non-regulated lender for the B&I program will be
strengthened under this proposed rule due to higher than usual default and loss
rates for this type of lender in the Agency B&I Guaranteed Loan portfolio.
Non-regulated lenders will be able to become eligible lenders for a 3-year
period and may request renewals to continue originating loans under the program.
Non-regulated lenders will have to have and maintain 10 percent tangible balance
sheet equity, which is up from the 7 percent previously required. Non-regulated
lenders will have to have a record of successfully making at least 10 commercial
loans annually totaling at least $1 million for each of the last 5 years, with
lender's delinquent commercial loan portfolio over that period not exceeding 6
percent of all commercial loans made and 3 percent in commercial loan losses
based on the original principal loan amount. In addition, non-regulated lenders
will have to maintain a loss reserve and undergo a credit examination that must
be acceptable to the Agency. These requirements are being strengthened to ensure
participation in the program by lenders that have a thorough knowledge of
commercial lending and high standards of professional competence to operate a
successful lending program.

Under the B&I program, a rural area is generally any area of a State other than
a city or town that has a population of greater than 50,000 inhabitants and any
urbanized area contiguous and adjacent to such a city or town. In making this
determination, the Agency will use the latest decennial census from the U.S.
Census Bureau. The 2008 Farm Bill added the ability to make two different types
of rural area exceptions, which was incorporated into the Consolidated Farm and
Rural Development Act. Section 343(a)(13)(E) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural
Development Act states: "Notwithstanding any other provision of this definition,
in determining which census blocks in an urbanized area are not in a rural area,
the Agency shall exclude any cluster of census blocks that would otherwise be
considered not in a rural area only because the cluster is adjacent to not more
than two census blocks that are otherwise considered not in a rural area under
this definition." Additionally, the Under Secretary for Rural Development may
determine that areas are "rural in character," and therefore eligible for the
program, under certain circumstances. Any determination made by the Under
Secretary under this provision will be to areas that are determined to be "rural
in character" in accordance with Section 343(a)(13)(D) of the Consolidated Farm
and Rural Development Act and are within: (1) An urbanized area that has two
points on its boundary that are at least 40 miles apart, which is not contiguous
or adjacent to a city or town that has a population of greater than 150,000
inhabitants or the urbanized area of such city or town; or (2) an area within an
urbanized area contiguous and adjacent to a city or town of greater than 50,000
inhabitants that is within a quarter mile of a rural area.

Presently, corporations or other non public-body type borrowers must be at least
51 percent owned by persons who are either citizens of the U.S. or reside in the
U.S. after being legally admitted for permanent residence to be eligible
borrowers under the B&I program. The Agency is inviting public comment on
whether guaranteed loans should be made to businesses that do not meet this
requirement, if the facility being financed will create new or save existing
jobs for rural U.S. residents and when loan funds are used only for fixed assets
that will remain in the U.S. This could provide flexibility to create or save
jobs in rural areas when the business is owned, in whole or in part, by a
foreign interest.

The eligibility section is proposed to be revised to include cooperative equity
security guarantees as eligible loan purposes in accordance with the 2008 Farm
Bill. Separate sections of the regulation specifically address the requirements
for New Markets Tax Credits and cooperative equity security guarantees, as well
as requirements for the cooperative stock purchase program.

The eligibility section is being revised to include projects that process,
distribute, aggregate, store, and/or market locally or regionally produced
agricultural food products to support community development and farm and ranch
income. This is also a provision of the 2008 Farm Bill. The term "locally or
regionally produced agricultural food product" means any agricultural food
product that is raised, produced, and distributed in the locality or region in
which the final product is marketed, so that the distance the product is
transported is less than 400 miles from the origin of the product or within the
State in which the product is produced, as defined by Section 310B(g)(9)(A)(i)
of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act. Food products could be raw,
cooked, or a processed edible substance, beverage, or ingredient used or
intended for use or for sale in whole or in part for human consumption. A
significant amount of the food product sold by the borrower must be locally or
regionally produced, and a significant amount of the locally or regionally
produced food product must be sold locally or regionally. Projects in non-rural
areas may be included when the project provides an economic benefit to the
surrounding rural communities. Funding priority will be given to projects that
provide a benefit to underserved communities. In accordance with Section
310B(g)(9)(A)(ii) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, an
underserved community is a community (including an urban or rural community and
an Indian tribal community) that has limited access to affordable, healthy
foods, including fresh fruits and vegetables, in grocery retail stores or farmer
to consumer direct markets and that has either a high rate of hunger or food
insecurity or a high poverty rate as reflected in the most recent decennial
census.

The ineligible loan purpose section is being modified to permit distribution or
payment to an immediate family member of the owner to accommodate
intergenerational business acquisitions. Previously, no loan proceeds could be
distributed to a close relative of the owner who retained an ownership interest
in the borrower. This is being changed so that an immediate family member of the
owner, partner, or stockholder can purchase the business from an owner, partner
or stockholder when the seller does not retain an ownership interest and the
Agency determines the price paid to be reasonable.

A definition for a high priority project is being added to the rule. A high
priority project is defined in the proposed rule as one that scores more than
half of the points available under the scoring criteria outlined in the priority
scoring section.

In an effort to reduce the cost for the taxpayer, 90 percent guarantees will be
limited to loans of $5 million and less that are either high priority projects
or where the lender needs the higher percentage of guarantee because of its
legal or regulatory lending limit. Additionally, reduced guarantee fees will
only be available on loans of $5 million or less, unless an authorizing statute
provides otherwise (e.g., the Alaska Roadless Areas statute).

Previously, the interest rate on the guaranteed portion of the loan could not
exceed the unguaranteed portion of the loan. This was to prevent the Agency from
paying a higher loss on the guaranteed portion than it otherwise would have if
the interest on the guaranteed portion was equal to or less than the
unguaranteed portion. This requirement has been relaxed to prevent lenders from
having to set floors and ceilings to remain compliant with this requirement. The
proposed rule now allows for the interest rate on the guaranteed portion to be
higher than the unguaranteed portion in situations where a fixed rate on the
guaranteed portion becomes a higher rate than the variable rate on the
unguaranteed portion due to the normal fluctuation in the approved variable
interest rate.

Although credit quality standards have not changed, the credit quality section
is being modified to be in line with the five C's of credit (capacity, capital,
collateral, conditions, character). The Agency's policy on standardized
collateral discounting has also been added. The Agency is adding the ability to
require guarantees from persons whose ownership in the borrower is held
indirectly through other companies.

The Agency is relaxing the requirement for business plans with the application
for loans where the use of loan proceeds is exclusively for debt refinancing and
fees, but has added a requirement for feasibility studies for all biofuels
proposals, whether new or existing. The Agency is also proposing to revise the
requirement for 3 years of historical financial statements for parent,
subsidiary, and affiliated companies to only require current financial
statements. Additionally, the number of attachments that need to be included as
part a complete application for loans of $600,000 and less are reduced.

Loan scoring criteria, which is used to fund projects by priority, is being
modified to award more points for the following: Leveraging B&I program dollars,
the business' loan-to-job ratio, and providing quality jobs. The administrative
points section has also been modified to account for community economic
development strategies and State strategic plans and to allow for the awarding
of points for projects that will fulfill an Agency initiative, such as the
biobased product initiative or the Investing in Manufacturing Communities
Partnership initiative. The proposed rule now allows for 150 possible priority
points.

Loan servicing requirements under the B&I program have been clarified. The
annual conference between the lender and the Agency can be held via
teleconference. This change is not meant to replace a face-to-face annual lender
conference. However, it does give some flexibility when face-to-face lender
visits are not practical. The lender may contract loan servicing activities.
However, the lender remains responsible for complying with all requirements of
the regulations. The contracting out of any loan servicing activities does not
relieve the lender of its responsibility to comply with the statutes and
regulations governing the program. The proposed rule also clarifies that the
Agency will not allow the write-down of debt while leaving the borrower in
business and no new promissory notes may be issued to process a transfer and
assumption since the Loan Note Guarantee references a specifically dated
promissory note(s) with specific amount(s). The lender may use an allonge to the
existing promissory note to facilitate the transaction.

Lenders will also be able to utilize balloon payments to restructure a
guaranteed loan in default in a workout situation as long as there is a
reasonable prospect for success and the remaining life of the collateral
supports the workout terms.

Lenders will provide the loan classification of the guaranteed loan at loan
closing rather than 90 days after the loan has closed. Additionally, lenders
must notify the Agency when a borrower is 30 days past due and cannot cure the
delinquency within 30 days. The lender must also provide a monthly default
status report, as opposed to bimonthly. This will allow the Agency to be more
responsive to delinquencies.

The lender can proceed with liquidation after the loan has been properly
accelerated while the Agency has the liquidation plan under review. This will
allow the lender to take such action as appropriate to protect the interest of
the lender and the Agency while the liquidation plan is under review by the
Agency. The appraisal requirement threshold will be increased from $100,000 to
$250,000 on all collateral being released, and the requirement for a current
appraisal for collateral being liquidated is being increased from $200,000 to
$250,000. The $250,000 threshold is consistent with Office of Management and
Budget (OMB) guidelines set forth in OMB Circular A-129.

The future recoveries section has been modified. The lender must use reasonable
efforts to attempt collection from any party still liable for the guaranteed
loan. Any net proceeds from that effort must be split pro rata between the
lender and the Agency based on the original amount of the loan guarantee. To the
extent any party to the loan has a written agreement with the Agency to repay
all or part of any loss claim paid by the Agency, any collection on that
agreement will not be split with the lender. This is because the Federal
Government has collection remedies available to it that are not available to the
lender and that are not intended to benefit private parties.

Several changes have been made in an effort to reduce the cost to the taxpayer
in guaranteeing business and industry loans. Reasonable attorney/legal fees that
the lender can claim in the liquidation process, as well as a Chapter 7 or
Liquidating 11 bankruptcy, will be reduced from full reimbursement to being
shared equally between the lender and the Agency. The Agency will not allow
default or penalty interest to be charged to the borrower. This could cause the
Agency to pay a loss when a solution could have been possible if the interest
rate had not been increased. Additionally, the proposed rule clarifies that late
payment fees and interest on interest will not be covered by the guarantee. The
Agency has added the ability to require personal or corporate guarantees from
those owning 20 percent or more of the borrower when stock of the borrower is
sold. The ability for the Agency to charge a transfer and assumption fee has
been added to the proposed rule. Notification for any such fee will be published
annually in the Federal Register.

A significant change that is expected to decrease the cost to the taxpayer is
that interest accrual is limited (1) to any holder to 90 days from the date of
the first demand letter from a secondary market holder for payment and (2) to
any lender 90 days from the delinquency effective date. A holder is a person or
entity, other than the lender, who owns all or part of the guaranteed portion of
the loan. The Agency was finding instances where holders were collecting
interest on the guaranteed portion of the loan for a much longer period of time
than other holders on the same loan. This was costing the Agency a substantial
amount of money in interest paid and complicating the administration of the
defaulted loan.
List of Subjects for 7 CFR Parts 4279 and 4287 Back to Top

Loan programs--Business and industry--Rural development assistance
    Economic development
    Energy
    Direct loan programs
    Grant programs
    Guaranteed loan programs
    Renewable energy systems
    Energy efficiency improvements
    and Rural areas

For the reasons set forth in the preamble, parts 4279 and 4287 of title 7 of the
Code of Federal Regulations are proposed to be amended as follows:
begin regulatory text
PART 4279--GUARANTEED LOANMAKING Back to Top

1.The authority citation for part 4279 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1932(a), and 7 U.S.C. 1989.

2.Revise Subpart A to read as follows:
end regulatory text
Subpart A--General Back to Top

Sec.
    4279.1 Introduction.
    4279.2 Definitions and abbreviations.
    4279.3-4279.14 [Reserved]
    4279.15 Exception authority.
    4279.16 Appeals.
    4279.17-4279.28 [Reserved]
    4279.29 Eligible lenders.
    4279.30 Lenders' functions and responsibilities.
    4279.31-4279.43 [Reserved]
    4279.44 Access to Records.
    4279.45-4279.58 [Reserved]
    4279.59 Environmental requirements.
    4279.60 Civil rights impact analysis.
    4279.61 Equal Credit Opportunity Act.
    4279.62-4279.70 [Reserved]
    4279.71 Public bodies and nonprofit corporations.
    4279.72 Conditions of guarantee.
    4279.73 [Reserved]
    4279.74 [Reserved]
    4279.75 Sale or assignment of guaranteed loan.
    4279.76 [Reserved]
    4279.77 Minimum retention.
    4279.78 Repurchase from holder.
    4279.79-4279.83 [Reserved]
    4279.84 Replacement of document.
    4279.85-4279.99 [Reserved]
    4279.100 OMB control number.

Subpart A--General Back to Top
§ 4279.1 Introduction.

(a) This subpart contains general regulations for making and servicing Business
and Industry (B&I) loans guaranteed by the Agency and applies to lenders,
holders, borrowers and other parties involved in making, guaranteeing, holding,
servicing, or liquidating such loans. This subpart is supplemented by subpart B
of this part, which contains loan processing regulations, and subpart B of part
4287 of this chapter, which contains loan servicing regulations.

(b) The lender is responsible for ascertaining that all requirements for making,
securing, servicing, and collecting the loan are complied with.

(c) Whether specifically stated or not, whenever Agency approval is required, it
must be in writing. Copies of all forms, regulations, and instructions
referenced in this subpart may be obtained from any Agency office and from the
USDA Rural Development Web site at www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs. Whenever a form is
designated in this subpart, it is initially capitalized and its reference
includes predecessor and successor forms, if applicable.
§ 4279.2 Definitions and abbreviations.

(a) Definitions.

Administrator. The Administrator of Rural Business-Cooperative Service within
the Rural Development mission area of the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

Affiliate. An entity that is related to another entity by owning shares or
having an interest in the entity, by common ownership, or by any means of
control.

Agency. The Rural Business-Cooperative Service or successor Agency assigned by
the Secretary of Agriculture to administer the B&I program. References to the
National or State Office should be read as prefaced by "Agency" or "Rural
Development" as applicable.

Agricultural production. The cultivation, growing or harvesting of crops and the
breeding, raising, feeding or housing of livestock for fiber or food for human
consumption.

Annual renewal fee. The annual renewal fee is a fee that is paid once a year by
the lender and is required to maintain the enforceability of the Loan Note
Guarantee.

Appraisal surplus. The difference between the fair market value of an asset and
its depreciated book value when the fair market value is higher.

Arm's-length transaction. A transaction between ready, willing, and able
disinterested parties that are not affiliated with or related to each other and
have no security, monetary, or stockholder interest in each other.

Assignment Guarantee Agreement. Form RD 4279-6, "Assignment Guarantee
Agreement," is the signed agreement between the Agency, the lender, and the
holder containing the terms and conditions of an assignment of a guaranteed
portion of a loan, using the single note system.

Biogas. Renewable biomass converted to gaseous fuel.

Biomass. Any organic material that is available on a renewable or recurring
basis including agricultural crops, trees grown for energy production, wood
waste and wood residues, plants, including aquatic plants and grasses, fibers,
animal waste and other waste materials, and fats, oils, greases, including
recycled fats, oils and greases. It does not include paper that is commonly
recycled or unsegregated solid waste.

Bond. A form of debt security in which the authorized issuer (borrower) owes the
bond holder (lender) a debt and is obligated to repay the principal and interest
(coupon) at a later date(s) (maturity). An explanation of the type of bond and
other bond stipulations must be attached to the bond issuance.

Borrower. The person that borrows, or seeks to borrow, money from the lender,
including any party liable for the loan except for guarantors.

Collateral. The asset(s) pledged by the borrower to secure the loan.

Commercially available. A system that has a proven operating history for at
least 1 year specific to the proposed application. Such a system is based on
established design and installation procedures and practices. Professional
service providers, trades, large construction equipment providers, and labor are
familiar with installation procedures and practices. Proprietary and the balance
of system equipment and spare parts are readily available, and service is
readily available to properly maintain and operate the system. An established
warranty exists for major parts and labor. If the system is currently
commercially available only outside of the U.S., authoritative evidence of the
foreign operating history, performance and reliability is required in order to
address the proven operating history.

Conditional Commitment. Form RD 4279-3, "Conditional Commitment," is the
Agency's notice to the lender that the loan guarantee it has requested is
approved subject to the completion of all conditions and requirements set forth
by the Agency and outlined in the attachment to the Conditional Commitment.

Conflict of interest. A situation in which a person has competing personal,
professional, or financial interests that prevents the person from acting
impartially.

Cooperative organization. An entity that is legally chartered as a cooperative
or an entity that is not legally chartered as a cooperative but is owned and
operated for the benefit of its members, with returns of residual earnings paid
to such members on the basis of patronage.

Debt Collection Improvement Act (DCIA). The Debt Collection Improvement Act of
1996, 31 U.S.C. 3701 et seq, requires that any monies that are payable or may
become payable from the United States under contracts and other written
agreements to any person not an agency or subdivision of a State or local
government may be subject to administrative offset for the collection of a
delinquent debt the person owes to the United States.

Default. The condition that exists when a borrower is not in compliance with the
promissory note, the loan agreement, or other related documents evidencing the
loan. Default could be a monetary or non-monetary default.

Deficiency judgment. A monetary judgment rendered by a court of competent
jurisdiction after foreclosure and liquidation of all collateral securing the
loan.

Delinquency. A loan for which a scheduled loan payment is more than 30 days past
due and cannot be cured within 30 days.

Energy projects. Commercially available projects that produce or distribute
energy or power and/or projects that produce biomass or biogas fuel.

Existing business. A business that has been in operation for at least 1 full
year. Mergers or changes in the business name or legal type of entity of a
currently operating business are considered to be existing businesses as long as
there is not a significant change in operations. Newly-formed entities that are
buying existing businesses will be considered an existing business as long as
the business being bought remains in operation and there is no significant
change in operations.

Existing lender debt. A debt owed by a borrower to the same lender that is
applying for or has received the Agency guarantee.

Fair market value. The price that could reasonably be expected for an asset in
an arm's-length transaction between a willing buyer and a willing seller under
ordinary economic and business conditions.

Future recovery. Funds collected by the lender after a final loss claim is
processed.

High impact business development investment. A business that scores at least 20
points under § 4279.166(b)(4).

High priority project. A project that scores more than 50 percent of the
priority points available under § 4279.166(b)(1) through (5).

Holder. A person, other than the lender, who owns all or part of the guaranteed
portion of the loan with no servicing responsibilities. When the single note
option is used and the lender assigns a part of the guaranteed note to an
assignee, the assignee becomes a holder only when the Agency receives notice and
the transaction is completed through use of the Assignment Guarantee Agreement.

Immediate family. Individuals who live in the same household or who are closely
related by blood, marriage, or adoption, such as a spouse, domestic partner,
parent, child, sibling, aunt, uncle, grandparent, grandchild, niece, nephew, or
cousin.

In-house expenses. Expenses associated with activities that are routinely the
responsibility of a lender's internal staff or its agents. In-house expenses
include, but are not limited to, employees' salaries, staff lawyers, travel, and
overhead.

Interest. A fee paid by a borrower to the lender as a form of compensation for
the use of money. When money is borrowed, interest is paid as a fee over a
certain period of time (typically months or years) to the lender as percentage
of the principal amount owed. The term interest does not include default or
penalty interest or late payment fees or charges.

Interim financing. A temporary or short-term loan made with the clear intent
when the loan is made that it will be repaid through another loan that provides
permanent financing. Interim financing is frequently used to pay construction
and other costs associated with a planned project, with permanent financing to
be obtained after project completion.

Lender. The eligible lender approved by the Agency to make, service, and collect
the Agency guaranteed loan that is subject to this subpart. Agency approval of
the lender will be evidenced by an outstanding Form RD 4279-4, "Lender's
Agreement," between the Agency and the lender.

Lender's Agreement. Form RD 4279-4, "Lender's Agreement," or predecessor form,
between the Agency and the lender setting forth the lender's loan
responsibilities.

Liquidation expenses. Costs directly associated with the liquidation of
collateral, including preparing collateral for sale (e.g., repairs and
transport) and conducting the sale (e.g., advertising, public notices,
auctioneer expenses, and foreclosure fees). Liquidation expenses do not include
in-house expenses. Legal/attorney fees are considered liquidation expenses
provided that the fees are reasonable, as determined by the Agency, and cover
legal issues pertaining to the liquidation that could not be properly handled by
the lender and its in-house counsel.

Loan agreement. The agreement between the borrower and lender containing the
terms and conditions of the loan and the responsibilities of the borrower and
lender.

Loan classification. The process by which loans are examined and categorized by
degree of potential loss in the event of default.

Loan Note Guarantee. Form RD 4279-5, "Loan Note Guarantee," or predecessor form,
issued and executed by the Agency containing the terms and conditions of the
guarantee.

Loan packager. A person, other than the applicant borrower or lender, that
prepares a loan application package.

Loan service provider. A person, other than the lender of record, that provides
loan servicing activities to the lender.

Loan-to-discounted value. The ratio of the dollar amount of a loan to the
discounted dollar value of the collateral pledged as security for the loan.

Loan-to-value. The ratio of the dollar amount of a loan to the dollar value of
the collateral pledged as security for the loan.

Local government. A county, municipality, town, township, village, or other unit
of general government, including tribal governments, below the State level.

Material adverse change. Any change in circumstance associated with a guaranteed
loan, including the borrower's financial condition or collateral, that could be
reasonably expected to jeopardize loan performance.

Natural resource value-added product. Any naturally occurring resource,
including agricultural resources, that is processed to add value or the
generation of renewable energy from a natural resource.

Negligent loan origination. The failure of a lender to perform those services
that a reasonably prudent lender would perform in originating its own portfolio
of loans that are not guaranteed. The term includes the concepts of failure to
act, not acting in a timely manner, or acting in a manner contrary to the manner
in which a reasonably prudent lender would act.

Negligent loan servicing. The failure of a lender to perform those services
which a reasonably prudent lender would perform in servicing (including
liquidation of) its own portfolio of loans that are not guaranteed. The term
includes not only the concept of a failure to act, but also not acting in a
timely manner, or acting in a manner contrary to the manner in which a
reasonably prudent lender would act.

New business. A startup or otherwise new business that has been in operation for
less than 1 full year. New businesses include newly-formed entities leasing
space or building ground up facilities, even if the owners of the new or startup
business own affiliated businesses doing the same kind of business.

Parity. A lien position whereby two or more lenders share a security interest of
equal priority in collateral. In the event of default, each lender will be
affected on an equal basis.

Participation. Sale of an interest in a loan by the lead lender to one or more
participating lenders wherein the lead lender retains the note, collateral
securing the note, and all responsibility for managing and servicing the loan.
Participants are dependent upon the lead lender for protection of their
interests in the loan. The relationship is typically formalized by a
participation agreement. The participants and the borrower have no rights or
obligations to one another.

Person. An individual or entity.

Poverty. A community or area is considered a poverty area if the county, city,
or equivalent (such as parish, borough, municipio or census designated place)
where the community or area is located has a population of which 20 percent or
more have income below the poverty line.

Pro rata. On a proportional basis.

Promissory note. Evidence of debt with stipulated repayment terms. "Note" or
"promissory note" shall also be construed to include "Bond" or other evidence of
debt, where appropriate.

Protective advances. Advances made by the lender for the purpose of preserving
and protecting the collateral where the debtor has failed to, and will not or
cannot, meet its obligations to protect or preserve collateral. Protective
advances include, but are not limited to, advances affecting the collateral made
for property taxes, rent, hazard and flood insurance premiums, and annual
assessments. Legal/attorney fees are not a protective advance.

Public body. A municipality, county, or other political subdivision of a State;
a special purpose district; or an Indian tribe on a Federal or State reservation
or other Federally-recognized Indian tribe; or an organization controlled by any
of the above.

Report of loss. Form RD 449-30, "Guaranteed Loan Report of Loss," used by
lenders when reporting a financial loss under an Agency guarantee.

Rural Development. The mission area of USDA that is comprised of the Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, Rural Housing Service, and Rural Utilities Service
and is under the policy direction and operational oversight of the Under
Secretary for Rural Development.

Spreadsheet. A table containing data from a series of financial statements of a
business over a period of time. Financial statement analysis normally contains
spreadsheets for balance sheet and income statement items and includes a cash
flow analysis and commonly used ratios. The spreadsheets enable a reviewer to
easily scan the data, spot trends, and make comparisons.

State. Any of the 50 States of the U.S., the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the
U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern
Mariana Islands, the Republic of Palau, the Federated States of Micronesia, and
the Republic of the Marshall Islands.

Subordination. An agreement among the lender, borrower, and Agency whereby lien
priorities on certain assets pledged to secure payment of the guaranteed loan
will be reduced to a position junior to, or on parity with, the lien position of
another loan in order for the Agency's borrower to obtain additional financing,
not guaranteed by the Agency, from the lender or a third party.

Tangible balance sheet equity. Tangible equity divided by tangible assets.
Formula: ((Assets-intangible assets)-liabilities)/(Assets-intangible assets) or
(Equity-intangible assets)/(Assets-intangible assets)

Transfer and assumption. The conveyance by a borrower to an assuming borrower of
the assets, collateral, and liabilities of the loan in return for the assuming
borrower's binding promise to pay the outstanding debt.

USDA Lender Interactive Network Connection (LINC). The portal Web site currently
at https://usdalinc.sc.egov.usda.gov/ used by lenders to update loan data in the
Agency's Guaranteed Loan System. Current capabilities include loan closing and
status reporting.

Veteran. For the purposes of assigning priority points, a veteran is a person
who is a veteran of any war, as defined in title 38 U.S.C. 101(12).

Working capital. Current assets available to support a business's operations and
growth. Working capital is calculated as current assets less current
liabilities.

(b) Abbreviations.

B&I--Business and Industry

CFR--Code of Federal Regulations

DCIA--Debt Collection Improvement Act

FDIC--Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation

FSA--Farm Service Agency

GAAP--Generally Accepted Accounting Principles of the U.S.

GLS--Guaranteed Loan System

LINC--USDA Lender Interactive Network Connection

NAD--National Appeals Division

OMB--Office of Management and Budget

REAP--Rural Energy for America Program

U.S.--United States of America

USDA--United States Department of Agriculture

(c) Accounting terms. Accounting terms not otherwise defined in this part shall
have the definition ascribed to them under GAAP.
§§ 4279.3-4279.14 [Reserved]
§ 4279.15 Exception authority.

The Administrator may, on a case-by-case basis, grant an exception to any
requirement or provision of this subpart provided that such an exception is in
the best financial interests of the Federal Government. Exercise of this
authority cannot be in conflict with applicable law.
§ 4279.16 Appeals.

Applicants, borrowers, lenders, and holders have appeal or review rights for
Agency decisions made under this subpart, subpart B of this part, or subpart B
of part 4287. Programmatic decisions based on clear and objective statutory or
regulatory requirements are not appealable; however, such decisions are
reviewable for appealability by the NAD. The borrower, lender, and holder can
appeal any Agency decision that directly and adversely impacts them. For an
adverse decision that impacts the borrower, the lender and borrower must jointly
execute a written request for appeal for an alleged adverse decision made by the
Agency. An adverse decision that only impacts the lender may be appealed by the
lender only. An adverse decision that only impacts the holder may be appealed by
the holder only. A decision by a lender adverse to the interest of the borrower
is not a decision by the Agency, whether or not concurred in by the Agency.
Appeals will be conducted by USDA NAD and will be handled in accordance with 7
CFR part 11.
§§ 4279.17-4279.28 [Reserved]
§ 4279.29 Eligible lenders.

An eligible lender must be domiciled in a State as defined in § 4279.2 and must
not be debarred or suspended by the Federal government. If the lender is under a
cease and desist order, or similar constraint, from a Federal agency, the lender
must inform the Agency. The Agency will evaluate the lender's eligibility on a
case-by-case basis given the risk of loss posed by the cease and desist order.
The Agency will only approve loan guarantees for lenders with adequate capital
to fund and cover potential liquidation expenses for guaranteed loans it
proposes to make and adequate experience and expertise to make, secure, service,
and collect B&I loans. The lender must provide documentation as to its capital
and experience in commercial lending. The lender and the Agency will execute a
Lender's Agreement for each lender approved to participate in the program. If a
valid Lender's Agreement already exists, it is not necessary to execute a new
Lender's Agreement with each loan guarantee; however, a new Lender's Agreement
must be executed with any existing lenders making new loans on or after [DATE OF
FINAL RULE PUBLICATION]. The Agency may revoke a lender's eligible status at any
time for cause, including those examples cited in § 4279.29(c).

(a) Regulated lenders. A regulated lender is any Federal or State chartered
bank, Farm Credit Bank, other Farm Credit System institution with direct lending
authority, Bank for Cooperatives, Savings and Loan Association, Savings Bank, or
mortgage company that is part of a bank-holding company. These entities must be
subject to credit examination and supervision by either an agency of the U.S. or
a State. Eligible lenders may also include the National Rural Utilities
Cooperative Finance Corporation and credit unions provided that they are subject
to credit examination and supervision by either the National Credit Union
Administration or a State agency.

(b) Non-regulated lenders. The Agency may consider an applicant lender that does
not meet the criteria of paragraph (a) of this section for eligibility to become
a guaranteed lender for a 3-year period provided that the Agency determines that
the applicant lender has the legal authority to operate a lending program and
sufficient lending expertise and financial strength to operate a successful
lending program. When the applicant lender is a multi-tiered entity, it will be
considered in its entirety. Insurance companies (formerly included as
traditional lenders) and non-regulated lenders (formerly known as other lenders)
previously approved as guaranteed lenders prior to [DATE OF FINAL RULE
PUBLICATION] must reapply to become an approved non-regulated lender in order to
originate new guaranteed loans. However, both insurance companies and
non-regulated lenders that have executed a Lender's Agreement must continue to
service the guaranteed loans in their portfolios in accordance with that
agreement.Show citation box

(1) Non-regulated lenders must:

(i) Have been making commercial loans for at least 5 years;

(ii) Have a record of successfully making at least 10 commercial loans annually
totaling at least $1 million for each of the last 5 years, with lender's
delinquent commercial loan portfolio over this period not exceeding (a) 6
percent of all commercial loans made and (b) 3 percent in commercial loan losses
(based on the original principal loan amount);

(iii) Have and maintain tangible balance sheet equity of at least 10 percent of
tangible assets and sufficient funds available to disburse the guaranteed loans
it proposes to approve within the first 6 months of being approved as a
guaranteed lender;

(iv) Agree to establish and maintain an Agency approved loss reserve equal to 3
percent of each B&I loan closed and agree to increase the loss reserve for
anticipated losses as required by the Agency;

(v) Have adequate policies and procedures to ensure that internal credit
controls provide adequate loanmaking and servicing guidance; and

(vi) Have undergone a credit examination at its own expense from a recognized
independent reviewer acceptable to the Agency. The applicant lender should
consult with the Agency prior to receiving an examination to ensure the examiner
will be acceptable.

(2) A non-regulated lender that wishes consideration to become a guaranteed
lender must submit a request in writing to the Agency. The Agency will notify
the prospective lender whether the lender's request for eligibility is approved
or rejected. If rejected, the Agency will notify the prospective lender, in
writing, of the reasons for the rejection. The lender must include in its
written request the following:

(i) An audited financial statement not more than 1 year old that evidences that
the lender has the required tangible balance sheet equity and the resources to
successfully meet its responsibilities;

(ii) A copy of any license, charter, or other evidence of authority to engage in
the proposed loanmaking and servicing activities. If licensing by the State is
not required, an attorney's opinion stating that licensing is not required and
that the entity has the legal authority to engage in the proposed loanmaking and
servicing activities must be submitted;

(iii) Information on lending experience, including length of time in the lending
business; range and volume of lending and servicing activity, including a list
of the industries for which it has provided financing; status of its loan
portfolio, including a list of loans in the portfolio with each loan's current
loan classification code and delinquency and loss rates as outlined in §
4279.29(b)(1)(ii); experience of management and loan officers; sources of funds
for the proposed loans; office location and proposed lending area; an estimate
of the number and size of guaranteed loan applications the lender will develop;
and proposed rates and fees, including loan origination, loan preparation, and
servicing fees. Such rates and fees must not be greater than those charged by
similarly located regulated commercial lenders in the ordinary course of
business;

(iv) A copy of the examination required under paragraph (b)(1)(vi) of this
section; and

(v) Documentation as to how the lender will fulfill the requirements of §
4279.30.

(3) Renewal of eligible lender status to continue making B&I loans is not
automatic. Eligible lender status will lapse 3 years from the date of Agency
approval and execution of the Lender's Agreement unless the lender obtains a
renewal. A lender whose eligible status has lapsed must continue to service any
outstanding loans guaranteed under this part but may not submit requests for new
loan guarantees. Lenders whose eligibility has lapsed may file a subsequent
request under this subsection. Lenders requesting renewal must complete and
execute a new Lender's Agreement, along with a written update of the eligibility
criteria required by this section for approval. Lenders requesting renewal must
resubmit the information required by paragraph (b)(2) of this section and must
address how the lender is complying with each of the required criteria described
in paragraph (b)(1) of this section. The written update of the eligibility
criteria must also include any change in the persons designated to process and
service Agency guaranteed loans or change in the operating methods used in the
processing and servicing of loans since the original or last renewal date of
eligible lender status. The lender must provide this information to the Agency
at least 60 days prior to the expiration of the existing agreement to be assured
of a timely renewal.

(c) Revocation of eligible lender status. The Agency may revoke a lender's
status at any time for cause. Cause for revoking eligible status includes:

(1) Failure to maintain status as an eligible lender as set forth in § 4279.29
of this subpart;

(2) Knowingly submitting false information when requesting a guarantee or basing
a guarantee request on information known to be false or which the lender should
have known to be false;

(3) Making a guaranteed loan with deficiencies that may cause losses not to be
covered by the Loan Note Guarantee, such as negligent loan origination;

(4) Conviction of the lender or its officers for criminal acts in connection
with any loan transaction whether or not the loan was guaranteed by the Agency;

(5) Violation of usury laws in connection with any loan transaction whether or
not the loan was guaranteed by the Agency;

(6) Failure to obtain and maintain the required security for any loan guaranteed
by the Agency;

(7) Using loan funds guaranteed by the Agency for purposes other than those
specifically approved by the Agency in the Conditional Commitment;

(8) Violation of any term of the Lender's Agreement;

(9) Failure to correct any Agency cited deficiency in loan documents in a timely
manner;

(10) Failure to submit reports required by the Agency in a timely manner;

(11) Failure to process Agency guaranteed loans as would a reasonably prudent
lender;

(12) Failure to provide for adequate construction planning and monitoring in
connection with any loan to ensure that the project will be completed with the
available funds and, once completed, will be suitable for the borrower's needs;

(13) Repetitive recommendations for servicing actions or guaranteed loans with
marginal or substandard credit quality or that do not comply with Agency
requirements;

(14) Negligent loan origination;

(15) Negligent loan servicing;

(16) Failure to conduct any approved liquidation of a loan guaranteed by the
Agency or its predecessors in a timely and effective manner and in accordance
with the approved liquidation plan; or

(17) Violation of applicable nondiscrimination law, including, but not limited
to, statutes, regulations, USDA Departmental Regulations, the Secretary's Civil
Rights Policy Statement, and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act.

(d) Debarment of lender. The Agency may debar a lender in addition to the
revocation of the lender's status.
§ 4279.30 Lenders' functions and responsibilities.

(a) General. (1) Lenders have the primary responsibility for the successful
delivery of the guaranteed loan program. Any action or inaction on the part of
the Agency does not relieve the lender of its responsibilities to originate and
service the loan guaranteed under this subpart, subpart B of this part, and
subpart B of part 4287. Lenders may contract for services but are ultimately
responsible for underwriting, loan origination, loan servicing, and compliance
with all Agency regulations. Agents and persons are prohibited from acting as
both loan packager and loan service provider on the same guaranteed loan. All
lenders obtaining or requesting a loan guarantee are responsible for:

(i) Processing applications for guaranteed loans;

(ii) Developing and maintaining adequately documented loan files, which must be
maintained for at least 3 years after any final loss has been paid;

(iii) Recommending only loan proposals that are eligible and financially
feasible;

(iv) Properly closing the loan and obtaining valid evidence of debt and
collateral in accordance with sound lending practices prior to disbursing loan
proceeds;

(v) Keeping an inventory accounting of all collateral items and reconciling the
inventory of all collateral sold during loan servicing, including liquidation;

(vi) Supervising construction;

(vii) Distributing loan funds;

(viii) Servicing guaranteed loans in a prudent manner, including liquidation if
necessary;

(ix) Reporting all conflicts of interest, or appearances thereof, to the Agency;

(x) Following Agency regulations and agreements; and

(xi) Obtaining Agency approvals or concurrence as required.

(2) This subpart, subpart B of this part, and subpart B of part 4287 contain the
regulations for this program, including the lenders' responsibilities. If a
lender fails to comply with these requirements, the Agency may reduce any loss
payment in accordance with the applicable regulations.

(b) Credit evaluation. The lender must analyze all credit factors associated
with each proposed loan and apply its professional judgment to determine that
the credit factors, considered in combination, ensure loan repayment. The lender
must have an adequate underwriting process to ensure that loans are reviewed by
persons other than the originating officer, and there must be good credit
documentation procedures. The Agency will only guarantee loans that are sound
and have reasonable assurance of repayment. The Agency will not guarantee
marginal or substandard loans.

(c) Environmental responsibilities. Lenders are responsible for becoming
familiar with Federal environmental requirements; considering, in consultation
with the prospective borrower, the potential environmental impacts of their
proposals at the earliest planning stages; and developing proposals that
minimize the potential to adversely impact the environment.

(1) Lenders must assist the borrower in completing Form RD 1940-20, "Request for
Environmental Information," (when required by 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G) or
successor forms; assist in the collection of additional data when the Agency
needs such data to complete its environmental review of the proposal; and assist
in the resolution of environmental problems.

(2) Lenders must ensure the borrower has:

(i) Provided the necessary environmental information to enable the Agency to
undertake its environmental review process in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940,
subpart G, or successor regulations, including the provision of all required
Federal, State, and local permits;

(ii) Complied with any mitigation measures required by the Agency; and

(iii) Not taken any actions or incurred any obligations with respect to the
proposed project that will either limit the range of alternatives to be
considered during the Agency's environmental review process or that will have an
adverse effect on the environment.

(3) Lenders must alert the Agency to any environmental issues related to a
proposed project or items that may require extensive environmental review.
§§ 4279.31--4279.43 [Reserved]
§ 4279.44 Access to records.

The lender must permit representatives of the Agency (or other agencies of the
U.S.) to inspect and make copies of any records of the lender pertaining to
Agency guaranteed loans during regular office hours of the lender or at any
other time upon agreement between the lender and the Agency. In addition, the
lender must cooperate fully with Agency oversight and monitoring of all lenders
involved in any manner with any guarantee to ensure compliance with this
subpart, subpart B of this part, and subpart B of part 4287. Such oversight and
monitoring will include, but is not limited to, reviewing lender records and
meeting with lenders in accordance with subpart B of part 4287.
§§ 4279.45--4279.58 [Reserved]
§ 4279.59 Environmental requirements.

The Agency is responsible for ensuring that the requirements of the National
Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (under 40 CFR part 1500) and related compliance
actions (such as Section 106 of the National Historic Preservation Act (under 36
CFR part 800) and Section 7 of the Endangered Species Act) are met and will
complete the appropriate level of environmental review in accordance with
subpart G of part 1940 or successor regulations. Because development of the loan
application occurs simultaneously with development of the environmental review,
applicants, including lenders and borrowers, must not take any actions or incur
any obligations that would either limit the range of alternatives to be
considered in the environmental review or that would have an adverse effect on
the environment. Satisfactory completion of the environmental review process
must occur prior to issuance of the Conditional Commitment to the lender.
§ 4279.60 Civil Rights Impact Analysis.

Issuance of a Conditional Commitment is conditioned on the Agency being able to
satisfactorily complete a Civil Rights Impact Analysis.
§ 4279.61 Equal Credit Opportunity Act.

In accordance with Title V of 93, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, with respect
to any aspect of a credit transaction, neither the lender nor the Agency will
discriminate against any applicant on the basis of race, color, religion,
national origin, sex, marital status or age (providing the applicant has the
capacity to contract), or because all or part of the applicant's income derives
from a public assistance program, or because the applicant has, in good faith,
exercised any right under the Consumer Protection Act. The lender must comply
with the requirements of the Equal Credit Opportunity Act as contained in the
Federal Reserve Board's Regulation implementing that Act (see 12 CFR part 202)
prior to loan closing.
§§ 4279.62--4279.70 [Reserved]
§ 4279.71 Public bodies and nonprofit corporations.

Any public body or nonprofit corporation that receives a guaranteed loan that
meets the thresholds established by OMB must provide an audit in accordance with
applicable regulations. Any audit meeting OMB's requirements will be adequate to
meet any audit requirements of the B&I program for that year.
§ 4279.72 Conditions of guarantee.

A loan guarantee under this part will be evidenced by a Loan Note Guarantee
issued by the Agency. The provisions of this part and part 4287 will apply to
all outstanding guarantees. In the event of a conflict between the guarantee
documents and these regulations as they exist at the time the documents are
executed, these regulations will control.

(a) Full faith and credit. A guarantee under this part constitutes an obligation
supported by the full faith and credit of the U.S. and is incontestable except
for fraud or misrepresentation of which a lender or holder has actual knowledge
at the time it becomes such lender or holder or which a lender or holder
participates in or condones. The guarantee will be unenforceable to the extent
that any loss is occasioned by a provision for interest on interest or default
or penalty interest. In addition, the guarantee will be unenforceable by the
lender to the extent any loss is occasioned by the violation of usury laws, use
of loan proceeds for unauthorized purposes, negligent loan origination,
negligent servicing, or failure to obtain or maintain the required security
regardless of the time at which the Agency acquires knowledge thereof. Any
losses occasioned will be unenforceable to the extent that loan funds were used
for purposes other than those specifically approved by the Agency in its
Conditional Commitment. The Agency may for cause terminate or reduce the Loan
Note Guarantee at any time. The Agency will guarantee payment as follows:

(1) To any holder, 100 percent of any loss sustained by the holder on the
guaranteed portion of the loan it owns and on interest due on such portion less
any servicing fee. For those loans closed on or after [DATE OF FINAL RULE
PUBLICATION], the guarantee will not cover note interest to any holder after 90
days from the date of the first repurchase demand to the lender made by a
holder. Upon receipt of the first demand letter from a holder, the Agency will
notify any remaining holders known by the Agency in writing that interest will
discontinue after 90 days from the date of the first holder's demand.

(2) To the lender, subject to the provisions of this part and subpart B of part
4287, the lesser of:

(i) Any loss sustained by the lender on the guaranteed portion, including
principal and interest evidenced by the notes or assumption agreements and
secured advances for protection and preservation of collateral made with the
Agency's authorization; or

(ii) The guaranteed principal advanced to or assumed by the borrower and any
interest due thereon.

(b) Rights and liabilities. When a guaranteed portion of a loan is sold to a
holder, the holder will succeed to all rights of the lender under the Loan Note
Guarantee to the extent of the portion purchased. The full, legal interest in
the note must remain with the lender, and the lender will remain bound to all
obligations under the Loan Note Guarantee, Lender's Agreement, and Agency
program regulations. A guarantee and right to require purchase will be directly
enforceable by a holder notwithstanding any fraud or misrepresentation by the
lender or any unenforceability of the guarantee by the lender, except for fraud
or misrepresentation of which the holder had actual knowledge at the time it
became the holder or in which the holder participates in or condones. The lender
will reimburse the Agency for any payments the Agency makes to a holder on the
lender's guaranteed loan that, under the Loan Note Guarantee, would not have
been paid to the lender had the lender retained the entire interest in the
guaranteed loan and not conveyed an interest to a holder.

(c) Payments. A lender will receive all payments of principal and interest on
account of the entire loan and must promptly remit to the holder its pro rata
share thereof, determined according to its respective interest in the loan, less
only the lender's servicing fee.
§ 4279.73 [Reserved]
§ 4279.74 [Reserved]
§ 4279.75 Sale or assignment of guaranteed loan.

The lender may sell all or part of the guaranteed portion of the loan on the
secondary market or retain the entire loan. The lender must fully disburse and
properly close a loan prior to sale of the note(s) on the secondary market. The
lender cannot sell or participate any amount of the guaranteed or unguaranteed
portion of the loan to the borrower or its parent, subsidiary, or affiliate or
to officers, directors, stockholders, other owners, or members of their
immediate families. The lender cannot share any premium received from the sale
of a guaranteed loan in the secondary market with a loan packager or other loan
service provider. If the lender desires to market all or part of the guaranteed
portion of the loan at or subsequent to loan closing, such loan must not be in
default. Lenders may use either the single note or multi-note system as outlined
in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this section.

(a) Single note system. The entire loan is evidenced by one note, and one Loan
Note Guarantee is issued. When the loan is evidenced by one note, the lender may
not at a later date cause any additional notes to be issued. The lender may
assign all or part of the guaranteed portion of the loan to one or more holders
by using Form RD 4279-6, "Assignment Guarantee Agreement." The lender must
complete and execute the Assignment Guarantee Agreement and return it to the
Agency for execution prior to holder execution. The holder, upon written notice
to the lender and the Agency, may reassign the unpaid guaranteed portion of the
loan, in full, sold under the Assignment Guarantee Agreement. Holders may only
reassign the guaranteed portion in the complete Block they have received and
cannot subdivide or further split the guaranteed portion of a loan or retain an
interest strip. Upon notification and completion of the assignment through the
use of Form RD 4279-6, the assignee shall succeed to all rights and obligations
of the holder there under. Subsequent assignments require notice to the lender
and Agency using any format, including that used by the Bond Market Association,
together with the transfer of the original Assignment Guarantee Agreement. The
Agency will neither execute a new Assignment Guarantee Agreement to effect a
subsequent reassignment nor reissue a duplicate Assignment Guarantee Agreement
unless the original was lost, stolen, destroyed, mutilated, or defaced in
accordance with § 4279.84. The Assignment Guarantee Agreement clearly states the
percentage and corresponding amount of the guaranteed portion it represents and
the lender's servicing fee. A servicing fee may be charged by the lender to a
holder and is calculated as a percentage per annum of the unpaid balance of the
guaranteed portion of the loan assigned by the Assignment Guarantee Agreement.
The Agency is not and will not be a party to any contract between the lender and
another party where the lender sells its servicing fee in an arm's length
marketplace transaction. The Agency will not acknowledge, approve, or have any
liability to any of the parties of this contract.

(b) Multinote system. Under this option, the lender may provide one note for the
unguaranteed portion of the loan and no more than ten notes for the guaranteed
portion. All promissory notes must reflect the same payment terms. When the
lender selects this option, the holder will receive one of the borrower's
executed notes and a Loan Note Guarantee. The Agency will issue a Loan Note
Guarantee for each note, including the unguaranteed note, to be attached to each
note. An Assignment Guarantee Agreement will not be used when the multinote
option is utilized.
§ 4279.76 [Reserved]
§ 4279.77 Minimum retention.

The lender is required to hold in its own portfolio a minimum of 5 percent of
the original total loan amount. The amount required to be maintained must be of
the unguaranteed portion of the loan and cannot be participated to another. The
lender may enter into no agreement that reduces its exposure below the minimum 5
percent it is required to retain in its portfolio. The lender may sell the
remaining amount of the unguaranteed portion of the loan only through
participation. The lender must retain title to the notes, retain the lender's
interest in the collateral, and retain the servicing responsibilities for the
guaranteed loan.
§ 4279.78 Repurchase from holder.

(a) Repurchase by lender. A lender has the option to repurchase the unpaid
guaranteed portion of the loan from a holder within 30 days of written demand by
the holder when the borrower is in default not less than 60 days on principal or
interest due on the loan; or when the lender has failed to remit to the holder
its pro rata share of any payment made by the borrower within 30 days of the
lenders receipt thereof. The repurchase by the lender must be for an amount
equal to the unpaid guaranteed portion of principal and accrued interest less
the lender's servicing fee. The holder must concurrently send a copy of the
demand letter to the Agency. For loans closed on or after [DATE OF FINAL RULE
PUBLICATION], the guarantee will not cover note interest to any holder accruing
after 90 days from the date of the first demand letter of a holder to the lender
requesting the repurchase. The lender must accept an assignment without recourse
from the holder upon repurchase. The lender is encouraged to repurchase the loan
to facilitate the accounting of funds, resolve any loan problems, and prevent
default, where and when reasonable. The benefit to the lender is that it may
resell the guaranteed portion of the loan in order to continue collection of its
servicing fee if the default is cured. The lender will notify the holder and the
Agency of its decision.

(b) Agency repurchase. (1) The lender's servicing fee will stop on the date that
interest was last paid by the borrower when the Agency purchases the guaranteed
portion of the loan from a holder. The lender cannot charge such servicing fee
to the Agency and must apply all loan payments and collateral proceeds received
to the guaranteed and unguaranteed portions of the loan on a pro rata basis.

(2) If the Agency repurchases 100 percent of the guaranteed portion of the loan,
the Agency will not continue collection of the annual renewal fee from the
lender.

(3) If the lender does not repurchase the unpaid guaranteed portion of the loan
as provided in paragraph (a) of this section, the Agency will purchase from the
holder the unpaid principal balance of the guaranteed portion together with
accrued interest to date of repurchase, less the lender's servicing fee, within
30 days after written demand to the Agency from the holder. For loans closed on
or after [DATE OF FINAL RULE PUBLICATION], the guarantee will not cover note
interest to any holder accruing after 90 days from the date of the first demand
letter of a holder to the lender requesting the repurchase. Accrued interest
paid to the holder will be calculated from the date interest was last paid on
the loan with a cutoff date being not more than 90 days from the date any holder
makes demand. If there is more than one holder, all subsequent holders will be
paid using the same date as the first holder (first holder's date of demand to
the lender). Once the holder makes demand upon the Agency, the request cannot be
rescinded.

(4) When the guaranteed loan has been delinquent more than 60 days and no holder
comes forward, the Agency may issue a letter to the holder(s) establishing the
cutoff date for interest accrual. Accrued interest to be paid the holder will be
calculated from the date interest was last paid on the loan with a cutoff date
being no more than 90 days from the date of the most recent delinquency
effective date as reported by the lender.

(5) When the lender has accelerated the account and the lender holds all or a
portion of the guaranteed loan, an estimated loss claim (loan in the liquidation
process) must be filed by the lender with the Agency within 60 days. Accrued
interest paid to the lender will be calculated from the date interest was last
paid on the loan with a cutoff date being no more than 90 days from the most
recent delinquency effective date as reported by the lender.

(6) The holder's demand to the Agency must include a copy of the written demand
made upon the lender. The holder must also include evidence of its right to
require payment from the Agency. Such evidence must consist of either the
original of the Loan Note Guarantee properly endorsed to the Agency or the
original of the Assignment Guarantee Agreement properly assigned to the Agency
without recourse including all rights, title, and interest in the loan. When the
single-note system is utilized and the initial holder has sold its interest, the
current holder must present the original Assignment Guarantee Agreement and an
original of each Agency approved reassignment document in the chain of
ownership, with the latest reassignment being assigned to the Agency without
recourse, including all rights, title, and interest in the guarantee. The holder
must include in its demand the amount due including unpaid principal, unpaid
interest to date of demand, and interest subsequently accruing from date of
demand to proposed payment date. The Agency will be subrogated to all rights of
the holder.

(7) Upon request by the Agency, the lender must promptly furnish a current
statement certified by an appropriate authorized officer of the lender of the
unpaid principal and interest then owed by the borrower on the loan and the
amount then owed to any holder, along with the information necessary for the
Agency to determine the appropriate amount due the holder. Any discrepancy
between the amount claimed by the holder and the information submitted by the
lender must be resolved between the lender and the holder before payment will be
approved. Such conflict will suspend the running of the 30 day payment
requirement.

(8) Purchase by the Agency neither changes, alters, nor modifies any of the
lender's obligations to the Agency arising from the loan or guarantee nor does
it waive any of Agency's rights against the lender. The Agency will have the
right to set-off against the lender all rights inuring to the Agency as the
holder of the instrument against the Agency's obligation to the lender under the
program.

(c) Repurchase for servicing. If, in the opinion of the lender, repurchase of
the guaranteed portion of the loan is necessary to adequately service the loan,
the holder must sell the guaranteed portion of the loan to the lender for an
amount equal to the unpaid principal and interest on such portion less the
lender's servicing fee. The lender must not repurchase from the holder for
arbitrage or other purposes to further its own financial gain. Any repurchase
must only be made after the lender obtains the Agency's written approval. If the
lender does not repurchase the guaranteed portion from the holder, the Agency
may, at its option, purchase such guaranteed portion for servicing purposes.
§§ 4279.79-4279.83 [Reserved]
§ 4279.84 Replacement of document.

(a) The Agency may issue a replacement Loan Note Guarantee or Assignment
Guarantee Agreement that was lost, stolen, destroyed, mutilated, or defaced to
the lender or holder upon receipt of an acceptable certificate of loss and an
indemnity bond.

(b) When a Loan Note Guarantee or Assignment Guarantee Agreement is lost,
stolen, destroyed, mutilated, or defaced while in the custody of the lender or
holder, the lender must coordinate the activities of the party who seeks the
replacement documents and must submit the required documents to the Agency for
processing. The requirements for replacement are as follows:

(1) A certificate of loss, notarized and containing a jurat, which includes:

(i) Name and address of owner;

(ii) Name and address of the lender of record;

(iii) Capacity of person certifying;

(iv) Full identification of the Loan Note Guarantee or Assignment Guarantee
Agreement including the name of the borrower, the Agency's case number, date of
the Loan Note Guarantee or Assignment Guarantee Agreement, face amount of the
evidence of debt purchased, date of evidence of debt, present balance of the
loan, percentage of guarantee, and, if an Assignment Guarantee Agreement, the
original named holder and the percentage of the guaranteed portion of the loan
assigned to that holder. Any existing parts of the document to be replaced must
be attached to the certificate;

(v) A full statement of circumstances of the loss, theft, destruction,
defacement, or mutilation of the Loan Note Guarantee or Assignment Guarantee
Agreement; and

(vi) For the holder, evidence demonstrating current ownership of the Loan Note
Guarantee and promissory note or the Assignment Guarantee Agreement. If the
present holder is not the same as the original holder, a copy of the endorsement
of each successive holder in the chain of transfer from the initial holder to
present holder must be included. If copies of the endorsement cannot be
obtained, best available records of transfer must be submitted to the Agency
(e.g., order confirmation, canceled checks, etc.).

(2) An indemnity bond acceptable to the Agency must accompany the request for
replacement except when the holder is the United States, a Federal Reserve Bank,
a Federal corporation, a State or territory, or the District of Columbia. The
bond must be with surety except when the outstanding principal balance and
accrued interest due the present holder is less than $1 million verified by the
lender in writing in a letter of certification of balance due. The surety must
be a qualified surety company holding a certificate of authority from the
Secretary of the Treasury and listed in Treasury Department Circular 570.

(3) All indemnity bonds must be issued and payable to the United States of
America acting through the Agency. The bond must be in an amount not less than
the unpaid principal and interest. The bond must hold the Agency harmless
against any claim or demand that might arise or against any damage, loss, costs,
or expenses that might be sustained or incurred by reasons of the loss or
replacement of the instruments.

(4) In those cases where the guaranteed loan was closed under the provision of
the multinote system, the Agency will not attempt to obtain, or participate in
the obtaining of, replacement notes from the borrower. The holder is responsible
for bearing the costs of note replacement if the borrower agrees to issue a
replacement instrument. Should such note be replaced, the terms of the note
cannot be changed. If the evidence of debt has been lost, stolen, destroyed,
mutilated or defaced, such evidence of debt must be replaced before the Agency
will replace any instruments.
§§ 4279.85-4279.99 [Reserved]
§ 4279.100 OMB control number.

The information collection requirements contained in this regulation have been
approved by OMB and have been assigned OMB control number ___. Public reporting
burden for this collection of information is estimated to vary from 30 minutes
to 12 hours per response, with an average of 6 hours per response, including
time for reviewing the collection of information. The burden may increase beyond
the estimate reported here, if RBS determines additional data will need to be
collected to facilitate evaluation, which can enhance the operation and
performance of the program. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any
other aspect of this collection of information, including suggestions for
reducing this burden, to the Department of Agriculture, Clearance Officer, OIRM,
Stop 7630, Washington, DC 20250. You are not required to respond to this
collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB control
number.
begin regulatory text

3.Revise Subpart B to read as follows:
end regulatory text

Subpart B--Business and Industry Loans
    Sec.
    4279.101 Introduction.
    4279.102 Definitions and abbreviations.
    4279.103 Exception Authority.
    4279.104 Appeals.
    4279.105-4279.107 [Reserved]
    4279.108 Eligible borrowers.
    4279.109-4279.112 [Reserved]
    4279.113 Eligible uses of funds.
    4279.114 [Reserved]
    4279.115 Cooperative stock/cooperative equity.
    4279.116 New Markets Tax Credit program.
    4279.117 Ineligible purposes and entity types.
    4279.118 [Reserved]
    4279.119 Loan guarantee limits.
    4279.120 Fees and charges.
    4279.121-4279.124 [Reserved]
    4279.125 Interest rates.
    4279.126 Loan terms.
    4279.127-4279.130 [Reserved]
    4279.131 Credit quality.
    4279.132 Personal and corporate guarantees.
    4279.133-4279.135 [Reserved]
    4279.136 Insurance.
    4279.137 Financial statements.
    4279.138-4279.143 [Reserved]
    4279.144 Appraisals.
    4279.145-4279.149 [Reserved]
    4279.150 Feasibility studies.
    4279.151-4279.160 [Reserved]
    4279.161 Filing preapplications and applications.
    4279.162-4279.164 [Reserved]
    4279.165 Evaluation of application.
    4279.166 Loan priority scoring.
    4279.167 Planning and performing development.
    4279.168 Timeframe for processing applications.
    4279.169-4279.172 [Reserved]
    4279.173 Loan approval and obligating funds.
    4279.174 Transfer of lenders.
    4279.175-4279.179 [Reserved]
    4279.180 Changes in borrower.
    4279.181 Conditions precedent to issuance of the Loan Note Guarantee.
    4279.182-4279.186 [Reserved]
    4279.187 Refusal to execute Loan Note Guarantee.
    4279.188-4279.199 [Reserved]
    4279.200 OMB control number.

begin regulatory text
PART 4279--GUARANTEED LOANMAKING Back to Top
Subpart B--Business and Industry Loans Back to Top
§ 4279.101 Introduction.

(a) Content. This subpart contains loan processing regulations for the Business
and Industry (B&I) Guaranteed Loan Program. It is supplemented by subpart A of
this part, which contains general guaranteed loan regulations, and subpart B of
part 4287 of this chapter, which contains loan servicing regulations.

(b) Purpose. The purpose of the B&I Guaranteed Loan Program is to improve,
develop, or finance business, industry, and employment and improve the economic
and environmental climate in rural communities. This purpose is achieved by
bolstering the existing private credit structure through the guarantee of
quality loans that will provide lasting community benefits. It is not intended
that the guarantee authority will be used for marginal or substandard loans or
for relief of lenders having such loans.

(c) Documents. Whether specifically stated or not, whenever Agency approval is
required, it must be in writing. Copies of all forms, regulations, and
Instructions referenced in this subpart may be obtained from any Agency office
and from the USDA Rural Development Web site at www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs.
Whenever a form is designated in this subpart, that designation includes
predecessor and successor forms, if applicable, as specified by the Agency.
§ 4279.102 Definitions and abbreviations.

The definitions and abbreviations in § 4279.2 of this chapter are applicable to
this subpart.
§ 4279.103 Exception Authority.

Section 4279.15 of this chapter applies to this subpart.
§ 4279.104 Appeals.

Section 4279.16 of this chapter applies to this subpart.
§§ 4279.105-4279.107 [Reserved]
§ 4279.108 Eligible borrowers.

(a) Type of entity. A borrower may be a cooperative organization, corporation,
partnership, or other legal entity organized and operated on a profit or
nonprofit basis; an Indian tribe on a Federal or State reservation or other
Federally recognized tribal group; a public body; or an individual. A borrower
must be engaged in or proposing to engage in a business. Business may include
manufacturing, wholesaling, retailing, providing services, or other activities
that will provide employment and improve the economic or environmental climate.

(b) Citizenship. Individual borrowers must be citizens of the United States
(U.S.) or reside in the U.S. after being legally admitted for permanent
residence. For purposes of this subpart, citizens and residents of the Republic
of Palau, the Federated States of Micronesia, American Samoa, and the Republic
of the Marshall Islands are considered U.S. citizens. Corporations or other non
public-body type borrowers must be at least 51 percent owned by persons who are
either citizens of the U.S. or reside in the U.S. after being legally admitted
for permanent residence. Individuals that reside in the U.S. after being legally
admitted for permanent residence must provide a permanent green card as evidence
of eligibility.

(c) Rural area. The business financed with a guaranteed loan under this subpart
must be located in a rural area, except for cooperative organizations financed
in accordance with § 4279.113(j)(2) and local foods projects financed in
accordance with § 4279.113(x)(2). Loans to borrowers with facilities located in
both rural and non-rural areas will be limited to the amount necessary to
finance the facility located in the eligible rural area, except for those
cooperative organizations financed in accordance with § 4279.113(j)(2) and those
local foods projects financed in accordance with § 4279.113(x)(2).

(1) Rural areas are any area of a State other than a city or town that has a
population of greater than 50,000 inhabitants and any urbanized area contiguous
and adjacent to such a city or town. In making this determination, the Agency
will use the latest decennial census of the U.S.

(2) For the purposes of this definition, cities and towns are incorporated
population centers with definite boundaries, local self government, and legal
powers set forth in a charter granted by the State.

(3) For the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the island is considered rural, except
for the San Juan Census Designated Place (CDP) and any other CDP with greater
than 50,000 inhabitants. However, CDPs with greater than 50,000 inhabitants,
other than the San Juan CDP, may be eligible if they are determined to be "not
urban in character."

(4) For the State of Hawaii, all areas within the State are considered rural,
except for the Honolulu CDP within the County of Honolulu.

(5) For the Republic of Palau, the Federated States of Micronesia, American
Samoa, and the Republic of the Marshall Islands, the Agency will determine what
constitutes a rural area based on available population data.

(6) Notwithstanding any other provision of this definition, in determining which
census blocks in an urbanized area are not in a rural area, the Agency will
exclude any cluster of census blocks that would otherwise be considered not in a
rural area only because the cluster is adjacent to not more than two census
blocks that are otherwise considered not in a rural area under this definition.

(7)(i) The Under Secretary, whose authority may not be redelegated, may
determine that an area is "rural in character." Any determination made by the
Under Secretary under this provision will be to areas that are determined to be
"rural in character" and are within:

(A) An urbanized area that has two points on its boundary that are at least 40
miles apart, which is not contiguous or adjacent to a city or town that has a
population of greater than 150,000 inhabitants or the urbanized area of such
city or town; or

(B) An area within an urbanized area contiguous and adjacent to a city or town
of greater than 50,000 inhabitants that is within1/4mile of a rural area.

(ii) Units of local government may petition the Under Secretary for a "rural in
character" designation by submitting a petition to both the appropriate Rural
Development State Director and the Administrator on behalf of the Under
Secretary. The petition must document how the area meets the requirements of
paragraph (c)(7) of this section and discuss why the petitioner believes the
area is "rural in character," including, but not limited to, the area's
population density; demographics; topography; and how the local economy is tied
to a rural economic base. Upon receiving a petition, the Under Secretary will
consult with the applicable Governor and Rural Development State Director and
request comments within 10 business days, unless those comments were submitted
with the petition. The Under Secretary will release to the public a notice of a
petition filed by a unit of local government not later than 30 days after
receipt of the petition by way of notice in a local newspaper and notice on the
applicable Rural Development State Office Web site. The Under Secretary will
make a determination not less than 15 days, but no more than 60 days, after the
release of the notice. The public notice will appear for at least 3 consecutive
days if published in a daily newspaper or otherwise in two consecutive
publications. Upon a negative determination, the Under Secretary will provide to
the petitioner an opportunity to appeal a determination to the Under Secretary
for reconsideration, and the petitioner will have 10 business days to appeal the
determination and provide further information for consideration.

(d) Other credit. All applications for assistance will be accepted and processed
without regard to the availability of credit from any other source.

(e) Prohibition under Agency programs. No loans guaranteed by the Agency will be
conditioned on any requirement that the recipients of such assistance accept or
receive electric or other services from any particular utility, supplier, or
cooperative.
§§ 4279.109-4279.112 [Reserved]
§ 4279.113 Eligible uses of funds.

Eligible uses of funds must be consistent with § 4279.101(b) of this subpart and
include, but are not limited, to the following:

(a) Purchase and development of land, buildings, and associated infrastructure,
including expansion or modernization.

(b) Business acquisitions provided that jobs will be created or saved.

(c) Leasehold improvements when the lease contains no reverter clauses or
restrictive clauses that would impair the use or value of the property as
security for the loan. The term of the lease must be equal to or greater than
the term of the loan.

(d) Constructing or equipping facilities for lease to private businesses engaged
in commercial or industrial operations. Financing for mixed-use properties
involving both commercial business and residential space is authorized provided
that not less than 50 percent of the building's projected revenue will be
generated from business use.

(e) Purchase of machinery and equipment.

(f) Startup costs, working capital, inventory, and supplies in the form of a
permanent working capital term loan.

(g) Debt refinancing when it is determined that the project is viable and
refinancing is necessary to improve cash flow and create new or save existing
jobs. Debt being refinanced must be debt of the borrower reflected on its
balance sheet, and the lender's analysis must document that the debt being
refinanced was for an eligible loan purpose under this subpart. Except as
provided for in paragraph (k)(3) of this section, existing lender debt may be
included provided that, at the time of application, the loan being refinanced
has been closed and current for at least the past 12 months (current status
cannot be achieved by the lender forgiving the borrower's debt or servicing
actions that impact the borrower's repayment schedule), and the lender is
providing better rates or terms. Unless the amount to be refinanced is owed
directly to the Federal government or is Federally guaranteed, the existing
lender debt refinancing must be less than 50 percent of the overall loan.

(h) Takeout of interim financing. Guaranteeing a loan that provides for
permanent, long-term financing after project completion to pay off a lender's
interim loan will not be treated as debt refinancing provided that the lender
submits a complete preapplication or application that proposes such interim
financing prior to closing the interim loan. The borrower must take no action
that would have an adverse impact on the environment or limit the range of
alternatives to be considered by the Agency during the environmental review
process. The Agency will not guarantee takeout of interim financing loans that
prevent a meaningful environmental assessment prior to Agency loan approval.
Even for projects with interim financing, the Agency cannot approve the loan and
issue a Conditional Commitment until the environmental process is complete. The
Agency assumes no responsibility or obligation for interim loans.

(i) Purchase of membership, stocks, bonds, or debentures necessary to obtain a
loan from Farm Credit System institutions and other lenders provided that the
purchase is required for all of their borrowers and is the minimum amount
required.

(j) Loans to cooperative organizations.

(1) Guaranteed loans to eligible cooperative organizations may be made in
principal amounts up to $40 million if the project is located in a rural area,
the cooperative facility being financed provides for the value-added processing
of agricultural commodities, and the total amount of loans exceeding $25 million
does not exceed 10 percent of the funds available for the fiscal year.

(2) Guaranteed loans to eligible cooperative organizations may also be made in
non-rural areas provided:

(i) The primary purpose of the loan is for a facility to provide value-added
processing for agricultural producers that are located within 80 miles of the
facility;

(ii) The applicant satisfactorily demonstrates that the primary benefit of the
loan will be to provide employment for rural residents;

(iii) The principal amount of the loan does not exceed $25 million; and

(iv) The total amount of loans guaranteed under this paragraph does not exceed
10 percent of the funds available for the fiscal year.

(3) An eligible cooperative organization may refinance an existing B&I loan
provided that the existing loan is current and performing; the existing loan is
not and has not been in monetary default (more than 30 days late) or the
collateral of which has not been converted; and there is adequate security or
full collateral for the new guaranteed loan.

(k) The purchase of cooperative stock by individual farmers or ranchers in a
farmer or rancher cooperative in accordance with § 4279.115(a).

(l) The purchase of preferred stock or similar equity issued by a cooperative
organization or a fund that invests primarily in cooperative organizations in
accordance with § 4279.115(b).

(m) Taxable corporate bonds when the bonds are fully amortized and comply with
all provisions of § 4279.126, and the bond holder (lender) retains 5 percent of
the bond in accordance with § 4279.77. The bonds must be fully secured with
collateral in accordance with § 4279.131(b). The bonds must only provide for a
trustee when the trustee is totally under the control of the lender. The bonds
must provide no rights to bond holders other than the right to receive the
payments due under the bond. For instance, the bonds must not provide for bond
holders replacing the trustee or directing the trustee to take servicing
actions, such as accelerating the bonds. Convertible bonds are not eligible
under this paragraph due to the potential conflict of interest of a lender
having an ownership interest in the borrower.

(1) The bond issuer (borrower) must not issue more than 11 bonds with no more
than 10 of those bonds being guaranteed under this program. The bond issuer must
obtain the services and opinion of an experienced bond counsel who must present
a legal opinion stating that the bonds are legal, valid and binding obligations
of the issuer and that the issuer has adhered to all applicable laws.

(2) The bond holder must purchase all of the bonds and comply with all Agency
regulations. There must be a bond purchase agreement between the issuer and the
bond holder. The bond purchase agreement must contain similar language to what
is required to be in a loan agreement in accordance with § 4279.161(b)(11) and
must not be in conflict with subparts A or B of part 4279 or subpart B of part
4287. The bond holder is responsible for all servicing of the loan (bond),
although the bond holder may contract for servicing assistance, including
contracting with a trustee who remains under the lender's total control.

(n) Interest (including interest on interim financing) during the period before
the first principal payment becomes due or when the facility becomes income
producing, whichever is earlier.

(o) Fees and charges outlined in § 4279.120(a), (c) and (d).

(p) Feasibility studies.

(q) Agricultural production, when not eligible for Farm Service Agency (FSA)
farmer program assistance and when it is part of an integrated business also
involved in the processing of agricultural products. Any agricultural production
considered for guaranteed loan financing must be owned, operated, and maintained
by the business receiving the loan for which a guarantee is provided. Except for
cooperative stock purchase loans in accordance with § 4279.115(a), independent
agricultural production operations are not eligible, even if not eligible for
FSA farmer programs assistance.

(1) The agricultural-production portion of any loan must not exceed 50 percent
of the total loan or $5 million, whichever is less.

(2) This paragraph does not preclude financing the following types of
businesses:

(i) Commercial nurseries engaged in the production of ornamental plants; trees
and other nursery products, such as bulbs, flowers, shrubbery, flower and
vegetable seeds, sod, and the growing of plants from seed to the transplant
stage; and forestry, which includes businesses primarily engaged in the
operation of timber tracts, tree farms, forest nurseries, and related activities
such as reforestation.

(ii) The growing of mushrooms or hydroponics.

(iii) The boarding and/or training of animals.

(iv) Commercial fishing.

(v) Aquaculture, including conservation, development, and utilization of water
for aquaculture.

(r) Educational or training facilities.

(s) Industries undergoing adjustment from terminated Federal agricultural price
and income support programs or increased competition from foreign trade.

(t) Community facility projects that are not listed as an ineligible loan
purpose in § 4279.117.

(u) Tourist and recreation facilities, including hotels, motels, and bed and
breakfast establishments, except as prohibited under ineligible purposes in §
4279.117.

(v) Pollution control and abatement.

(w) Energy projects that are not eligible under 7 CFR 4280, subpart B, Rural
Energy for America Program, unless sufficient funding is not available under
subpart B of part 4280, and when the facility has been constructed according to
plans and specifications and is producing at the quality and quantity projected
in the application. Eligible energy projects must be commercially available.
Eligible energy projects also include those that reduce reliance on nonrenewable
energy resources by encouraging the development and construction of solar energy
systems and other renewable energy systems (including wind energy systems and
anaerobic digesters for the purpose of energy generation), including the
modification of existing systems in rural areas.

(1) Projects that produce biomass fuel or biogas as an output must utilize
commercially available technologies and have completed two operating cycles at
design performance levels prior to issuance of a Loan Note Guarantee.

(2) Projects that produce steam or electricity as an output must have met
acceptance test performance criteria acceptable to the Agency and be
successfully interconnected with the purchaser of the output. An executed power
purchase agreement acceptable to the Agency will be required prior to issuance
of a Loan Note Guarantee.

(3) Performance or acceptance test requirements for all other energy projects
will be determined by the Agency on a case-by-case basis.

(x) Projects that process, distribute, aggregate, store, and/or market locally
or regionally produced agricultural food products to support community
development and farm and ranch income, subject to each of the following:

(1) The term "locally or regionally produced agricultural food product" means
any agricultural food product that is raised, produced, and distributed in the
locality or region in which the final product is marketed, so that the distance
the product is transported is less than 400 miles from the origin of the
product, or within the State in which the product is produced. Food products
could be raw, cooked, or a processed edible substance, beverage, or ingredient
used or intended for use or for sale in whole or in part for human consumption.

(2) Projects in non-rural areas may be included when the project provides an
economic benefit to the surrounding rural communities.

(3) A significant amount of the food product sold by the borrower is locally or
regionally produced, and a significant amount of the locally or regionally
produced food product is sold locally or regionally.

(4) The borrower must include in an appropriate agreement, with retail and
institutional facilities to which the borrower sells locally or regionally
produced agricultural food products, a requirement to inform consumers of the
retail or institutional facilities that the consumers are purchasing or
consuming locally or regionally produced agricultural food products.

(5) The Agency will give funding priority to projects that provide a benefit to
underserved communities in accordance with § 4279.166(b)(4)(i)(G). An
underserved community is a community (including an urban or rural community and
an Indian tribal community) that has limited access to affordable, healthy
foods, including fresh fruits and vegetables, in grocery retail stores or farmer
to consumer direct markets and that has either a high rate of hunger or food
insecurity or a high poverty rate as reflected in the most recent decennial
census or other Agency approved census.
§ 4279.114 [Reserved]
§ 4279.115 Cooperative stock/cooperative equity.

(a) Cooperative stock purchase program. The Agency may guarantee loans for the
purchase of cooperative stock by individual farmers or ranchers in a farmer or
rancher cooperative established for the purpose of processing an agricultural
commodity. The cooperative may use the proceeds from the stock sale to
recapitalize, to develop a new processing facility or product line, or to expand
an existing production facility. The cooperative may contract for services to
process agricultural commodities or otherwise process value-added agricultural
products during the 5-year period beginning on the operation startup date of the
cooperative in order to provide adequate time for the planning and construction
of the processing facility of the cooperative. Loan proceeds must remain in the
cooperative from which stock was purchased, and the cooperative must not
reinvest those funds into another entity.

(1) The maximum loan amount is the threshold established in § 4279.161(c), and
all applications will be processed in accordance with § 4279.161(c).

(2) The maximum term is 7 years.

(3) The lender will, at a minimum, obtain a valid lien on the stock, an
assignment of any patronage refund, and the ability to transfer the stock to
another party, or otherwise liquidate and dispose of the collateral in the event
of a borrower default.

(4) The lender must complete a written credit analysis of each stock purchase
loan and a complete credit analysis of the cooperative prior to making its first
stock purchase loan.

(5) The borrower may provide financial information in the manner that is
generally required by commercial agricultural lenders.

(6) A feasibility study of the cooperative is required for startup cooperatives
and may be required by the Agency for existing cooperatives when the
cooperative's operations will be significantly affected by the proceeds that
were generated from the stock sale.

(7) The Agency will conduct an appropriate environmental assessment on the
processing facility and will not process individual applications for the
purchase of stock until the environmental assessment on the cooperative
processing facility is completed. Typically, an individual loan for the purchase
of cooperative stock is considered a categorical exclusion.

(b) Cooperative equity security guarantees. The Agency may guarantee loans for
the purchase of preferred stock or similar equity issued by a cooperative
organization or for a fund that invests primarily in cooperative organizations.
In either case, the guarantee must significantly benefit one or more entities
eligible for assistance under the B&I program.

(1) "Similar equity" is any special class of equity stock that is available for
purchase by non-members and/or members and lacks voting and other governance
rights.

(2) A fund that invests "primarily" in cooperative organizations is determined
by its percentage share of investments in and loans to cooperatives. A fund
portfolio must have at least 50 percent of its loans and investments in
cooperatives to be considered eligible for loan guarantees for the purchase of
preferred stock or similar equity.

(3) The principal amount of the loan will not exceed $10 million.

(4) The maximum term is 7 years or no longer than the specified holding period
for redemption as stated by the stock offering, whichever is less.

(5) All borrowers purchasing preferred stock or similar equity must provide a
prospectus on the preferred stock being offered and financial information about
the issuer of the preferred stock to both the lender and the Agency.

(6) Issuer(s) of preferred stock must be a cooperative organization or a fund
and must be able to issue preferred stock to the public in accordance with the
securities' regulations as set forth by the Securities and Exchange Commission
and any other applicable regulatory body, if required.

(7) A fund must use a loan guaranteed under this subpart to purchase preferred
stock that is issued by cooperatives.

(8) The lender will, at a minimum, obtain a valid lien on the preferred stock,
an assignment of any patronage refund, and the ability to transfer the stock to
another party, or otherwise liquidate and dispose of the collateral in the event
of a borrower default. For the purpose of recovering losses from loan defaults,
lenders may take ownership of all equities purchased with such loans, including
additional shares derived from re-investment of dividends.

(9) Shares of preferred stock that are purchased with guaranteed loan proceeds
cannot be converted to common or voting stock.

(10) In the absence of adequate provisions for investors' rights to early
redemption of preferred stock or similar equity, a borrower must request from a
cooperative or fund issuing such equities a contingent waiver of the holding or
redemption period in advance of share purchases. This contingent waiver provides
that in the event a borrower defaults on a loan financed under the guaranteed
loan program, the borrower waives any ownership rights in the stock, and the
lender and Agency will then have the right to redeem the stock.

(11) Guaranteed loans for the purchase of preferred stock must be pre-paid in
the event a cooperative or fund that issued the stock has either exercised an
early redemption or subsequently enters into bankruptcy.
§ 4279.116 New Markets Tax Credit program.

This section identifies the provisions specific to guaranteed loans involving
projects that include new markets tax credits available under the New Markets
Tax Credit (NMTC) program. Such applicants and applications must comply with the
provisions in subparts A and B of this part, except as modified in this section.

(a) NMTC eligible lenders. To be an eligible lender for a loan guarantee that
involves NMTC, the organization must meet the applicable eligibility criteria in
§ 4279.29 as otherwise modified by paragraphs (a)(1) and (2) of this section.

(1) Sub-entities under the control of a non-regulated lender approved as a
lender for this program do not need to separately meet the requirements of §
4279.29(b). An eligible non-regulated lender may modify its list of eligible
sub-entities under its control at any time by notifying the Agency in writing.

(2) In order to take advantage of the requirement exemption in paragraph (a)(1)
of this section, the non-regulated lender must include in its application to be
a lender each sub-entity under its control and must clearly define the
multiple-entity organizational and control structure. In addition, the lender
must include each such sub-entity in the audited financial statements,
commercial loan portfolio, and commercial loan performance statistics.

(b) NMTC eligible purposes. The provisions of § 4279.117(r) notwithstanding, a
lender that is a Department of Treasury certified Community Development Entity
(CDE) or subsidiary of a CDE (sub-CDE) may have an ownership interest in the
borrower provided that each of the conditions specified in paragraphs (b)(1)
through (4) of this section is met.

(1) The lender does not have an ownership interest in the borrower prior to the
guaranteed loan application.

(2) The lender does not take a controlling interest in the borrower.

(3) The lender cannot provide equity or take an ownership interest in a borrower
at a level that would result in the lender owning 20 percent or more interest in
the borrower.

(4) In its guaranteed loan application, the lender provides an Agency approved
exit strategy when the NMTCs expire after the seventh year. The CDE's (or
sub-CDE's) exit strategy must include a general plan to address the lender's
equity in the project, and, if the lender will divest their equity interest, how
this will be accomplished and the impact on the borrower.

(c) Conflict of interest. Notwithstanding § 4279.117(q), a CDE's (or sub-CDE's)
ownership interest in the borrower does not constitute a conflict of interest.
The Agency will mitigate the potential for or appearance of a conflict interest
by requiring appropriate loan covenants regarding limitations on dividends and
distributions of earnings be established as well as other covenants in
accordance with § 4279.161(b)(11). The Agency will also ensure that the lender
limits waivers of loan covenants and future modifications of loan documents.

(d) Eligible borrowers. The provisions of § 4279.117(t) notwithstanding, a
sub-CDE may be an eligible borrower as specified in paragraph (d)(1) of this
section. Paragraphs (d)(2) through (13) of this section identify modifications
to subpart B of this part that apply when the eligible borrower is a sub-CDE.

(1) To be an eligible borrower for a NMTC loan, each of the following conditions
must be met:

(i) The sub-CDE must be established for a single specific NMTC investment;

(ii) The lender is not an affiliate of the sub-CDE;

(iii) One hundred percent of the guaranteed loan funds are or will be loaned by
the sub-CDE to the Qualified Active Low-Income Community Business (QALICB), as
defined by applicable regulations of the Internal Revenue Service and are or
will be used by the QALICB in accordance with §§ 4279.113 and 4279.117. All of
the B&I guaranteed loan funds must be "passed through" the sub-CDE to the
QALICB. The QALICB's project must be the ultimate use of the B&I guaranteed loan
funds; and

(iv) The QALICB meets the requirements of § 4279.108.

(2) The provisions of § 4279.119 apply except that the loan guarantee limits
apply to the QALICB and not to the sub-CDE, who would otherwise be understood to
be the "borrower."

(3) Section 4279.126 applies to both the borrower (sub-CDE) and the QALICB. The
terms and payment schedule of the lender's loan to the sub-CDE must be at least
equal to the terms and payment schedule of the sub-CDE's loan to the QALICB. An
Agency approved unequal or escalating schedule of principal and interest
payments may be used for a NMTC loan. The lender may require additional
principle repayment by a co-borrower such as an owner or principle of the
QALICB. The lender or sub-CDE may require a debt repayment reserve fund or
sinking fund; however, such fund is not in lieu of a principal repayment
schedule in accordance with § 4279.126 as amended by this paragraph.

(4) Except for § 4279.131(b), section 4279.131 applies to both the lender's loan
to the sub-CDE and the sub-CDE's loan to the QALICB. Section 4279.131(b) applies
only to the sub-CDE's loan to the QALICB.

(5) The personal and corporate guarantee provisions of § 4279.132 and the
insurance provisions of § 4279.136 apply only to the QALICB and the sub-CDE's
loan to the QALICB.

(6) Section 4279.137 applies to both the borrower (sub-CDE) and the QALICB.

(7) Sections 4279.144 and 4279.150 apply to both the QALICB and the sub-CDE's
loan to the QALICB.

(8) Section 4279.161 applies to both the borrower (sub-CDE) and the QALICB. As
part of the application completed by the lender in accordance with § 4279.161,
the lender application documentation the lender submits to the Agency must
include comparable information for the loan (using the B&I guaranteed loan
funds) between the sub-CDE and QALICB. The requirements of § 4279.161 apply to
the loan application, application analysis and underwriting, and loan documents
between the sub-CDE and QALICB. The lender must include these materials in its
guaranteed loan application to the Agency.

(9) The environmental requirements specified in § 4279.165(b) apply to both the
loan between the sub-CDE and QALICB and the QALICB's project.

(10) When assigning the priority score to a NMTC loan application under §
4279.166, the Agency will score the project based on the sub-CDE's loan to the
QALICB, the QALICB, and the QALICB's project as the ultimate use of B&I
guaranteed loan funds.

(11) When complying with the planning and performing development provisions in §
4279.167, the lender is responsible for ensuring that both the sub-CDE's loan to
the QALICB and the QALICB's project comply with the provisions in § 4279.167.

(12) Section 4279.180 applies to both the sub-CDE (borrower) and the QALICB.

(13) Section 4279.181 applies to both the sub-CDE (borrower) and the QALICB.

(e) Subordinated debt as equity. For purposes of calculating tangible balance
sheet equity, the CDE's or sub-CDE's loan that is subordinated to the guaranteed
loan will be considered equity when calculating tangible balance sheet equity.
The QALICB's financial statements must be prepared by an accountant in
accordance with GAAP.
§ 4279.117 Ineligible purposes and entity types.

(a) Distribution or payment to an individual or entity that will retain an
ownership interest in the borrower. Distribution or payment to a member of the
immediate family of an owner, partner, or stockholder will not be permitted,
except for a change in ownership of the business where the selling immediate
family member does not retain an ownership interest and the Agency determines
the price paid to be reasonable. In situations where there is common ownership
or an otherwise closely-related company is being paid to do construction or
installation work for a borrower, only documented costs associated with
construction or installation can be paid with loan proceeds. This paragraph does
not apply to transfers of ownership for Employee Stock Ownership Plans or worker
cooperatives, to cooperatives where the cooperative pays the member for product
or services, or where member stock is transferred among members of the
cooperative.

(b) Projects in excess of $1 million that would likely result in the transfer of
jobs from one area to another and increase direct employment by more than 50
employees. However, this limitation is not to be construed to prohibit
assistance for the expansion of an existing business entity through the
establishment of a new branch, affiliate, or subsidiary of such entity if the
establishment of such branch, affiliate, or subsidiary will not result in an
increase in unemployment in the area of original location or in any other area
where such entity conducts business operations, unless there is reason to
believe that such branch, affiliate, or subsidiary is being established with the
intention of closing down the operations of the existing business entity in the
area or its original location or in any other area where it conducts such
operations.

(c) Projects in excess of $1 million that would increase direct employment by
more than 50 employees, which is calculated to or likely to result in an
increase in the production of goods, materials, or commodities, or the
availability of services or facilities in the area, when there is not sufficient
demand for such goods, materials, commodities, services or facilities to employ
the efficient capacity of existing competitive commercial or industrial
enterprises, unless such financial or other assistance will not have an adverse
effect upon existing competitive enterprises in the area.

(d) The financing of timeshares, residential or resort trailer parks and
campgrounds, housing, housing development sites, apartments, duplexes, or other
residential housing, except as authorized in § 4279.113(d).

(e) Owner-occupied housing--bed and breakfasts, hotels and motels, storage
facilities, etc.--are only allowed when the pro rata value of the owner's living
quarters, based on square footage, is deducted from the use of loan proceeds.

(f) Guaranteeing lease payments or any lines of credit.

(g) Guaranteeing loans made by other Federal agencies.

(h) Loans made with the proceeds of any obligation the interest on which is
excludable from income under 26 U.S.C. 103 or a successor statute. Funds
generated through the issuance of tax-exempt obligations shall neither be used
to purchase the guaranteed portion of any Agency guaranteed loan nor shall an
Agency guaranteed loan serve as collateral for a tax-exempt issue. The Agency
may guarantee a loan for a project that involves tax-exempt financing only when
the guaranteed loan funds are used to finance a part of the project that is
separate and distinct from the part that is financed by the tax-exempt
obligation, and the guaranteed loan has at least a parity security position with
the tax-exempt obligation.

(i) Guarantees supporting inherently religious activities such as worship,
religious instruction, proselytization, or to pay costs associated with
acquisition, construction or rehabilitation of structures for inherently
religious activities, including the financing of multi-purpose facilities where
religious activities will be among the activities conducted.

(j) Businesses that derive more than 10 percent of annual gross revenue
(including any lease income from space or machines) from gambling activity,
excluding State-authorized lottery proceeds.

(k) Businesses deriving income from activities of a prurient sexual nature or
illegal activities.

(l) Racetracks or facilities for the conduct of races by animals, professional
or amateur drivers, jockeys, etc.

(m) Golf courses and golf course infrastructure, including par 3 and executive
golf courses.

(n) Cemeteries.

(o) Research and development projects and projects that involve technology that
is not commercially available.

(p) Debt service reserves.

(q) Any project that the Agency determines creates a conflict of interest or an
appearance thereof between any party related to the project.

(r) Guarantees where the lender or any of the lender's officers has an ownership
interest in the borrower or is an officer or director of the borrower or where
the borrower or any of its officers, directors, stockholders, or other owners
have more than a 5 percent ownership interest in the lender.

(s) Notwithstanding cooperative stock purchase loans and cooperative equity
security guarantees in accordance with § 4279.115, guarantees supporting
investment or arbitrage or speculative real estate investment.

(t) Lending institutions, investment institutions, or insurance companies.

(u) Charitable institutions or fraternal organizations.

(v) Any business located within the Coastal Barriers Resource System that does
not qualify for an exception as defined in section 6 of the Coastal Barriers
Resource Act, 16 U.S.C. 3501 et seq.

(w) Any business located in a special flood or mudslide hazard area as
designated by the Federal Emergency Management Agency in a community that is not
participating in the National Flood Insurance Program unless the project is an
integral part of a community's flood control plan.
§ 4279.118 [Reserved]
§ 4279.119 Loan guarantee limits.

(a) Loan amount. The total amount of B&I loans to one borrower (including the
guaranteed and unguaranteed portions, the outstanding principal and interest
balance of any existing B&I guaranteed loans, and the new loan request) must not
exceed $10 million, except as outlined in paragraphs (a)(1) and (2) of this
section.

(1) The Administrator may, at the Administrator's discretion, grant an exception
to the $10 million limit for loans of $25 million or less under the following
circumstances:

(i) The project to be financed is a high-priority project as defined in § 4279.2
of this chapter. Priority points will be awarded in accordance with the criteria
contained in § 4279.166 of this subpart;

(ii) The lender must document to the satisfaction of the Agency that the loan
will not be made and the project will not be completed if the guaranteed loan is
not approved; and

(iii) The percentage of guarantee will not exceed 60 percent. No exception to
this requirement will be approved under paragraph (b) of this section for loans
exceeding $10 million.

(2) The Secretary, whose authority may not be redelegated, may approve
guaranteed loans in excess of $25 million, at the Secretary's discretion, for
rural cooperative organizations that process value-added agricultural
commodities in accordance with § 4279.113(j)(1) of this subpart.

(b) Percentage of guarantee. The percentage of guarantee, up to the maximum
allowed by this section, is a matter of negotiation between the lender and the
Agency. The maximum percentage of guarantee is 80 percent for loans of $5
million or less, 70 percent for loans between $5 and $10 million, and 60 percent
for loans exceeding $10 million. For subsequent guaranteed loans, the maximum
percentage of guarantee will be based on the total amount of outstanding
principal and interest of any existing B&I guaranteed loans and the new loan
request. Notwithstanding the preceding, the Administrator may, at the
Administrator's discretion, grant an exception allowing guarantees of up to 90
percent on loans of $5 million or less if the conditions of either paragraph
(b)(1) or (b)(2) are met. Each fiscal year, the Agency will establish a limit on
the maximum portion of guarantee authority available for that fiscal year that
may be used to guarantee loans with an increased percentage of guarantee. The
Agency will publish a notice announcing this limit in the Federal Register.

(1) The project to be financed is a high-priority project as defined in § 4279.2
of this chapter. Priority points will be awarded in accordance with the criteria
contained in § 4279.166 of this subpart; or

(2) The lender documents, to the satisfaction of the Agency, that the loan will
not be made and the project will not be completed due to the bank's legal or
regulatory lending limit if the higher percentage of guarantee is not approved.
§ 4279.120 Fees and charges.

There are two types of non-refundable fees; the guarantee fee and the annual
renewal fee. These fees are to be paid by the lender but may be passed on to the
borrower.

(a) Guarantee fee. The guarantee fee is paid at the time the Loan Note Guarantee
is issued and may be included as an eligible use of guaranteed loan proceeds.
The amount of the guarantee fee is determined by multiplying the total loan
amount by the guarantee fee rate by the percent of guarantee. The rate of the
guarantee fee is established by the Agency in an annual notice published in the
Federal Register. Subject to annual limits set by the Agency in the published
notice, the Agency may charge a reduced guarantee fee if requested by the lender
for loans of $5 million or less when the borrower's business:

(1) Supports value-added agriculture and results in farmers benefiting
financially,

(2) Promotes access to healthy foods, or

(3) Is a high impact business development investment as defined in § 4279.2 of
this chapter and applied in accordance with § 4279.166(b)(4), and is located in
a rural community that:

(i) Is experiencing long-term population decline;

(ii) Has remained in poverty for the last 30 years;

(iii) Is experiencing trauma as a result of natural disaster or fundamental
structural changes in its economic base;

(iv) Is located in a city or county with an unemployment rate 125 percent of the
statewide rate or greater; or

(v) Is located within the boundaries of a Federally recognized Indian Tribe's
reservation or within tribal trust lands or within land owned by an Alaska
Native Regional or Village Corporation as defined by the Alaska Native Claims
Settlement Act.

(b) Annual renewal fee. The annual renewal fee is paid by the lender to the
Agency once a year. Payment of the annual renewal fee is required in order to
maintain the enforceability of the guarantee as to the lender.

(1) The Agency will establish the rate of the annual renewal fee in an annual
notice published in the Federal Register. The amount of the annual renewal fee
is determined by multiplying the outstanding principal loan balance as of
December 31 of each year by the annual renewal fee rate by the percent of
guarantee. The rate that is in effect at the time the loan is obligated remains
in effect for the life of the guarantee on the loan.

(2) Annual renewal fees are due on January 31. Payments not received by April 1
are considered delinquent and, at the Agency's discretion, may result in the
Agency terminating the guarantee to the lender. The Agency will provide the
lender 30 calendar days notice that the annual renewal fee is delinquent before
terminating the guarantee. Holders' rights will continue in effect as specified
in Form RD 4279-5, "Loan Note Guarantee," and Form RD 4279-6, "Assignment
Guarantee Agreement," unless the holder took possession of an interest in the
Loan Note Guarantee knowing the annual renewal fee had not been paid. Until the
Loan Note Guarantee is terminated by the Agency, any delinquent annual renewal
fees will bear interest at the note rate, and any delinquent annual renewal
fees, including any interest due thereon, will be deducted from any loss payment
due the lender. For loans where the Loan Note Guarantee is issued between
October 1 and December 31, the first annual renewal fee payment is due January
31 of the second year following the date the Loan Note Guarantee was issued.

(3) Lenders are prohibited from selling guaranteed loans on the secondary market
if there are unpaid annual renewal fees.

(c) Routine lender fees. The lender may establish charges and fees for the loan
provided they are similar to those normally charged other applicants for the
same type of loan in the ordinary course of business, and these fees are an
eligible use of loan proceeds. The lender must document such routine fees on
Form RD 4279-1, "Application for Loan Guarantee." The lender may charge
prepayment penalties and late payment fees that are stipulated in the loan
documents, as long as they are reasonable and customary; however, the Loan Note
Guarantee will not cover either prepayment penalties or late payment fees.

(d) Professional services. Professional services are those rendered by entities
generally licensed or certified by States or accreditation associations, such as
architects, engineers, accountants, attorneys, or appraisers, and those rendered
by loan packagers. The borrower may pay fees for professional services needed
for planning and developing a project. Such fees are an eligible use of loan
proceeds provided that the Agency agrees that the amounts are reasonable and
customary. The lender must document these fees on Form RD 4279-1.
§§ 4279.121-4279.124 [Reserved]
§ 4279.125 Interest rates.

The interest rate for the guaranteed loan will be negotiated between the lender
and the borrower and may be either fixed or variable, or a combination thereof,
as long as it is a legal rate. Interest rate swaps must not be used in
conjunction with guaranteed loans made under this subpart. Interest rates will
not be more than those rates customarily charged borrowers for loans without
guarantees and are subject to Agency review and approval. Lenders are encouraged
to utilize the secondary market and pass interest-rate savings on to the
borrower.

(a) A variable interest rate must be a rate that is tied to a published base
rate agreed to by the lender and the Agency. The variable interest rate must be
specified in the promissory note and may be adjusted at different intervals
during the term of the loan, but the adjustments may not be more often than
quarterly. The lender must incorporate, within the variable rate promissory note
at loan closing, the provision for adjustment of payment installments. The
lender must properly amortize the outstanding principal balance within the
prescribed loan maturity in order to eliminate the possibility of a balloon
payment at the end of the loan.

(b) It is permissible to have different interest rates on the guaranteed and
unguaranteed portions of the loan provided that the rate of the guaranteed
portion does not exceed the rate on the unguaranteed portion, except for
situations where a fixed rate on the guaranteed portion becomes a higher rate
than the variable rate on the unguaranteed portion due to the normal
fluctuations in the approved variable interest rate.

(c) Any change in the base rate or fixed interest rate between issuance of Form
RD 4279-3, "Conditional Commitment," and Form RD 4279-5 must be approved in
writing by the Agency. Approval of such change must be shown as an amendment to
the attachment to Form 4279-3 and must be reflected on Form RD 1980-19,
"Guaranteed Loan Closing Report."

(d) The lender's promissory note must not contain provisions for default or
penalty interest nor will default or penalty interest, interest on interest, or
late payment fees or charges be paid under the Loan Note Guarantee.
§ 4279.126 Loan terms.

(a) The length of the loan term must be the same for both the guaranteed and
unguaranteed portions of the loan. The maximum repayment for loans for real
estate will not exceed 30 years; machinery and equipment repayment will not
exceed the useful life of the machinery and equipment or 15 years, whichever is
less; and working capital repayment will not exceed 7 years. The term for a debt
refinancing loan may be based on the collateral the lender will take to secure
the loan.

(b) A loan's maturity will take into consideration the use of proceeds, the
useful life of assets being financed and those used as collateral, and the
borrower's ability to repay the loan.

(c) Only loans that require a periodic payment schedule that will retire the
debt over the term of the loan without a balloon payment will be guaranteed.

(d) The first installment of principal and interest will, if possible, be
scheduled for payment after the facility is operational and has begun to
generate income. However, the first full installment must be due and payable
within 3 years from the date of the promissory note and be paid at least
annually thereafter. In cases where there is an interest-only period, interest
will be paid at least annually from the date of the note.

(e) There must be no "due-on-demand" clauses without cause. Regardless of any
"due-on-demand" with cause provision in a lender's promissory note, the Agency
must concur in any acceleration of the loan if the sole basis for acceleration
is a nonmonetary default.
§ 4279.127-4279.130 [Reserved]
§ 4279.131 Credit quality.

The Agency will only guarantee loans that are sound and that have a reasonable
assurance of repayment. The lender is responsible for conducting a financial
analysis that involves the systematic examination and interpretation of
information to assess a company's past performance, present condition, and
future viability. The lender is primarily responsible for determining credit
quality and must address all of the elements of credit quality in a
comprehensive, written credit analysis including capacity (sufficient cash flow
to service the debt), collateral (assets to secure the loan), conditions
(borrower, economy, and industry), capital (equity/net worth), and character
(integrity of management), as further described in paragraphs (a) through (e) of
this section. The lender's analysis is the central underwriting document and
must be sufficiently detailed to describe the proposed loan and business
situation and document that the proposed loan is sound. The lender's analysis
must include a written discussion of repayment ability with a cash-flow
analysis, history of debt repayment, borrower's management, necessity of any
debt refinancing, and credit reports of the borrower, principals, and any
parent, affiliate or subsidiary. The lender's analysis must also include
spreadsheets and discussion of the 3 years of historical balance sheets and
income statements (for existing businesses) and 2 years of projected balance
sheets, income statements and cash flow statements, with appropriate ratios and
comparisons with industrial standards (such as Dun & Bradstreet or Risk
Management Association). All data must be shown in total dollars and also in
common size form, obtained by expressing all balance sheet items as a percentage
of assets and all income and expense items as a percentage of sales.

(a) Capacity/Cash Flow. The lender must make all efforts to ensure the borrower
has adequate working capital or operating capital and to structure or
restructure debt so that the borrower has adequate debt coverage and the ability
to accommodate expansion.

(b) Collateral. The lender must ensure that the collateral for the loan has a
documented value sufficient to protect the interest of the lender and the Agency
and, except as set forth in paragraph (b)(2) of this section, the discounted
collateral value must be at least equal to the loan amount.

(1) The lender must discount collateral consistent with the sound loan
-to-discounted value policy outlined in paragraphs (b)(1)(i) through (iv) of
this section. The type, quality, and location of collateral are relevant factors
used to assess collateral adequacy and appropriate levels of discounting. Other
factors to be considered in the discounted value of collateral must include the
marketability and alternative uses of the collateral. That is, specialized
buildings or equipment will be discounted greater than multi-purpose facilities
or equipment. When using discounts other than those outlined below, the lender
must document why such discounts are appropriate.

(i) A maximum of 80 percent of current fair market value will be given to real
estate. Special purpose real estate must be assigned less value.

(ii) A maximum of 70 percent of cost or current fair market value will be given
to machinery, equipment, and furniture and fixtures and will be based on its
marketability, mobility, useful life, specialization, and alternative uses, if
any.

(iii) A maximum of 60 percent of book value will be assigned to acceptable
inventory and accounts receivable; however, all accounts over 90 days past due,
contra accounts, affiliated accounts, and other accounts deemed not to be
acceptable collateral, as determined by the Agency, will be omitted.
Calculations to determine the percentage to be applied in the analysis are to be
based on the realizable value of the accounts receivable taken from a current
aging of accounts receivable from the borrower's most recent financial
statement. At a minimum, reviewed annual financial statements will be required
when there is a predominant reliance on inventory and/or receivable collateral
that exceeds $250,000. Except for working capital loans, term debt must not be
dependent upon accounts receivable and inventory to meet collateral
requirements.

(iv) No value will be assigned to unsecured personal, partnership, or corporate
guarantees.

(2) Some businesses are predominantly cash-flow oriented, and where cash flow
and profitability are strong, loan-to-value discounts may be adjusted
accordingly with satisfactory documentation. A loan primarily based on cash flow
must be supported by a successful and documented financial history. Under no
circumstances must the loan-to-value of the collateral (loan-to-fair market
value) ever be equal to or greater than 100 percent.

(3) A parity or junior lien position may be considered provided the loan
-to-discounted value is adequate to secure the guaranteed loan in accordance
with this section.

(4) The entire loan must be secured by the same security with equal lien
priority for the guaranteed and unguaranteed portions of the loan. The
unguaranteed portion of the loan will neither be paid first nor given any
preference or priority over the guaranteed portion.

(c) Conditions. The lender must consider the current status of the borrower,
overall economy, and industry for which credit is being extended. The regulatory
environment surrounding the particular business or industry must also be
considered. Businesses in areas of decline will be required to provide strong
business plans that outline how they differ from the current trends. Local,
regional and national condition of the industry must be addressed.

(d) Capital/Equity. (1) A minimum of 10 percent tangible balance sheet equity
(or a maximum debt to tangible net worth ratio of 9:1) will be required at loan
closing for borrowers that are existing businesses. A minimum of 20 percent
tangible balance sheet equity (or a maximum debt to tangible net worth ratio of
4:1) will be required at loan closing for borrowers that are new businesses. For
energy projects, the minimum tangible balance sheet equity requirement range
will be between 25 percent and 40 percent (or a maximum debt to tangible net
worth ratio between 3:1 and 1.5:1) at loan closing, considering whether the
business is an existing business with a successful financial and management
history or a new business; the value of personal/corporate guarantees offered;
contractual relationships with suppliers and buyers; credit rating; and strength
of the business plan/feasibility study.

(2) Tangible balance sheet equity will be determined based upon financial
statements prepared by an accountant in accordance with GAAP. The capital/equity
requirement must be met in the form of either cash or tangible earning assets
contributed to the business and reflected on the borrower's balance sheet.
Transfers of assets at fair market value must be an arm's length transaction.
Tangible equity cannot include appraisal surplus, bargain purchase gains, or
intangible assets. Owner subordinated debt may be included when the subordinated
debt is in exchange for cash injected into the business that remains in the
business for the life of the guaranteed loan. The note or other form of evidence
must be submitted to the Agency in order for subordinated debt to count towards
meeting the tangible balance sheet equity requirement.

(3) The lender must certify, in accordance with § 4279.181(a)(9)(i), that the
capital/equity requirement was determined, based on a balance sheet prepared by
an accountant in accordance with GAAP, and met, as of the date the guaranteed
loan was closed, giving effect to the entirety of the loan in the calculation,
whether or not the loan itself is fully advanced. A copy of the loan closing
balance sheet must be included with the lender's certification.

(4) In situations where a real estate holding company and an operating entity
are dependent upon one another's operations and are effectively one business,
they must be co-borrowers. The capital/equity requirement will apply to both
entities on a consolidated basis, and financial statements must be prepared both
individually and on a consolidated basis.

(5) In situations where co-borrowers are independent operations, the
capital/equity requirement will apply to all co-borrowers on an individual
basis.

(6) For sole proprietorships and other situations where business assets are held
personally, financial statements must be prepared using only the assets and
liabilities directly attributable to the business. Assets, plus any
improvements, must be valued at the lower of cost or fair market value.

(7) Increases in the equity requirement may be imposed by the Agency. A
reduction in the capital/equity requirement for existing businesses may be
permitted by the Administrator under the following conditions:

(i) Collateralized personal and corporate guarantees, in accordance with §
4279.132 of this subpart, when feasible and legally permissible are obtained;
and

(ii) Pro forma and historical financial statements indicate the business to be
financed meets or exceeds the median quartile (as identified in Risk Management
Association's Annual Statement Studies or similar publication) for the current
ratio, quick ratio, debt-to-worth ratio, and debt coverage ratio.

(e) Character. The lender must conduct a thorough review of key management
personnel to ensure that the business has adequately trained and experienced
managers. The borrower and all owners with a 20 percent or more ownership
interest must have a good credit history, reflecting a record of meeting
obligations in a timely manner. If there have been credit problems in the past,
the lender must provide a satisfactory explanation to show that the problems are
unlikely to recur.
§ 4279.132 Personal and corporate guarantees.

(a) Full, unconditional personal and/or corporate guarantees for the full term
of the loan are required from those owning 20 percent or more interest in the
borrower, unless the Agency grants an exception. The Agency may grant an
exception only when the lender requests it and documents to the Agency's
satisfaction that collateral, equity, cash flow and profitability indicate an
above-average ability to repay the loan. Partial guarantees for the full term of
the loan at least equal to each owner's percentage of interest in the borrower
times the loan amount may be required in lieu of full, unconditional guarantees
when the guarantors' percentages equal 100 percent so that the loan is fully
guaranteed.

(b) When warranted by an Agency assessment of potential financial risk, the
Agency may require the following:

(1) Guarantees to be secured;

(2) Guarantees of parent, subsidiaries, or affiliated companies owning less than
a 20 percent interest in the borrower; and

(3) Guarantees from persons whose ownership interest in the borrower is held
indirectly through intermediate entities.

(c) All personal and corporate guarantors must execute Form RD 4279-14,
"Unconditional Guarantee," and any guarantee form required by the lender. The
Agency will retain the original, executed Form RD 4279-14.

(1) Any amounts paid by the Agency on behalf of an Agency guaranteed loan
borrower will constitute a Federal debt owed to the Agency by the guaranteed
loan borrower.

(2) Any amounts paid by the Agency pursuant to a claim by a guaranteed program
lender will constitute a Federal debt owed to the Agency by a guarantor of the
loan, to the extent of the amount of the guarantor's guarantee.

(3) In all instances under paragraphs (c)(1) and (2) of this section, interest
charges will be assessed in accordance with 7 CFR 1951.133.
§§ 4279.133-4279.135 [Reserved]
§ 4279.136 Insurance.

The lender is responsible for ensuring that required insurance is maintained by
the borrower.

(a) Hazard. Hazard insurance with a standard clause naming the lender as
mortgagee or loss payee, as applicable, is required for the life of the
guaranteed loan. The amount must be at least equal to the replacement value of
the collateral or the outstanding balance of the loan, whichever is the greater
amount.

(b) Life. The lender may require a collateral assignment of life insurance to
insure against the risk of death of persons critical to the success of the
business. When required, coverage must be in amounts necessary to provide for
management succession or to protect the business. The Agency may require life
insurance on key individuals for loans where the lender has not otherwise
proposed such coverage. The cost of insurance and its effect on the applicant's
working capital must be considered as well as the amount of existing insurance
that could be assigned without requiring additional expense.

(c) Worker compensation. Worker compensation insurance is required in accordance
with State law.

(d) Flood. National flood insurance is required in accordance with applicable
law.

(e) Other. The lender must consider whether public liability, business
interruption, malpractice, and other insurance is appropriate to the borrower's
particular business and circumstances and must require the borrower to obtain
such insurance as is necessary to protect the interests of the borrower, the
lender, or the Agency.
§ 4279.137 Financial statements.

The lender will determine the type and frequency of submission of financial
statements by the borrower and any guarantors. At a minimum, annual financial
statements prepared by an accountant in accordance with GAAP are required,
except for personal financial statements and cooperative stock purchase loans in
accordance with § 4279.115(a). However, if the loan amount exceeds $3 million or
if circumstances warrant, the Agency may require annual audited financial
statements.
§§ 4279.138-4279.143 [Reserved]
§ 4279.144 Appraisals.

Lenders must obtain appraisals for real estate and chattel collateral when the
value of the collateral exceeds $250,000. Lenders must use the market value as
established by the appraisal and discounting policies outlined in § 4279.131(b)
to meet the discounted collateral coverage requirements of this subpart. Lenders
are responsible for ensuring that appraisal values adequately reflect the actual
value of the collateral. The Agency will require documentation that the
appraiser has the necessary experience and competency to appraise the property
in question. Appraisals must not be more than 1 year old, and a more recent
appraisal may be requested by the Agency in order to reflect more current market
conditions. For loan servicing purposes, an appraisal may be updated in lieu of
a complete new appraisal when the original appraisal is more than 1 year old but
less than 2 years old. Failure by the lender to follow these requirements will
be considered an act of fraud or misrepresentation.

(a) All real property appraisals associated with Agency guaranteed loanmaking
and servicing transactions must meet the requirements contained in the Financial
Institutions Reform, Recovery and Enforcement Act (FIRREA) of 1989 and the
appropriate guidelines contained in Standards 1 and 2 of the Uniform Standards
of Professional Appraisal Practices (USPAP) and be performed by a State
Certified General Appraiser. Notwithstanding any exemption that may exist for
transactions guaranteed by a Federal Government agency, all appraisals obtained
by the lender for loanmaking and servicing must conform to the Interagency
Appraisal and Evaluations Guidelines established by the lender's primary Federal
or State regulator. All appraisals must include consideration of the potential
effects from a release of hazardous substances or petroleum products or other
environmental hazards on the fair market value of the collateral, if applicable.
The lender must complete and submit its technical review of the appraisal. For
construction projects, the lender must use the "as-completed" market value of
the real estate to determine value of the real estate property.

(b) Values attributed to business valuation or as a going concern are not
allowed.

(c) Chattels must be evaluated in accordance with normal banking practices and
generally accepted methods of determining value. Chattel appraisals must reflect
the age, condition, and remaining useful life of the equipment. If the appraisal
is completed by a state licensed/certified appraiser, the appraisal report must
comply with USPAP Standards 7 and 8.
§ 4279.145-4279.149 [Reserved]
§ 4279.150 Feasibility studies.

A feasibility study, by a qualified independent consultant acceptable to the
Agency, is required for new businesses. The Agency may require a feasibility
study for existing businesses when the project will significantly affect the
borrower's operations. A feasibility study is also required for all biofuels
proposals, regardless of whether the business is new or existing. At a minimum,
a feasibility study must include an evaluation of the economic, market,
technical, financial, and management feasibility and an executive summary that
reaches an overall conclusion as to the business' chance of success. The income
approach of an appraisal is not an acceptable feasibility study.
§ 4279.151-4279.160 [Reserved]
§ 4279.161 Filing preapplications and applications.

Borrowers and lenders are encouraged to file preapplications and obtain Agency
comments before completing an application. However, if they prefer, borrowers
and lenders may file a complete application without filing a preapplication. The
Agency will neither accept nor process preapplications and applications unless a
lender has agreed to finance the proposal. Guaranteed loans exceeding $600,000
must be submitted under the requirements specified in paragraph (b) of this
section. However, guaranteed loans of $600,000 and less may be submitted under
the requirements of either paragraph (b) or (c) of this section.

(a) Preapplications. Lenders may file preapplications by submitting the
following to the Agency:

(1) A letter or preliminary lender credit analysis, signed by the lender,
containing the following:

(i) Name of the proposed borrower, organization type, address, contact person,
federal tax identification number, email address, and telephone number;

(ii) Name of the proposed lender, address, telephone number, contact person,
email address, and lender's Internal Revenue Service (IRS) identification
number;

(iii) Amount of the loan request, percent of guarantee requested, and the
proposed rates and terms;

(iv) Description of collateral to be offered with estimated values and the
amount and source of equity to be contributed to the project;

(v) A brief description of the project, products, services provided, and
availability of raw materials and supplies; and

(vi) The number of current full-time equivalent jobs, the number of jobs to be
created as a result of the proposed loan, and the overall average wage rate.

(2) The borrower's current (not more than 90 days old) balance sheet and
year-to-date income statement. For existing businesses, also include balance
sheets and income statements for the last 3 years; and

(3) A completed Form RD 4279-2, "Certification of Non-Relocation and Market
Capacity Information Report," if the proposed loan is in excess of $1 million
and will increase direct employment by more than 50 employees.

(b) Applications. Lenders must submit the information specified in paragraphs
(b)(1) through (19) of this section when filing an application with the Agency.

(1) A completed Form RD 4279-1.

(2) A completed Form RD 4279-2, if the proposed loan is in excess of $1 million
and will increase direct employment by more than 50 employees.

(3) A completed Form RD 1940-20, "Request for Environmental Information," and
attachments, unless the project is categorically excluded under Agency
environmental regulations.

(4) A personal or commercial credit report from an acceptable credit reporting
company for each individual or entity owning 20 percent or more interest in the
borrower, except for those corporations listed on a major stock exchange. Credit
reports are not required for elected and appointed officials when the applicant
is a public body or non-profit corporation.

(5) Commercial credit reports for the borrower(s) and any parent, affiliate, and
subsidiary companies.

(6) Current (not more than 90 days old) financial statements for any parent,
affiliate, and subsidiary companies.

(7) Current (not more than 90 days old) personal and corporate financial
statements of any guarantors.

(8) For all borrowers, a current (not more than 90 days old) balance sheet and
year-to-date income statement, a pro forma balance sheet projected for loan
closing, and projected balance sheets, income statements and cash flow
statements for the next 2 years. Projections must be supported by a list of
assumptions showing the basis for the projections. In the event processing of
the loan is not complete within 90 days, a current set of financial statements
will be required every 90 days.

(9) For borrowers that are existing businesses, balance sheets and income
statements for the last 3 years. If the business has been in operation for less
than 3 years, balance sheets and income statements for all years for which
financial information is available.

(10) The lender's comprehensive, written credit analysis of the proposal, as
described in § 4279.131.

(11) A draft loan agreement. A final loan agreement must be executed by the
lender and borrower before the Agency issues a Loan Note Guarantee and must
contain any additional requirements imposed by the Agency in its Conditional
Commitment. The loan agreement must establish prudent, adequate controls to
protect the interests of the lender and Agency. At a minimum, the following
requirements must be included in the loan agreement:

(i) Type and frequency of borrower and guarantor financial statements to be
required for the duration of the loan;

(ii) Prohibition against assuming liabilities or obligations of others;

(iii) Limitations on dividend payments and compensation of officers and owners;

(iv) Limitation on the purchase and sale of equipment and other fixed assets;

(v) Restrictions concerning consolidations, mergers, or other circumstances and
a limitation on selling the business without the concurrence of the lender;

(vi) Maximum debt-to-net worth ratio; and

(vii) Minimum debt service coverage ratio.

(12) Intergovernmental consultation comments in accordance with 7 CFR, part
3015, subpart V, or successor regulation, unless exemptions have been granted by
the State single point of contact.

(13) Appraisals, accompanied by a copy of the appropriate environmental site
assessment, if available.

(14) A business plan or similar document that must include a description of the
business and project, management experience, sources of capital, products and
services and pricing, marketing plan, proposed use of funds, availability of
labor, raw materials and supplies, contracts in place, distribution channels,
and the names of any corporate parent, affiliates, and subsidiaries with a
description of the relationship. A business plan may be omitted if the
information is included in a feasibility study. At the Agency's discretion, a
business plan may be omitted when loan proceeds are used exclusively for debt
refinancing and fees.

(15) Independent feasibility study, if required.

(16) For companies listed on a major stock exchange or subject to the Securities
and Exchange Commission regulations, a copy of SEC Form 10-K, "Annual Report
Pursuant to sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934."

(17) For health care facilities, a certificate of need, if required by statute
or State law.

(18) For guaranteed loan applications for five or more residential units,
including nursing homes and assisted-living facilities, an Affirmative Fair
Housing Marketing Plan that is in conformance with 7 CFR 1901.203(c)(3).

(19) Any additional information required by the Agency to make a decision.

(c) Applications of $600,000 and less. Guaranteed loan applications may be
processed under this paragraph if the request does not exceed $600,000, provided
the Agency determines that there is not a significant increased risk of a
default on the loan. A lender may need to resubmit an application under
paragraph (b) of this section if the application under this paragraph does not
contain sufficient information for the Agency to make a decision whether to
guarantee the loan. Applications submitted under this paragraph must include the
information contained in paragraphs (b)(1) (with the short application box
marked at the top of Form RD 4279-1), (b)(3), (b)(8) through (10), (b)(12), and
(b)(13) of this section. The lender must have the documentation identified in
paragraph (b) of this section, with the exception of paragraph (b)(2), available
in its file for review.
§§ 4279.162-4279.164 [Reserved]
§ 4279.165 Evaluation of application.

(a) General review. The Agency will evaluate the application and make a
determination whether the borrower is eligible, the proposed loan is for an
eligible purpose, there is reasonable assurance of repayment ability, there is
sufficient collateral and equity, and the proposed loan complies with all
applicable statutes and regulations. If the Agency determines it is unable to
guarantee the loan, it will inform the lender in writing.

(b) Environmental requirements. The environmental review process must be
completed, in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G or successor
regulation, prior to loan approval.
§ 4279.166 Loan priority scoring.

The Agency will consider applications and preapplications in the order they are
received by the Agency; however, for the purpose of assigning priority points as
described in paragraph (b) of this section, the Agency will compare an
application to other pending applications that are competing for funding. The
Agency may establish a minimum loan priority score to fund projects from the
National Office reserve and will publish any minimum loan priority score in a
notice published in the Federal Register.

(a) When applications on hand otherwise have equal priority, the Agency will
give preference to applications for loans from qualified veterans.

(b) The Agency will assign priority points on the basis of the point system
contained in this section. The Agency will use the application and supporting
information to determine an eligible proposed project's priority for available
guarantee authority. To the extent possible, all lenders must consider Agency
priorities when choosing projects for guarantee. The lender must provide
necessary information related to determining the score, if requested.

(1) Population priority. Projects located in an unincorporated area or in a city
with a population under 25,000 (10 points).

(2) Demographics priority. The priority score for demographics priority will be
the total score for the following categories:

(i) Located in an eligible area of long-term population decline according to the
last three decennial censuses (5 points);

(ii) Located in a rural county that has had 20 percent or more of its population
living in poverty based on the last three decennial censuses (5 points);

(iii) Located in a rural community that is experiencing trauma as a result of
natural disaster (5 points);

(iv) Located in a city or county with an unemployment rate 125 percent of the
statewide rate or greater (5 points);

(v) Located within the boundaries of a Federally recognized Indian Tribe's
reservation or within tribal trust lands or within land owned by an Alaska
Native Regional or Village Corporation as defined by the Alaska Native Claims
Settlement Act (5 points); and

(vi) Business is owned by a qualified veteran as defined by § 4279.2 of this
chapter (5 points).

(3) Loan features. The priority score for loan features will be the total score
for the following categories:

(i) Lender will price a variable rate loan at a rate equal to or less than the
Wall Street Journal published Prime Rate plus 1.5 percent (5 points);

(ii) Lender will price a variable rate loan at a rate equal to or less than the
Wall Street Journal published Prime Rate plus 1 percent (5 points);

(iii) Lender will price a fixed rate loan equal to or less than the Farmer Mac
II rate plus 2.5 percent (5 points);

(iv) Lender will price a fixed rate loan equal to or less than the Farmer Mac II
rate plus 2 percent (5 points);

(v) The Agency guaranteed loan is less than 60 percent of project cost (5
points);

(vi) The Agency guaranteed loan is less than 50 percent of project cost (5
points);

(vii) The Agency guaranteed loan is less than 40 percent of project cost (5
points);

(viii) The loan-to-job ratio (loan amount/number of jobs created and saved) is
less than $75,000 in loan proceeds per job created and saved (5 points);

(ix) The loan-to-job ratio is less than $50,000 in loan proceeds per job created
and saved (5 points); and

(x) For loans not requesting an exception under § 4279.119(b) of this subpart,
the percentage of guarantee is 10 or more percentage points less than the
maximum allowable for a loan of its size (5 points).

(4) High impact business investment priorities. The priority score for high
impact business investment will be the total score for the following two
categories:

(i) Business/industry. The priority score for business/industry will be the
total score for the following:

(A) Industry that is not already present in the community (5 points);

(B) Business that has 20 percent or more of its sales in international markets
(5 points);

(C) Business that offers high value, specialized products and/or services that
command high prices (2 points);

(D) Business that provides an additional market for existing local businesses (3
points);

(E) Business that is locally owned and managed (3 points);

(F) Business that will produce a natural resource value-added product or an
agricultural resource value-added product (2 points); and

(G) Business that processes, distributes, aggregates, stores and/or markets
locally or regionally produced agricultural food products to underserved
communities in accordance with § 4279.113(x)(5) (5 points); and

(ii) Occupations. The priority score for occupations will be the total score for
the following:

(A) Business that creates or saves jobs with an average wage exceeding 125
percent of the Federal minimum wage (5 points);

(B) Business that creates or saves jobs with an average wage exceeding 150
percent of the Federal minimum wage (5 points); and

(C) Business that offers a healthcare benefits package to all employees, with at
least 50 percent of the premium paid by the employer, or a business that
qualifies under the Work Opportunity Tax Credit Program authorized by the Small
Business and Work Opportunity Tax Act of 2007 (5 points).

(5) Administrative points. The State Director may assign up to 10 additional
points to an application to account for statewide distribution of funds, natural
disasters or economic emergency conditions, community economic development
strategies, State strategic plans, fundamental structural changes in a
community's economic base, or projects that will fulfill an Agency initiative.
In addition to the State Director assigned points, if an application is
considered in the National Office, the Administrator may assign up to an
additional 10 points to account for geographic distribution of funds, emergency
conditions caused by economic problems or natural disasters, or projects that
will fulfill an Agency initiative.
§ 4279.167 Planning and performing development.

(a) Design policy. The lender must ensure that all facilities constructed with
program funds are designed, and costs estimated, by an independent professional
utilizing accepted architectural, engineering and design practices. The Agency
may require an independent professional architect on complex projects. The
lender must ensure the design conforms to applicable Federal, State, and local
codes and requirements. The lender must also ensure that the project will be
completed with available funds and, once completed, will be used for its
intended purpose and produce in the quality and quantity proposed in the
completed application approved by the Agency. Once construction is completed,
the lender must provide the Agency with a copy of the Notice of Completion.

(b) Issuing the Loan Note Guarantee prior to project completion. If the lender
requests that the Loan Note Guarantee be issued prior to completion of a
construction project, the lender must have a construction monitoring plan
acceptable to the Agency and undertake the added responsibilities set forth in
this paragraph. The lender must monitor the progress of construction and
undertake the reviews and inspections necessary to ensure that construction
conforms to applicable Federal, State, and local code requirements; proceeds are
used in accordance with the approved plans, specifications, and contract
documents; and that funds are used for eligible project costs. The lender must
expeditiously report any problems in project development to the Agency.

(1) In cases of takeout of interim financing where the Loan Note Guarantee is
issued prior to completion of a project, the promissory note must contain the
terms and conditions of the interim financing and the permanent financing and
convert the interim financing to the permanent note as the Loan Note Guarantee
can only be placed on one note.

(2) Prior to disbursement of construction funds, the lender must have:

(i) A complete set of plans and specifications for the project on file;

(ii) A detailed timetable for the project with a corresponding budget of costs
setting forth the parties responsible for payment. The timetable and budget must
be agreed to by the borrower;

(iii) A person, with demonstrated experience relating to the project's industry,
confirm that the budget is adequate for the planned development;

(iv) A firm, fixed-price construction contract with an independent general
contractor with costs and provisions for change order approvals, a retainage
percentage, and a disbursement schedule or a 100 percent performance/payment
bond on the borrower's contactor will be required in cases when the lender
requests issuance of a Loan Note Guarantee prior to completion of construction.
The bonding agent must be listed on Treasury Circular 570. A performance/payment
bond will be made a part of the contract if the borrower requests it or if the
contractor requests partial payments for construction work; and

(v) Contingencies in place to handle unforeseen cost overruns without seeking
additional guaranteed assistance. These are to be agreed to by the borrower.

(3) Once construction begins, the lender is to:

(i) Use any borrower funds in the project first;

(ii) Ensure that the project is built to support the functions at the level and
quality contemplated by the borrower through the use of accepted architectural
and engineering practices. There is no absolute requirement that the goal be
achieved by the use of a professional inspection. However, if after careful
review, it appears that the use of a professional inspector is the only method
that ensures that the project is built to support the functions at the level and
quality contemplated by the borrower through the use of accepted architectural
and engineering practices, one may be required by the Agency. If one is
required, inspections must be made by a qualified, independent inspector prior
to any progress payments. If other less expensive or rigorous methods will
achieve the same result, they may be utilized. The decision will be made on a
case-by-case basis and must be reasonable under the specific circumstances of
the case;

(iii) Obtain lien waivers from all contractors and materialmen prior to any
disbursement; and

(iv) Provide at least monthly, written reports to the Agency on fund
disbursement and project status.

(4) Once construction is completed, the lender is to provide the Agency with a
copy of the Notice of Completion.

(c) Compliance with other Federal laws. Lenders must comply with other
applicable Federal laws including Equal Employment Opportunities, Equal Credit
Opportunity Act, Fair Housing Act, and the Civil Rights Act of 1964. Guaranteed
loans that involve the construction of or addition to facilities that
accommodate the public and commercial facilities, as defined by the Americans
with Disabilities Act (ADA), must comply with the ADA. The borrower and lender
are responsible for ensuring compliance with these requirements.

(d) Environmental responsibilities. The lender must ensure that the borrower
has:

(1) Provided the necessary environmental information to enable the Agency to
undertake its environmental review process in accordance with subpart G of 7 CFR
part 1940 or successor regulations, including the provision of all required
Federal, State, and local permits;

(2) Complied with any mitigation measures required by the Agency; and

(3) Not taken any actions or incurred any obligations with respect to the
proposed project that would either limit the range of alternatives to be
considered during the Agency's environmental review process or that would have
an adverse effect on the environment.
§ 4279.168 Timeframe for processing applications.

All complete guaranteed loan applications will be approved or disapproved within
60 days, unless approval is prevented by a lack of guarantee authority or there
are delays resulting from public comment requirements of the environmental
assessment or outstanding DOL clearance issues.
§§ 4279.169-4279.172 [Reserved]
§ 4279.173 Loan approval and obligating funds.

(a) Upon approval of a loan guarantee, the Agency will issue a Conditional
Commitment to the lender containing conditions under which a Loan Note Guarantee
will be issued. No Conditional Commitment can be issued until the loan is
obligated. If a Loan Note Guarantee is not issued by the Conditional Commitment
expiration date, the Conditional Commitment may be extended at the request of
the lender and only if there has been no material adverse change in the borrower
or the borrower's financial condition since issuance of the Conditional
Commitment. If the Conditional Commitment is not accepted, the Conditional
Commitment may be withdrawn and funds may be deobligated. Likewise, if the
Conditional Commitment expires, funds may be deobligated.

(b) If certain conditions of the Conditional Commitment cannot be met, the
lender and borrower may request changes to the Conditional Commitment. Within
the requirements of the applicable regulations and prudent lending practices,
the Agency may negotiate with the lender and the borrower regarding any proposed
changes to the Conditional Commitment. Any changes to the Conditional Commitment
must be documented by written amendment to the Conditional Commitment.

(c) The borrower must comply with all Federal requirements then in effect for
receiving Federal assistance.
§ 4279.174 Transfer of lenders.

(a) The Agency may approve the substitution of a new eligible lender in place of
a former lender who has been issued and has accepted an outstanding Conditional
Commitment when the Loan Note Guarantee has not yet been issued; provided that
there are no changes in the borrower's ownership or control, loan purposes, or
scope of project and the loan terms and conditions in the Conditional Commitment
and the loan agreement remain the same.

(b) Unless the new lender is already an approved lender, the Agency will analyze
the new lender's servicing capability, eligibility, and experience prior to
approving the substitution. The original lender must provide the Agency with a
letter stating the reasons it no longer desires to be a lender for the project.
The substituted lender must execute a new part B of Form 4279-1, Form RD 4279-4,
"Lender's Agreement," (unless a valid Lender's Agreement with the Agency already
exists), and must complete a new lender's analysis in accordance with §
4279.131. The new lender may also be required to provide other updated
application items outlined in § 4279.161(b).
§§ 4279.175-4279.179 [Reserved]
§ 4279.180 Changes in borrower.

Any changes in borrower ownership or organization prior to the issuance of the
Loan Note Guarantee must meet the eligibility requirements of the program and be
approved by the Agency.
§ 4279.181 Conditions precedent to issuance of the Loan Note Guarantee.

(a) The lender must not close the loan until all conditions of the Conditional
Commitment are met. When loan closing plans are established, the lender must
notify the Agency. Coincident with, or immediately after loan closing, the
lender must provide the following to the Agency:

(1) An executed Form RD 4279-4, unless a valid Lender's Agreement exists that
was issued after [DATE OF FINAL RULE PUBLICATION];

(2) Form RD 1980-19 and appropriate guarantee fee;

(3) Copy of the executed promissory note(s);

(4) Copy of the executed loan agreement;

(5) Copy of the executed settlement statement;

(6) Original, executed Forms RD 4279-14, as required;

(7) Any other documents required to comply with applicable law or required by
the Conditional Commitment.

(8) Borrower's loan closing balance sheet, supporting paragraph (a)(9)(i) of
this section of the lender certification, demonstrating required tangible
balance sheet equity; and

(9) The lender's certification to each of the following certifications:

(i) The capital/equity requirement was determined, based on a balance sheet
prepared by an accountant in accordance with GAAP, and met, as of the date the
guaranteed loan was closed, giving effect to the entirety of the loan in the
calculation, whether or not the loan itself is fully advanced.

(ii) All requirements of the Conditional Commitment have been met.

(iii) No major changes have been made in the lender's loan conditions and
requirements since the issuance of the Conditional Commitment, unless such
changes have been approved by the Agency in writing.

(iv) There is a reasonable prospect that the guaranteed loan and other project
debt will be repaid on time and in full (including interest) from project cash
flow according to the terms proposed in the application for loan guarantee.

(v) All planned property acquisition has been or will be completed, all
development has been or will be substantially completed in accordance with plans
and specifications and conforms with applicable Federal, State, and local codes,
and costs have not exceeded the amount approved by the lender and the Agency.

(vi) The borrower has marketable title to the collateral then owned by the
borrower, subject to the instrument securing the loan to be guaranteed and to
any other exceptions approved in writing by the Agency.

(vii) The loan has been properly closed, and the required security instruments
have been properly executed, or will be obtained on any acquired property that
cannot be covered initially under State law.

(viii) Lien priorities are consistent with the requirements of the Conditional
Commitment. No claims or liens of laborers, subcontractors, suppliers of
machinery and equipment, materialmen, or other parties have been filed against
the collateral and no suits are pending or threatened that would adversely
affect the collateral when the security instruments are filed.

(ix) When required, personal or corporate guarantees have been obtained in
accordance with § 4279.132.

(x) The loan proceeds have been or will be disbursed for purposes and in amounts
consistent with the Conditional Commitment and the application submitted to the
Agency. When applicable, the entire amount of the loan for working capital has
been disbursed to the borrower, except in cases where the Agency has approved
disbursement over an extended period of time and funds are escrowed so that the
settlement statement reflects the full amount to be disbursed.

(xi) All truth-in-lending and equal credit opportunity requirements have been
met.

(xii) There has been neither any material adverse change in the borrower's
financial condition nor any other material adverse change in the borrower, for
any reason, during the period of time from the Agency's issuance of the
Conditional Commitment to issuance of the Loan Note Guarantee regardless of the
cause or causes of the change and whether or not the change or causes of the
change were within the lender's or borrower's control. The lender must address
any assumptions or reservations in the requirement and must address all adverse
changes of the borrower, any parent, affiliate, or subsidiary of the borrower,
and guarantors.

(xiii) Neither the lender nor any of the lender's officers has an ownership
interest in the borrower or is an officer or director of the borrower, and
neither the borrower nor its officers, directors, stockholders, or other owners
have more than a 5 percent ownership interest in the lender.

(xiv) The loan agreement includes all measures identified in the Agency's
environmental impact analysis for this proposal with which the borrower must
comply for the purpose of avoiding or reducing adverse environmental impacts of
the project's construction or operation.

(xv) If required, hazard, flood, liability, workers compensation, and life
insurance are in effect.

(b) The Agency may, at its discretion, request copies of additional loan
documents for its file.

(c) When the Agency is satisfied that all conditions for the guarantee have been
met, the Agency will issue the Loan Note Guarantee and the following documents,
as appropriate.

(1) Assignment Guarantee Agreement. In the event the lender uses the single note
option and assigns the guaranteed portion of the loan to a holder, the lender,
holder, and the Agency will execute Form RD 4279-6, and

(2) Certificate of Incumbency. If requested by the lender, the Agency will
provide the lender with a certification on Form RD 4279-7, "Certificate of
Incumbency and Signature," of the signature and title of the Agency official who
signs the Loan Note Guarantee, Lender's Agreement, and Assignment Guarantee
Agreement.
§§ 4279.182-4279.186 [Reserved]
§ 4279.187 Refusal to execute Loan Note Guarantee.

If the Agency determines that it cannot execute the Loan Note Guarantee, the
Agency will promptly inform the lender of the reasons and give the lender a
reasonable period within which to satisfy the objections. If the lender
satisfies the objections within the time allowed, the Agency will issue the Loan
Note Guarantee. If the lender requests additional time in writing and within the
period allowed, the Agency may grant the request.
§§ 4279.188-4279.199 [Reserved]
§ 4279.200 OMB control number.

The information collection requirements contained in this regulation have been
approved by OMB and have been assigned OMB control number _____. Public
reporting burden for this collection of information is estimated to vary from 30
minutes to 24 hours per response, with an average of 3 hours per response,
including time for reviewing the collection of information. The burden may
increase beyond the estimates reported here, if RBS determines additional data
will need to be collected to facilitate evaluation, which can enhance the
operation and performance of the program.
PART 4287--SERVICING Back to Top

4.The authority citation for part 4287 is revised to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1932(a); 7 U.S.C. 1989.

5.Revise Subpart B to read as follows:
end regulatory text

Subpart B--Servicing Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans
    Sec.
    4287.101 Introduction.
    4287.102 Definitions and abbreviations.
    4287.103 Exception Authority.
    4287.104 [Reserved]
    4287.105 [Reserved]
    4287.106 Appeals.
    4287.107 Routine servicing.
    4287.108-4287.111 [Reserved]
    4287.112 Interest rate changes.
    4287.113 Release of collateral.
    4287.114-4287.122 [Reserved]
    4287.123 Subordination of lien position.
    4287.124 Alterations of loan instruments.
    4287.125-4287.132 [Reserved]
    4287.133 Sale of corporate stock.
    4287.134 Transfer and assumption.
    4287.135 Substitution of lender.
    4287.136 Lender failure.
    4287.137-4287.144 [Reserved]
    4287.145 Default by borrower.
    4287.146-4287.155 [Reserved]
    4287.156 Protective advances.
    4287.157 Liquidation.
    4287.158 Determination of loss and payment.
    4287.159-4287.168 [Reserved]
    4287.169 Future recovery.
    4287.170 Bankruptcy.
    4287.171-4287.179 [Reserved]
    4287.180 Termination of guarantee.
    4287.181-4287.199 [Reserved]
    4287.200 OMB control number.

Subpart B--Servicing Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans Back to Top
§ 4287.101 Introduction.

(a) This subpart supplements subparts A and B of part 4279 of this chapter by
providing additional requirements and instructions for servicing and liquidating
all B&I guaranteed loans and loans guaranteed under the Rural Energy for America
Program. This includes Drought and Disaster, Disaster Assistance for Rural
Business Enterprises, Business and Industry Disaster, and American Recovery and
Reinvestment Act guaranteed loans.

(b) The lender is responsible for servicing the entire loan and must remain
mortgagee and secured party of record notwithstanding the fact that another
party may hold a portion of the loan.

(c) Whether specifically stated or not, whenever Agency approval is required, it
must be in writing. Copies of all forms, regulations, and Instructions
referenced in this subpart may be obtained from any Agency office and from the
USDA Rural Development Web site at www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs. Whenever a form is
designated in this subpart, that designation includes predecessor and successor
forms, if applicable, as specified by the Agency.
§ 4287.102 Definitions and abbreviations.

The definitions and abbreviations contained in § 4279.2 of this chapter apply to
this subpart.
§ 4287.103 Exception authority.

Section 4279.15 of this chapter applies to this subpart.
§ 4287.104 [Reserved]
§ 4287.105 [Reserved]
§ 4287.106 Appeals.

Section 4279.16 of this chapter applies to this subpart.
§ 4287.107 Routine servicing.

The lender is responsible for servicing the entire loan and for taking all
servicing actions that a prudent lender would perform in servicing its own
portfolio of loans that are not guaranteed. The lender may contract for services
but is ultimately responsible for underwriting, loan origination, loan
servicing, and compliance with all Agency regulations. Form RD 4279-4, "Lender's
Agreement," is the contractual agreement between the lender and the Agency that
sets forth some of the lender's loan servicing responsibilities. These
responsibilities include, but are not limited to, periodic borrower visits, the
collection of payments, obtaining compliance with the covenants and provisions
in the loan agreement, obtaining and analyzing financial statements, ensuring
payment of taxes and insurance premiums, maintaining liens on collateral, and
keeping an inventory accounting of all collateral items and reconciling the
inventory of all collateral sold during loan servicing, including liquidation.

(a) Lender reports and annual renewal fee. The lender must report the
outstanding principal and interest balance and the current loan classification
on each guaranteed loan semiannually (at June 30 and December 31) using either
the USDA Lender Interactive Network Connection (LINC) system or Form RD 1980-41,
"Guaranteed Loan Status Report." The lender must transmit the annual renewal fee
to the Agency in accordance with § 4279.120(b) of this chapter calculated based
on the December 31 semiannual status report.

(b) Loan classification. The lender must provide the loan classification or
rating under its regulatory standards as of loan closing on Form RD 1980-19,
"Guaranteed Loan Closing Report." When the lender changes the loan
classification in the future, the lender must notify the Agency within 30 days,
in writing, of any change in the loan classification.

(c) Agency and lender conference. At the Agency's request, the lender must
consult with the Agency to ascertain how the guaranteed loan is being serviced
and that the conditions and covenants of the loan agreement are being enforced.

(d) Borrower financial reports. The lender must obtain, analyze, and forward to
the Agency the borrower's and any guarantor's annual financial statements
required by the loan agreement within 120 days of the end of the borrower's
fiscal year. The lender must analyze these financial statements and provide the
Agency with a written summary of the lender's analysis, ratio analysis, and
conclusions, which, at a minimum, must include trends, strengths, weaknesses,
extraordinary transactions, violations of loan covenants and covenant waivers
proposed by the lender, any routine servicing actions performed, and other
indications of the financial condition of the borrower. Spreadsheets of the
financial statements must also be included. Following the Agency's review of the
lender's financial analysis, the Agency will provide a written report of any
concerns to the lender. Any concerns based upon the Agency's review must be
addressed by the lender. If the lender makes a reasonable attempt to obtain
financial statements but is unable to obtain the borrower's cooperation, the
failure to obtain financial statements will not impair the validity of the Loan
Note Guarantee.

(e) Protection of Agency interests. If the Agency determines that the lender is
not in compliance with its servicing responsibilities, the Agency reserves the
right to take any action the Agency determines necessary to protect the Agency's
interests with respect to the loan. If the Agency exercises this right, the
lender must cooperate with the Agency to rectify the situation. In determining
any loss, the Agency will assess against the lender any cost to the Agency
associated with such action.
§§ 4287.108-4287.111 [Reserved]
§ 4287.112 Interest rate changes.

(a) The borrower, lender, and holder (if any) may collectively initiate a
permanent or temporary reduction in the interest rate of the guaranteed loan at
any time during the life of the loan upon written agreement among these parties.
The lender must obtain prior Agency concurrence and must provide a copy of the
modification agreement to the Agency. If any of the guaranteed portion has been
purchased by the Agency, the Agency (as a holder) will affirm or reject interest
rate change proposals in writing.

(b) No increases in interest rates will be permitted, except the normal
fluctuations in approved variable interest rates, unless a temporary interest
rate reduction occurred.

(c) The interest rate, after adjustments, must comply with the interest rate
requirements set forth in § 4279.125 of this chapter.

(d) The lender is responsible for the legal documentation of interest-rate
changes by an endorsement or any other legally effective amendment to the
promissory note; however, no new notes shall be issued. The lender must provide
copies of all legal documents to the Agency.
§ 4287.113 Release of collateral.

(a) Within the parameters of paragraph (c) of this section, lenders may, over
the life of the loan, release collateral (other than personal and corporate
guarantees) with a cumulative value of up to 20 percent of the original loan
amount without Agency concurrence if the proceeds generated are used to reduce
the guaranteed loan or to buy replacement collateral. Working assets, such as
accounts receivable, inventory, and work-in-progress that are routinely depleted
or sold and proceeds used for the normal course of business operations may be
used in and released for routine business purposes without prior concurrence of
the Agency as long as the loan has not been accelerated.

(b) If a release of collateral does not meet the requirements of paragraph (a)
of this section, the lender must complete a written evaluation to justify the
release and must obtain written Agency concurrence in advance of the release.

(c) Collateral must remain sufficient to provide for adequate collateral
coverage. The lender must support all releases of collateral with a value
exceeding $250,000 with a current appraisal on the collateral being released.
The appraisal must meet the requirements of § 4279.144 of this chapter. The cost
of this appraisal will not be paid for by the Agency. The Agency may, at its
discretion, require an appraisal of the remaining collateral in cases where it
has been determined that the Agency may be adversely affected by the release of
collateral. The sale or release of the collateral must be based on an arm's
length transaction, and there must be adequate consideration for the release of
collateral. Such consideration may include, but is not limited to:

(1) Application of the net proceeds from the sale of collateral to the
borrower's debts in order of their lien priority against the sold collateral;

(2) Use of the net proceeds from the sale of collateral to purchase other
collateral of equal or greater value for which the lender will obtain as
security for the benefit of the guaranteed loan with a lien position equal or
superior to the position previously held;

(3) Application of the net proceeds from the sale of collateral to the
borrower's business operation in such a manner that a significant improvement to
the borrower's debt service ability will be clearly demonstrated. The lender's
written request must detail how the borrower's debt service ability will be
improved; or

(4) Assurance that the release of collateral is essential for the success of the
business, thereby furthering the goals of the program. Such assurance must be
supported by written documentation from the lender acceptable to the Agency.
§§ 4287.114-4287.122 [Reserved]
§ 4287.123 Subordination of lien position.

A subordination of the lender's lien position must be requested in writing by
the lender and concurred with in writing by the Agency in advance of the
subordination. The lender's subordination proposal must include a financial
analysis of the servicing action and be fully supported by current financial
statements of the borrower and guarantors that are less than 90 days old.

(a) The subordination of lien position must enhance the borrower's business and
be in the best financial interest of the Agency.

(b) The lien to which the guaranteed loan is subordinated is for a fixed dollar
limit and for a fixed term after which the guaranteed loan lien priority will be
restored.

(c) Collateral must remain sufficient to provide for adequate collateral
coverage. The Agency may require a current independent appraisal in accordance
with § 4279.144 of this chapter.

(d) Lien priorities must remain for the portion of the loan that was not
subordinated.

(e) A subordination to a line of credit cannot exceed 1 year. The term of the
line of credit cannot be extended.
§ 4287.124 Alterations of loan instruments.

The lender must neither alter nor approve any alterations or modifications of
any loan instrument without the prior written approval of the Agency.
§§ 4287.125-4287.132 [Reserved]
§ 4287.133 Sale of corporate stock.

Any sale or transfer of corporate stock must be approved by the Agency in
writing and must be to an eligible individual or entity in accordance with §§
4279.108(a) and 4279.108(b) of this chapter. In the event a portion of the
borrower's stock is sold or transferred, the Agency may require personal or
corporate guarantees from those then owning a 20 percent or more interest in the
borrower in accordance with § 4279.132 of this chapter.
§ 4287.134 Transfer and assumption.

The lender may request a transfer and assumption of a guaranteed loan in
situations where the total indebtedness, or less than the total indebtedness, is
transferred to another eligible borrower on the same or different terms. A
transfer and assumption of the borrower's operation can be accomplished before
or after the loan goes into liquidation. However, if the collateral has been
purchased through foreclosure or the borrower has conveyed title to the lender,
no transfer and assumption is permitted. Additionally, no transfer and
assumption is permitted when the Agency has repurchased 100 percent of the
guaranteed portion of the loan.

(a) Documentation of request. All transfers and assumptions must be approved in
writing by the Agency and must be to an eligible borrower. The lender must
provide credit reports for each individual or entity owning 20 percent or more
interest in the transferee, along with such other documentation as the Agency
may request to determine eligibility. In accordance with § 4279.132 of this
chapter, the Agency will require personal and/or corporate guarantee(s) from all
owners that have a 20 percent or more interest in the transferee. When warranted
by an Agency assessment of potential financial risk, the Agency may also require
guarantees of parent, subsidiaries, or affiliated companies (owning less than a
20 percent interest in the borrower) and may require security for any guarantee.
The new borrower must sign Form RD 4279-1, "Application for a Loan Guarantee,"
and any guarantors of the guaranteed loan must sign Form RD 4279-14,
"Unconditional Guarantee."

(b) Terms. Loan terms may be changed with the concurrence of the Agency, all
holders, and the transferor (including guarantors) if the transferor has not
been or will not be released from liability. Any new loan terms must be within
the terms authorized by § 4279.126 of this chapter.

(c) Release of liability. The transferor, including any guarantor, may be
released from liability only with prior Agency written concurrence and only when
the value of the collateral being transferred is at least equal to the amount of
the loan being assumed and is supported by a current appraisal and a current
financial statement of the transferee. The Agency will not pay for the
appraisal. If the transfer is for less than the debt, for a release of
liability, the lender must demonstrate to the Agency that the transferor and
guarantors have no reasonable debt-paying ability considering their assets and
income in the foreseeable future.

(d) Proceeds. The lender must credit any proceeds received from the sale of
collateral before a transfer and assumption to the transferor's guaranteed loan
debt in order of lien priority before the transfer and assumption is closed.

(e) Additional loans. Loans to provide additional funds in connection with a
transfer and assumption must be considered a new loan application, which
requires submission of a complete Agency application in accordance with §
4279.161(b) of this chapter.

(f) Credit quality. The lender will provide a credit analysis of the proposal
that addresses capacity (sufficient cash flow to service the debt), capital (net
worth), collateral (assets to secure the debt), conditions (of the borrower,
industry trends, and the overall economy), and character (integrity of the
transferee management) in accordance with § 4279.131 of this chapter.

(g) Appraisals. If the proposed transfer and assumption is for the full amount
of the Agency guaranteed loan, the Agency will not require an appraisal. If the
proposed transfer and assumption is for less than the full amount of the Agency
guaranteed loan, the Agency will require an appraisal on all of the collateral
being transferred, and the amount of the assumption must not be less than this
appraised value. The lender is responsible for obtaining this appraisal, which
must conform to the requirements of § 4279.144 of this chapter. The Agency will
not pay the appraisal fee or any other costs associated with this transfer.

(h) Documents. Prior to Agency approval, the lender must provide the Agency a
written legal opinion that the transaction can be properly and legally
transferred and assurance that the conveyance instruments will be appropriately
filed, registered, and recorded.

(1) The lender must not issue any new promissory notes. The assumption must be
completed in accordance with applicable law and must contain the Agency case
number of the transferor and transferee. The lender must provide the Agency with
a copy of the transfer and assumption agreement. The lender must ensure that all
transfers and assumptions are noted on all original Loan Note Guarantees.

(2) A new loan agreement, consistent in principle with the original loan
agreement, must be executed to establish the terms and conditions of the loan
being assumed. An assumption agreement can be used to establish the loan
covenants.

(3) Upon execution of the transfer and assumption, the lender must provide the
Agency with a written legal opinion that the transfer and assumption is
completed, valid, enforceable, and certification that the transfer and
assumption is consistent with the conditions outlined in the Agency's conditions
of approval for the transfer and complies with all Agency regulations.

(i) Loss/repurchase resulting from transfer. (1) Any resulting loss must be
processed in accordance with § 4287.158.

(2) If a holder owns any of the guaranteed portion, such portion must be
repurchased by the lender or the Agency in accordance with § 4279.78 of this
chapter.

(j) Related party. If the transferor and transferee are affiliated or related
parties, any transfer and assumption must be for the full amount of the debt.

(k) Cash downpayment. The lender may allow the transferee to make cash
downpayments directly to the transferor provided:

(1) The transfer and assumption is made for the total indebtedness;

(2) The lender recommends that the cash be released, and the Agency concurs
prior to the transaction being completed. The lender may require that an amount
be retained for a defined period of time as a reserve against future defaults.
Interest on such account may be paid periodically to the transferor or
transferee as agreed;

(3) The lender determines that the transferee has the repayment ability to meet
the obligations of the assumed guaranteed loan as well as any other
indebtedness; and

(4) Any payments by the transferee to the transferor will not suspend the
transferee's obligations to continue to meet the guaranteed loan payments as
they come due under the terms of the assumption.

(l) Transfer/annual renewal fees.

(1) The Agency will charge a nonrefundable transfer fee at the time of transfer,
which may be passed on to the borrower by the lender. The transfer fee rate will
be equal to the rate of the guarantee fee authorized in § 4279.120 of this
chapter for the fiscal year in which the transfer occurs. The amount of the
transfer fee is determined by multiplying the principal balance at the time of
the transfer by the transfer fee rate by the percentage of guarantee on the
original loan.

(2) The lender must pay any annual renewal fee published in the Federal Register
and then in effect at the time the loan is closed for the duration of the Loan
Note Guarantee. Annual renewal fees are due for the entire year even if the Loan
Note Guarantee is terminated before the end of the year.
§ 4287.135 Substitution of lender.

After the issuance of a Loan Note Guarantee, the lender is prohibited from
selling or transferring the entire loan without the prior written approval of
the Agency. Because the Loan Note Guarantee is associated with a specific
promissory note and cannot be transferred to a new promissory note, the lender
must transfer the original promissory note to the new lender, who must agree to
its current loan terms, including the interest rate, secondary market holder (if
any), collateral, loan agreement terms, and guarantors. The new lender must also
obtain the original Loan Note Guarantee, original personal and corporate
guarantee(s), and the loan payment history from the transferor lender. If the
new lender wishes to modify the loan terms after acquisition, the new lender
must submit a request to the Agency.

(a) The Agency may approve the substitution of a new lender if:

(1) The proposed substitute lender:

(i) Is an eligible lender in accordance with § 4279.29 of this chapter and is
approved as such;

(ii) Is able to service the loan in accordance with the original loan documents;
and

(iii) Agrees in writing to acquire title to the unguaranteed portion of the loan
held by the original lender and assumes all original loan requirements,
including liabilities and servicing responsibilities; and

(2) The substitution of the lender is requested in writing by the borrower, the
proposed substitute lender, and the original lender of record, if still in
existence.

(b) The Agency will not pay any loss or share in any costs (e.g., appraisal fees
and environmental assessments) with a new lender unless a relationship is
established through a substitution of lender in accordance with paragraph (a) of
this section. This includes situations where a lender is acquired by another
lender and situations where the lender has failed and been taken over by a
regulatory agency such as the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) and
the loan is subsequently sold to another lender.

(c) Where the lender has failed and been taken over by the FDIC and the loan is
liquidated by the FDIC rather than being sold to another lender, the Agency will
pay losses and share in costs as if the FDIC were an approved substitute lender.

(d) In cases where there is a substitution of lender or a lender has been merged
with or acquired by another lender, the Agency and the new lender must execute a
new Form RD 4279-4, "Lender's Agreement," unless a valid Lender's Agreement
already exists with the new lender.
§ 4287.136 Lender failure.

(a) Uninsured lender. The lender or insuring agency cannot arbitrarily change
the Lender's Agreement and related documents on the guaranteed loan, and the
Agency will make the successor to the failed institution aware of the statutory
and regulatory requirements. If the acquiring institution is not an eligible
lender as set forth in § 4279.29 of this chapter, the Loan Note Guarantee will
not be enforceable, and the institution must promptly apply to become an
eligible lender. The failure of the uninsured lender to become an eligible
lender will result in the Loan Note Guarantee being unenforceable. A new lender
approved by the Agency will be afforded the benefits of the Loan Note Guarantee
in sharing of any loss and eligible expenses subject to the limits that are set
forth in the regulations governing the program.

(b) Insured lender. The FDIC and the Agency have entered into an Inter Agency
Agreement and all parties are to abide by this Agreement or successor
document(s). This document sets forth the duties and responsibilities of each
Agency when an institution fails. The lender must take such action that a
prudent lender would take if it did not have a Loan Note Guarantee to protect
the lender and Agency's mutual interest.
§§ 4287.137-4287.144 [Reserved]
§ 4287.145 Default by borrower.

The lender's primary responsibilities in default are to act prudently and
expeditiously, to work with the borrower to bring the account current or cure
the default through restructuring if a realistic plan can be developed, or to
accelerate the account and conduct a liquidation in a manner that will minimize
any potential loss. The lender may initiate liquidation subject to submission
and approval of a complete liquidation plan.

(a) The lender must notify the Agency when a borrower is more than 30 days past
due on a payment and the delinquency cannot be cured within 30 days or when a
borrower is otherwise in default of covenants in the loan agreement by promptly
submitting Form RD 1980-44, "Guaranteed Loan Borrower Default Status," or
processing the Default Status report in LINC. The lender must update the loan's
status each month using either Form RD 1980-44 or the LINC Default Status report
until such time as the loan is no longer in default. If a monetary default
exceeds 60 days, the lender must meet with the Agency and, if practical, the
borrower to discuss the situation.

(b) In considering options, the prospects for providing a permanent cure without
adversely affecting the risk to the Agency and the lender is the paramount
objective.

(1) Curative actions (subject to the rights of any holder) include, but are not
limited to:

(i) Deferment of principal and/or interest payments;

(ii) An additional unguaranteed temporary loan by the lender to bring the
account current;

(iii) Reamortization of or rescheduling the payments on the loan;

(iv) Transfer and assumption of the loan in accordance with § 4287.134 of this
subpart;

(v) Reorganization;

(vi) Liquidation; and

(vii) Changes in interest rates with the Agency's, the lender's, and any
holder's approval. Any interest rate changes must be adjusted proportionately
between the guaranteed and unguaranteed portion of the loan.

(2) The term of any deferment, rescheduling, reamortization, or moratorium will
be limited to the lesser of the remaining useful life of the collateral or
remaining limits as set forth in § 4279.126 of this chapter (excluding paragraph
(c)). Balloon payments are permitted as a loan servicing option as long as there
is a reasonable prospect for success and the remaining life of the collateral
supports the action.

(3) In the event of a loss or a repurchase, the lender cannot claim default or
penalty interest, late payment fees, or interest on interest. If the
restructuring includes the capitalization of interest, interest accrued on the
capitalized interest will not be covered by the guarantee. Consequently, it is
not eligible for repurchase from the holder and cannot be included in the loss
claim.

(c) Debt write-downs for an existing borrower, where the same principals retain
control of and decisionmaking authority for the business, are prohibited, except
as directed or ordered by the Bankruptcy Court.

(d) For loans closed on or after [DATE OF FINAL RULE PUBLICATION], in the event
of a loss, the guarantee will not cover note interest to the lender accruing
after 90 days from the most recent delinquency effective date.

(e) For loans closed on or after [DATE OF FINAL RULE PUBLICATION], the guarantee
will not cover note interest to any holder accruing after 90 days from the date
of the first demand letter from a holder to the lender requesting the repurchase
of the loan guarantee.

(f) For repurchases of guaranteed loans, refer to § 4279.78 of this chapter.
§§ 4286.146-4287.155 [Reserved]
§ 4287.156 Protective advances.

Protective advances are advances made by the lender for the purpose of
preserving and protecting the collateral where the debtor has failed to, will
not, or cannot meet its obligations. Lenders must exercise sound judgment in
determining that the protective advance preserves collateral and recovery is
actually enhanced by making the advance. Lenders cannot make protective advances
in lieu of additional loans. A protective advance claim will be paid only at the
time of the final report of loss payment.

(a) The maximum loss to be paid by the Agency will never exceed the original
loan amount plus accrued interest times the percentage of guarantee regardless
of any protective advances made.

(b) In the event of a final loss, protective advances will accrue interest at
the note rate and will be guaranteed at the same percentage of guarantee as
provided for in the Loan Note Guarantee. The guarantee will not cover interest
on the protective advance accruing after 90 days from the most recent
delinquency effective date.

(c) Protective advances must constitute an indebtedness of the borrower to the
lender and be secured by the security instruments. Agency written authorization
is required when the cumulative total of protective advances exceeds $200,000 or
10 percent of the aggregate outstanding balance of principal and interest,
whichever is less.
§ 4287.157 Liquidation.

In the event of one or more incidents of default or third party actions that the
borrower cannot or will not cure or eliminate within a reasonable period of
time, the lender, with Agency consent, must liquidate the loan. In accordance
with § 4287.145(d), for loans closed on or after [DATE OF FINAL RULE
PUBLICATION], in the event of a loss, the guarantee will not cover note interest
to the lender accruing after 90 days from the most recent delinquency effective
date.

(a) Decision to liquidate. A decision to liquidate must be made when the lender
determines that the default cannot be cured through actions such as those
contained in § 4287.145, or it has been determined that it is in the best
interest of the Agency and the lender to liquidate. The decision to liquidate or
continue with the borrower must be made as soon as possible when one or more of
the following exist:

(1) A loan is 90 days behind on any scheduled payment and the lender and the
borrower have not been able to cure the delinquency through actions such as
those contained in § 4287.145.

(2) It is determined that delaying liquidation will jeopardize full recovery on
the loan.

(3) The borrower or lender is uncooperative in resolving the problem or the
Agency or lender has reason to believe the borrower is not acting in good faith,
and it would improve the position of the guarantee to liquidate immediately.

(b) Repurchase of loan. When the decision to liquidate is made, if any portion
of the loan has been sold or assigned under § 4279.75 of this chapter and not
already repurchased, provisions will be made for repurchase in accordance with §
4279.78 of this chapter.

(c) Lender's liquidation plan. The lender is responsible for initiating actions
immediately and as necessary to assure a prompt, orderly liquidation that will
provide maximum recovery. Within 30 days after a decision to liquidate, the
lender must submit a written, proposed plan of liquidation to the Agency for
approval. The liquidation plan must be detailed and include at least the
following:

(1) Such proof as the Agency requires to establish the lender's ownership of the
guaranteed loan promissory note and related security instruments and a copy of
the payment ledger, if available, that reflects the current loan balance,
accrued interest to date, and the method of computing the interest;

(2) A full and complete list of all collateral, including any personal and
corporate guarantees;

(3) The recommended liquidation methods for making the maximum collection
possible on the indebtedness and the justification for such methods, including
recommended action for acquiring and disposing of all collateral and collecting
from guarantors;

(4) Necessary steps for preservation of the collateral;

(5) Copies of the borrower's most recently available financial statements;

(6) Copies of each guarantor's most recently available financial statements;

(7) An itemized list of estimated liquidation expenses expected to be incurred
along with justification for each expense;

(8) A schedule to periodically report to the Agency on the progress of
liquidation;

(9) Estimated protective advance amounts with justification;

(10) Proposed protective bid amounts on collateral to be sold at auction and a
breakdown to show how the amounts were determined. A protective bid may be made
by the lender, with prior Agency written approval, at a foreclosure sale to
protect the lender's and the Agency's interest. The protective bid will not
exceed the amount of the loan, including expenses of foreclosure, and must be
based on the liquidation value considering estimated expenses for holding and
reselling the property. These expenses include, but are not limited to, expenses
for resale, interest accrual, length of time necessary for resale, maintenance,
guard service, weatherization, and prior liens;

(11) If a voluntary conveyance is considered, the proposed amount to be credited
to the guaranteed debt;

(12) Legal opinions, if needed by the lender's legal counsel; and

(13) An estimate of fair market and potential liquidation value of the
collateral. If the value of the collateral is $250,000 or more, the lender must
obtain an independent appraisal report meeting the requirements of § 4279.144 of
this chapter for the collateral securing the loan, which reflects the fair
market value and potential liquidation value. The liquidation appraisal of the
collateral must evaluate the impact on market value of any release of hazardous
substances, petroleum products, or other environmental hazards. The independent
appraiser's fee, including the cost of the environmental site assessment, will
be shared equally by the Agency and the lender. In order to assure prompt
action, the liquidation plan can be submitted with an estimate of collateral
value, and the liquidation plan may be approved by the Agency subject to the
results of the final liquidation appraisal.

(d) Approval of liquidation plan. The lender's liquidation plan must be approved
by the Agency in writing. The lender and Agency must attempt to resolve any
Agency concerns. If the liquidation plan is approved by the Agency, the lender
must proceed expeditiously with liquidation and must take all legal action
necessary to liquidate the loan in accordance with the approved liquidation
plan. The lender must update or modify the liquidation plan when conditions
warrant, including a change in value based on a liquidation appraisal. If the
liquidation plan is not approved by the Agency, the lender must take such
actions that a prudent lender would take without a guarantee and keep the Agency
informed in writing. The lender must continue to develop a liquidation plan in
accordance with this section.

(e) Acceleration. The lender will proceed to accelerate the indebtedness as
expeditiously as possible when acceleration is necessary, including giving any
notices and taking any other legal actions required. The guaranteed loan will be
considered in liquidation once the loan has been accelerated and a demand for
payment has been made upon the borrower. The lender must obtain from the Agency
concurrence prior to the acceleration of the loan if the sole basis for
acceleration is a nonmonetary default. In the case of monetary default, prior
approval by the Agency of the lender's acceleration is not required, although
Agency concurrence must still be given not later than at the time the
liquidation plan is approved. The lender will provide a copy of the acceleration
notice or other acceleration document to the Agency.

(f) Filing an estimated loss claim. When the lender owns any of the guaranteed
portion of the loan, the lender must file an estimated loss claim once a
decision has been made to liquidate if the liquidation is expected to exceed 90
days. The estimated loss payment will be based on the liquidation value of the
collateral. For the purpose of reporting and loss claim computation, for loans
closed on or after [FINAL RULE PUBLICATION DATE], the guarantee will not cover
note interest to the lender accruing after 90 days from the most recent
delinquency effective date. The Agency will promptly process the loss claim in
accordance with applicable Agency regulations as set forth in § 4287.158.

(g) Accounting and reports. The lender must account for funds during the period
of liquidation and must, in accordance with the Agency-approved liquidation
plan, provide the Agency with reports on the progress of liquidation including
disposition of collateral, resulting costs, and additional procedures necessary
for successful completion of the liquidation.

(h) Transmitting payments and proceeds to the Agency. When the Agency is the
holder of a portion of the guaranteed loan, the lender must transmit to the
Agency its pro rata share of any payments received from the borrower,
liquidation, or other proceeds using Form RD 1980-43, "Lender's Guaranteed Loan
Payment to Rural Development."

(i) Abandonment of collateral. When the lender adequately documents that the
cost of liquidation would exceed the potential recovery value of certain
collateral and receives Agency concurrence, the lender may abandon that
collateral. When the lender makes a recommendation for abandonment of
collateral, it must comply with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G.

(j) Personal or corporate guarantees. The lender must take action to maximize
recovery from all personal and corporate guarantees, including seeking
deficiency judgments when there is a reasonable chance of future collection.

(k) Compromise settlement. Compromise settlements must be approved by the lender
and the Agency. Complete current financial information on all parties obligated
for the loan must be provided. At a minimum, the compromise settlement must be
equivalent to the value and timeliness of that which would be received from
attempting to collect on the guarantee. The guarantor cannot be released from
liability until the full amount of the compromise settlement has been received.
In weighing whether the compromise settlement should be accepted, among other
things, the Agency will weigh whether the comparison is more financially
advantageous than collecting on the guarantee.

(l) Litigation. In all litigation proceedings involving the borrower, the lender
is responsible for protecting the rights of the lender and the Agency with
respect to the loan and keeping the Agency adequately and regularly informed, in
writing, of all aspects of the proceedings. If the Agency determines that the
lender is not adequately protecting the rights of the lender or the Agency with
respect to the loan, the Agency reserves the right to take any legal action the
Agency determines necessary to protect the rights of the lender, on behalf of
the lender, or the Agency with respect to the loan. If the Agency exercises this
right, the lender must cooperate with the Agency. Any cost to the Agency
associated with such action will be assessed against the lender.
§ 4287.158 Determination of loss and payment.

Unless the Agency anticipates a future recovery, the Agency will make a final
settlement with the lender after the collateral is liquidated or after
settlement and compromise of all parties has been completed. The Agency has the
right to recover losses paid under the guarantee from any party that may be
liable.

(a) Report of loss form. Form RD 449-30, "Loan Note Guarantee Report of Loss,"
will be used for reporting and calculating all estimated and final loss
determinations.

(b) Estimated loss. In accordance with the requirements of § 4287.157(f), the
lender must prepare an estimated loss claim, based on liquidation appraisal
value, and submit it to the Agency.

(1) Interest accrual eligible for payment under the guarantee on the defaulted
loan will be discontinued when the estimated loss is paid.

(2) A protective advance claim will be paid only at the time of the final report
of loss payment.

(3) The estimated loss payment is a payment to the lender and is not to be
applied as a payment on the loan for purposes of reducing the unpaid balance
owed by the borrower or for status reporting (semi-annual status/default status
reports).

(c) Final loss. Within 30 days after liquidation of all collateral is completed
(except for certain unsecured personal or corporate guarantees as provided for
in this section), the lender must prepare a final report of loss and submit it
to the Agency. The Agency will not guarantee interest beyond 90 days from the
date any holder makes demand, or, if the lender holds all or a portion of the
guaranteed loan, no more than 90 days from the most recent delinquency effective
date as reported by the lender. Before approval by the Agency of any final loss
report, the lender must account for all funds during the period of liquidation,
disposition of the collateral, all costs incurred, and any other information
necessary for the successful completion of liquidation. Upon receipt of the
final accounting and report of loss, the Agency may audit all applicable
documentation to determine the final loss. The lender must make its records
available and otherwise assist the Agency in making any investigation. The
documentation accompanying the report of loss must support the amounts reported
as losses on Form RD 449-30.

(1) The lender must make a determination regarding the collectability of
unsecured personal and corporate guarantees. If reasonably possible, the lender
must promptly collect or otherwise dispose of such guarantees in accordance with
§ 4287.157(j) prior to completion of the final loss report. However, in the
event that collection from the guarantors appears unlikely or will require a
prolonged period of time, the lender must file the report of loss when all other
collateral has been liquidated. Unsecured personal or corporate guarantees
outstanding at the time of the submission of the final loss claim will be
treated as a future recovery with the net proceeds to be shared on a pro rata
basis by the lender and the Agency. Debts owed to the Agency (Federal debt) may
be collected using DCIA authority. The Agency may consider a compromise
settlement of Federal debt after it has processed a final report of loss and
issued a 60 day due process letter. Any funds collected on Federal debt will not
be shared with the lender.

(2) The lender must document that all of the collateral has been accounted for
and properly liquidated and liquidation proceeds have been accounted for and
applied correctly to the loan.

(3) The lender must provide receipts and a breakdown of any protective advance
amount as to the payee, purpose of the expenditure, date paid, and evidence that
the amount expended was proper.

(4) The lender must provide receipts and a breakdown of liquidation expenses as
to the payee, purpose of the expenditure, date paid, and evidence that the
amount expended was proper. Liquidation expenses are recoverable only from
liquidation proceeds. The Agency may approve attorney/legal fees as liquidation
expenses provided that the fees are reasonable, require the assistance of
attorneys, and cover legal issues pertaining to the liquidation that could not
be properly handled by the lender and its employees.

(5) The lender must support accrued interest by documenting how the amount was
accrued. If the interest rate was a variable rate, the lender must include
documentation of changes in both the selected base rate and the loan rate.

(6) The Agency will pay loss payments within 60 days after it has reviewed the
complete final loss report and accounting of the collateral.

(d) Loss limit. The amount payable by the Agency to the lender cannot exceed the
limits set forth in the Loan Note Guarantee.

(e) Liquidation expenses. The Agency will deduct liquidation expenses from the
liquidation proceeds of the collateral. The lender cannot claim any liquidation
expenses in excess of liquidation proceeds. Any changes to the liquidation
expenses that exceed 10 percent of the amount proposed in the liquidation plan
must be approved by the Agency. Reasonable attorney/legal expenses will be
shared by the lender and Agency equally, including those instances where the
lender has incurred such expenses from a trustee conducting the liquidation of
assets. The lender cannot claim the guarantee fee or the annual renewal fee as
authorized liquidation expenses, and no in-house expenses of the lender will be
allowed. In-house expenses include, but are not limited to, employee's salaries,
staff lawyers, travel, and overhead.

(f) Rent. The lender must apply any net rental or other income that it receives
from the collateral to the guaranteed loan debt.

(g) Payment. Once the Agency approves the Form RD 449-30 and supporting
documents submitted by the lender:

(1) If the loss is greater than any estimated loss payment, the Agency will pay
the additional amount owed by the Agency to the lender.

(2) If the loss is less than the estimated loss payment, the lender must
reimburse the Agency for the overpayment plus interest at the note rate from the
date of payment.
§§ 4287.159-4287.168 [Reserved]
§ 4287.169 Future recovery.

Unless notified otherwise by the Agency, after the final loss claim has been
paid, the lender must use reasonable efforts to attempt collection from any
party still liable on any loan that was guaranteed. Any net proceeds from that
effort must be split pro rata between the lender and the Agency based on the
original amount of the loan guarantee. Any collection of Federal debt made by
the U.S. from any liable party to the guaranteed loan will not be split with the
lender.
§ 4287.170 Bankruptcy.

(a) Lender's responsibilities. It is the lender's responsibility to protect the
guaranteed loan and all of the collateral securing it in bankruptcy proceedings.
These responsibilities include, but are not limited to the following:

(1) Monitoring confirmed bankruptcy plans to determine borrower compliance, and,
if the borrower fails to comply, seeking a dismissal of the bankruptcy plan;

(2) Filing a proof of claim, where necessary, and all the necessary papers and
pleadings concerning the case;

(3) Attending and, where necessary, participating in meetings of the creditors
and all court proceedings;

(4) Requesting modifications of any bankruptcy plan whenever it appears that
additional recoveries are likely; and

(5) Keeping the Agency adequately and regularly informed in writing of all
aspects of the proceedings.

(6) The lender must submit a default status report when the borrower defaults
and every 30 days until the default is resolved or a final loss claim is paid by
the Agency. The default status report will be used to inform the Agency of the
bankruptcy filing, the plan confirmation date, when the plan is complete, and
when the borrower is not in compliance with the plan.

(7) With written Agency consent, the lender and Agency will equally share the
cost of any independent appraisal fee to protect the guaranteed loan in any
bankruptcy proceedings.

(b) Reports of loss during bankruptcy. In bankruptcy proceedings, payment of
loss claims will be made as provided in this section. Attorney/legal fees and
protective advances as a result of a bankruptcy are only recoverable from
liquidation proceeds and not the guarantee on the loan.

(1) Estimated loss payments. (i) If a borrower has filed for bankruptcy and all
or a portion of the debt has been discharged, the lender must request an
estimated loss payment of the guaranteed portion of the accrued interest and
principal discharged by the court. Only one estimated loss payment is allowed
during the bankruptcy. All subsequent claims of the lender during bankruptcy
will be considered revisions to the initial estimated loss. A revised estimated
loss payment may be processed by the Agency, at its option, in accordance with
any court-approved changes in the bankruptcy plan. Once the bankruptcy plan has
been completed, the lender is responsible for submitting the documentation
necessary for the Agency to review and adjust the estimated loss claim to
reflect any actual discharge of principal and interest and to reimburse the
lender for any court-ordered interest-rate reduction under the terms of the
bankruptcy plan.

(ii) The lender must use Form RD 449-30 to request an estimated loss payment and
to revise any estimated loss payments during the course of the bankruptcy plan.
The estimated loss claim, as well as any revisions to this claim, must be
accompanied by documentation to support the claim.

(iii) Upon completion of a bankruptcy plan, the lender must complete a Form RD
1980-44 and forward this form to the Agency.

(iv) Upon completion of the bankruptcy plan, the lender must provide the Agency
with the documentation necessary to determine whether the estimated loss paid
equals the actual loss sustained. If the actual loss sustained as a result of
the bankruptcy is less than the estimated loss, the lender must reimburse the
Agency for the overpayment plus interest at the note rate from the date of
payment of the estimated loss. If the actual loss is greater than the estimated
loss payment, the lender must submit a revised estimated loss claim in order to
obtain payment of the additional amount owed by the Agency to the lender.

(2) Bankruptcy loss payments. (i) The lender must request a bankruptcy loss
payment of the guaranteed portion of the accrued interest and principal
discharged by the court for all bankruptcies when all or a portion of the debt
has been discharged. Unless the Bankruptcy Court approves a subsequent change to
the bankruptcy plan that is adverse to the lender, only one bankruptcy loss
payment is allowed during the bankruptcy. Once the Bankruptcy Court has
discharged all or part of the guaranteed loan and any appeal period has run, the
lender must submit the documentation necessary for the Agency to review and
adjust the bankruptcy loss claim to reflect any actual discharge of principal
and interest.

(ii) The lender must use Form RD 449-30 to request a bankruptcy loss payment and
to revise any bankruptcy loss payments during the course of the bankruptcy. The
lender must include with the bankruptcy loss claim documentation to support the
claim, as well as any revisions to this claim.

(iii) Upon completion of a bankruptcy plan, restructure, or liquidation, the
lender must either complete a Form RD 1980-44 and forward this form to the
Agency or enter the data directly into LINC.

(iv) If an estimated loss claim is paid during a bankruptcy and the borrower
repays in full the remaining balance without an additional loss sustained by the
lender, a final report of loss is not necessary.

(3) Interest rate losses as a result of bankruptcy reorganization. (i) For
guaranteed loans approved prior to [DATE OF FINAL RULE PUBLICATION]:

(A) Interest losses sustained during the period of the bankruptcy plan will be
processed in accordance with paragraph (b)(1) of this section;

(B) Interest losses sustained after the bankruptcy plan is confirmed will be
processed annually when the lender sustains a loss as a result of a permanent
interest rate reduction that extends beyond the period of the bankruptcy plan;

(C) If a bankruptcy loss claim is paid during the operation of the bankruptcy
plan and the borrower repays in full the remaining balance without an additional
loss sustained by the lender, a final report of loss is not necessary.

(ii) For guaranteed loans approved on or after [DATE OF FINAL RULE PUBLICATION],
the Agency will not compensate the lender for any difference in the interest
rate specified in the Loan Note Guarantee and the rate of interest specified in
the bankruptcy plan.

(4) Final bankruptcy loss payments. The Agency will process final bankruptcy
loss payments when the loan is fully liquidated.

(5) Application of loss claim payments. The lender must apply estimated loss
payments first to the unsecured principal of the guaranteed portion of the debt
and then to the unsecured interest of the guaranteed portion of the debt. In the
event a bankruptcy court attempts to direct the payments to be applied in a
different manner, the lender must immediately notify the Agency in writing.

(6) Protective advances. If approved protective advances, as authorized by §
4287.156 were incurred in connection with the initiation of liquidation action
and were required to provide repairs, insurance, etc., to protect the collateral
as result of delays in the case of failure of the borrower to maintain the
security prior to the borrower having filed bankruptcy, the protective advances
together with accrued interest, are payable under the guarantee in the final
loss claim.

(c) Expenses during bankruptcy proceedings. (1) Under no circumstances will the
guarantee cover liquidation expenses in excess of liquidation proceeds.

(2) Expenses, such as reasonable attorney/legal fees and the cost of appraisals
incurred by the lender as a direct result of the borrower's bankruptcy filing,
are considered liquidation expenses and will be shared equally by the lender and
the Agency. Liquidation expenses must be deducted from collateral sale proceeds.
Liquidation expenses are covered under the guarantee, provided they are
reasonable, customary, and provide a demonstrated economic benefit to the lender
and the Agency. Lender's in-house expenses, which are those expenses that would
normally be incurred for administration of the loan, including in-house lawyers,
are not covered by the guarantee.

(3) When a bankruptcy proceeding results in a liquidation of the borrower by a
bankruptcy trustee, expenses will be handled as directed by the court, and the
lender cannot claim liquidation expenses for the sale of the assets.

(4) If the property is abandoned by the bankruptcy trustee, the lender will
conduct the liquidation in accordance with § 4287.157.

(5) Proceeds received from partial sale of collateral during bankruptcy may be
used by the lender to pay reasonable costs, such as freight, labor and sales
commissions, associated with the partial sale. Reasonable use of proceeds for
this purpose must be documented with the final loss claim.

(6) Reasonable and customary liquidation expenses in bankruptcy may be deducted
from liquidation proceeds of collateral.
§§ 4287.171-4287.179 [Reserved]
§ 4287.180 Termination of guarantee.

The Loan Note Guarantee will terminate under any of the following conditions:

(a) Upon full payment of the guaranteed loan;

(b) Upon full payment of any loss obligation; or

(c) Upon written notice from the lender to the Agency that the guarantee will
terminate 30 days after the date of notice, provided that the lender holds all
of the guaranteed portion and the Loan Note Guarantee is returned to the Agency
to be canceled.
§§ 4287.181-4287.199 [Reserved]
§ 4287.200 OMB control number.

The information collection requirements contained in this regulation have been
approved by OMB and have been assigned OMB control number ___. Public reporting
burden for this collection of information is estimated to vary from 30 minutes
to 25 hours per response, with an average of 2.5 hours per response, including
time for reviewing the collection of information. The burden may increase beyond
the estimate reported here, if RBS determines additional data will need to be
collected to facilitate evaluation, which can enhance the operation and
performance of the program.

Dated: August 28, 2014.

Doug O'Brien,

Acting Under Secretary, Rural Development.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              485 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

Guaranteed Loanmaking and Servicing Regulations

LENGTH: 41266  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:


Action

Proposed Rule.
Summary

The Rural Business-Cooperative Service (Agency) is an agency within the Rural
Development mission area of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
responsible for administering the Business and Industry (B&I) Guaranteed Loan
Program. The B&I Guaranteed Loan Program is authorized by the Consolidated Farm
and Rural Development Act and provides loan guarantees to banks and other
approved lenders to finance private businesses located in rural areas.

The Agency is proposing changes to refine the regulations for the B&I Guaranteed
Loan Program in an effort to improve program delivery, clarify the regulations
to make them easier to understand, and reduce delinquencies. The proposed
changes to the program are expected to reduce the subsidy rate and thereby lower
program subsidy costs over time as the proposed rule is implemented. By lowering
the subsidy rate, the Agency may be able to provide greater leverage for the
budget authority provided by Congress. This will allow the Agency to guarantee a
higher total dollar amount of loan requests and, assuming the same average size
of loans being guaranteed, to guarantee more loans. These changes could also
result in increased lending activity, expanded business opportunities, and
creation of more jobs in rural areas.
Unified Agenda
Business and Industry (B&I) Guaranteed Loan Program

1 action from June 2014

June 2014
        Proposed Rule


Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    I. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION
    Executive Order 12866, Regulatory Planning and Review
    Programs Affected
    Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs
    Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform
    Executive Order 13132, Federalism
    Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments
    Regulatory Flexibility Act
    Unfunded Mandates Reform Act
    Environmental Impact Statement
    Paperwork Reduction Act
    Comments
    E-Government Act Compliance
    II. Background
    III. Executive Summary
    Purpose of the Regulatory Action
    Summary of the Major Provisions of the Regulatory Action
    IV. Discussion of the Proposed Rule
    List of Subjects for 7 CFR Parts 4279 and 4287
    PART 4279--GUARANTEED LOANMAKING
    Subpart A--General
    Subpart A--General
    Subpart B--Business and Industry Loans
    PART 4279--GUARANTEED LOANMAKING
    Subpart B--Business and Industry Loans
    PART 4287--SERVICING
    Subpart B--Servicing Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans
    Subpart B--Servicing Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans

DATES: Back to Top

Comments on the proposed rule must be received on or before November 14, 2014.
The comment period for the information collection under the Paperwork Reduction
Act of 1995 continues through November 14, 2014.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

You may submit comments to this rule by any of the following methods:

Federal eRulemaking Portal: http://www.regulations.gov. Follow the instructions
for submitting comments.
    Mail: Submit written comments via the U.S. Postal Service to the Branch
Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0742
with a copy to Brenda Griffin, Rural Development, Business Programs, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Stop 3224, Washington,
DC 20250-3224.
    Hand Delivery/Courier: Submit written comments via Federal Express Mail or
other courier service requiring a street address to the Branch Chief,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 300
7th Street SW., 7th Floor, Washington, DC 20024 with a copy to Brenda Griffin,
Rural Development, Business Programs, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Room 6847, Washington, DC 20250-3224.

All written comments will be available for public inspection during regular work
hours at the 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor address listed above. Comments will
also be available through regulations.gov referencing RIN number 0570-AA85.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Brenda Griffin, Rural Development, Business Programs, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Stop 3224, Washington, DC 20250-3224;
email: brenda.griffin@wdc.usda.gov; telephone (202) 720-6802.
I. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION Back to Top
Executive Order 12866, Regulatory Planning and Review

This proposed rule has been reviewed under Executive Order (EO) 12866 and has
been determined to be significant. The EO defines a "economically significant
regulatory action" as one that is likely to result in a rule that may have an
annual effect on the economy of $100 million or more or adversely affect, in a
material way, the economy, a sector of the economy, productivity, competition,
jobs, the environment, public health or safety, or State, local, or tribal
governments or communities. The actions in this rule collectively are not
expected to have an impact of $100 million or more, which negates the need for a
more detailed assessment of likely benefits and costs and analysis of
potentially effective and reasonably feasible alternatives.
Programs Affected

The Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance program number assigned to the B&I
Guaranteed Loan Program is 10.768.
Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs

B Guaranteed Loans are subject to the Provisions of Executive Order 12372, which
require intergovernmental consultation with State and local officials. The
Agency will conduct intergovernmental consultation in the manner delineated in 7
CFR part 3015, subpart V, or successor regulations.
Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform

This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform.
The Agency has determined that this rule meets the applicable standards provided
in section 3 of the Executive Order. Additionally, (1) all state and local laws
and regulations that are in conflict with this rule will be preempted; (2) no
retroactive effect will be given to the rule; and (3) administrative appeal
procedures, if any, must be exhausted before litigation against the Department
or its agencies may be initiated, in accordance with the regulations of the
National Appeals Division of USDA at 7 CFR part 11.
Executive Order 13132, Federalism

The policies contained in this proposed rule do not have any substantial direct
effect on states, on the relationship between the national government and the
states, or on the distribution of power and responsibilities among the various
levels of government. Nor does this proposed rule impose substantial direct
compliance costs on state and local governments. Therefore, consultation with
states is not required.
Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments

This executive order imposes requirements on the Agency in the development of
regulatory policies that have tribal implications or preempt tribal laws. Rural
Development has determined that this proposed rule does not have a substantial
direct effect on one or more Indian tribe(s) or on either the relationship or
the distribution of powers and responsibilities between the Federal Government
and Indian tribes. Thus, this proposed rule is not subject to the requirements
of Executive Order 13175. If a tribe determines that this rule has implications
of which Rural Development is not aware and would like to engage with Rural
Development on this rule, please contact Rural Development's Native American
Coordinator at (720) 544-2911 or AIAN@wdc.usda.gov
Regulatory Flexibility Act

Under section 605(b) of the Regulatory Flexibility Act, 5 U.S.C. 605(b), the
Agency certifies that this rule will not have a significant economic impact on a
substantial number of small entities. This proposed rule affects lenders that
utilize the B Guaranteed Loan Program and any potential lenders that may utilize
the program in the future. There are currently 1,117 active lenders in the B
portfolio. The Agency estimates that approximately 50 percent of the lenders
that utilize the program are small community banks that are considered a small
entity, as defined by the Regulatory Flexibility Act. Therefore, the Agency has
determined that this proposed rule will have an impact on a substantial number
of small entities.

However, the Agency has determined that the economic impact of the proposed rule
on these small lenders will not be significant. Many of the changes being
implemented in the rule are tweaks to the program that lenders have suggested at
a series of lender roundtable meetings or during annual lender visits that do
not have any economic impact on the lenders. The most significant change in the
rule that affects lenders is the criteria to become an approved non-regulated
lender. This change by itself, however, does not have a significant economic
impact on a substantial number of entities as it affects less than 2 percent of
the active lenders (approximately 21 non-regulated lenders). Based on the data
in the Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) burden package, the Agency estimates the
cost of the proposed rule to be approximately $1,600 per lender. This is based
on determining which of the estimated costs in the PRA burden package would be
incurred by the lenders applying for and participating in the program, and the
estimated number of lenders. SBA's definition of a small business for lenders is
total assets of $500 million or less. The Agency selected 20 small lenders at
random to determine their total assets. Based on 2014 data, the range of total
assets for these 20 lenders is $52.6 million to $476 million. The average cost
of $1,600 per lender represents less than 0.003% of the total assets of the
smallest of these 20 lenders. Therefore, this rule will not have a significant
impact on a substantial number of small entities.
Unfunded Mandates Reform Act

This rule contains no Federal mandates (under the regulatory provisions of Title
II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995) for State, local, and tribal
governments or the private sector. Thus, this rule is not subject to the
requirements of sections 202 and 205 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of
1995.
Environmental Impact Statement

This rule has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G,
"Environmental Program." The Agency has determined that this action does not
constitute a major Federal action significantly affecting the quality of the
human environment, and in accordance with the National Environmental Protection
Policy Act of 1969 (NEPA), 42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq., an Environmental Impact
Statement is not required.

Under this program, the Agency conducts a NEPA review for each application
received. To date, no significant environmental impacts have been reported, and
Findings of No Significant Impact (FONSI) have been issued for each approved
application. Taken collectively, the applications show limited potential for
significant adverse cumulative effects.
Paperwork Reduction Act

In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the Rural
Business-Cooperative Service announces its intention to seek OMB approval of the
new reporting and recordkeeping requirements contained in this regulation.

The following estimates are based on an estimated volume of activity of 100
preapplications, 600 applications, and 550 new loan guarantees. Preapplications
are not required and are submitted at the option of the lender. The purpose of a
preapplication is to allow a lender to submit a limited amount of information,
most of which should be easily obtained, so that the Agency can determine and
advise the lender whether the request is likely to meet the requirements of the
program. Some lenders will skip the preapplication process and submit a full
application as the first contact with the Agency. If the information is
submitted in a preapplication, it would not need to be resubmitted in the
application unless the financials become more than 90 days old between the time
of preapplication and application. Applications are evaluated by the Agency to
determine whether the borrower is eligible, the proposed loan is for an eligible
purpose, there is reasonable assurance of repayment ability, there is sufficient
collateral and equity, and the proposed loan complies with all applicable
statutes and regulations.

Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for the additional proposed
requirements will increase the current collection of information by an estimated
total of 5,111 hours. The Agency anticipates the number of respondents to
fluctuate based on funding levels. The average burden per respondent under the
current rule is estimated to be 8 hours, and the average burden under the
proposed rule is estimated to be 11 hours, for an estimated increase of 3 hours
per respondent.

Respondents: Primary respondents for this data are lending institutions and
rural for profit businesses but also include individuals, non-profit businesses,
Indian tribes, public bodies, and cooperatives. The estimates below are for all
three subparts associated with this rule and include the additional proposed
requirements.

Estimated Number of Respondents: 3,675.

Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 1-4.

Estimated Number of Responses: 27,076.

Estimated Total Annual Burden (hours) on Respondents: 40,511.

Copies of this information collection can be obtained from Jeanne Jacobs,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, Support Services Division, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, Rural Development, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Ave.
SW., Washington, DC 20250-0742 or by calling (202) 692-0040.
Comments

Comments are invited on: (a) The accuracy of the new Rural Development estimate
of the burden of the proposed collection of information, including the validity
of the methodology and assumptions used; (b) ways to enhance the quality,
utility, and clarity of the information to be collected; and (c) ways to
minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who are to
respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology. Comments may be sent to Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and
Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture, Rural Development,
STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Washington, DC 20250. All responses to
this proposed rule will be summarized and included in the request for OMB
approval. All comments will also become a matter of public record. Comments can
be viewed at regulations.gov under RIN number 0570-AA85.
E-Government Act Compliance

Rural Development is committed to complying with the E-Government Act, to
promote the use of the Internet and other information technologies to provide
increased opportunities for citizen access to Government information and
services, and for other purposes.
II. Background Back to Top

Rural Development administers a multitude of Federal programs for the benefit of
rural America, ranging from housing and community facilities to infrastructure
and business development. Its mission is to increase economic opportunity and
improve the quality of life in rural communities by providing the leadership,
infrastructure, access to capital, and technical support that enables rural
communities to prosper. To achieve its mission, Rural Development provides
financial support--including direct loans, grants, and loan guarantees--and
technical assistance to help improve the quality of life and provide the
foundation for economic development in rural areas.

The B Guaranteed Loan Program was authorized by the Rural Development Act of
1972. The loans are made by private lenders to rural businesses for the purpose
of creating new businesses, expanding existing businesses, and for other
purposes that create employment opportunities in rural America. Businesses in
rural areas are eligible for this program. Rural area, as defined by 7 CFR
4279.108(c), is defined as any area other than a city or town of more than
50,000 inhabitants and the urbanized area contiguous and adjacent to such a city
or town. The types of borrowers that are served by the B Guaranteed Loan Program
are cooperative organizations, corporations, partnerships, or other legal
entities organized and operated on a profit or nonprofit basis; an Indian tribe
on a Federal or State reservation or other Federally recognized tribal group; a
public body; or an individual, provided the borrower is engage in, or proposing
to engage, in a business. Loans can be made for a variety of purposes including
business acquisition, expansion or improvement; purchase of real estate,
machinery and equipment, or supplies; debt refinancing; and working capital. The
rate and term of the loan is negotiated between the business and the lender.

The regulations for the B&I Guaranteed Loan Program were rewritten in 1996 to
streamline and simplify the regulations for the program while shifting primary
responsibility for loan documentation and analysis from the Agency to the
lenders to make the program more responsive to the needs of lenders and rural
businesses.
III. Executive Summary Back to Top
Purpose of the Regulatory Action

The Agency is promulgating these regulations to improve program delivery,
clarify the regulations to make them easier to understand, and reduce
delinquencies. The changes should reduce the cash outflows and increase the cash
inflows associated with the B&I Guaranteed Loan Program portfolio, resulting in
a lower subsidy rate. A lower subsidy rate should result in increased lending
activity, the expansion of business opportunities, and the creation of more jobs
in rural areas. Changes proposed originated from informal third party comments
and Agency experience in administering the program, including observations from
assessment reviews and recommendations from the Agency's internal Business
Programs Advisory Team.

The Agency believes the proposed changes in the rule may increase lending
activity, resulting in the expansion of business opportunities and the creation
of more jobs in rural America, and improve the program's effectiveness by
improving the prosperity of rural residents through guarantees of targeted
investments that may improve rural competitiveness, facilitate industrial
conversion, and enable rural residents to profit from private sector activity.
The revisions contained herein may improve the efficiency and effectiveness of
the program and make the regulation more customer friendly and easier to
understand. The Agency thinks that errors may be reduced because the guidelines
and requirements will be clearer and better organized.

The proposed rule's incremental effect to the public will be to nominally
increase the burden for lenders seeking to be an eligible lender and for "new"
investors in projects that receive B&I loan guarantees after the Loan Note
Guarantee is issued by a total of approximately $4,800 per year. The cost to
participating lenders and borrowers was estimated to be approximately $2.5
million. The cost to the Federal government to administer the program was
estimated to be approximately $2.1 million.
Summary of the Major Provisions of the Regulatory Action

This proposed rule is intended to replace the B Guaranteed Loan Program
regulations under 7 CFR parts 4279 and 4287, which will not significantly depart
from the current program of loan guarantees for businesses in rural areas.

The rule will strengthen criteria for non-regulated lenders to participate in
the program. It will also codify provisions of the 2008 Farm Bill, including two
types of rural area exceptions and eligibility of local foods projects and
cooperative equity security guarantees. The rule also includes provisions for
New Markets Tax Credits and the Cooperative Stock Purchase Program. Changes are
also made to the loan scoring criteria. Loan servicing changes include the
termination of interest accrual to the lender after 90 days from the delinquency
effective date or to a holder 90 days from the date of the first demand letter
from any holder of the guaranteed portion. Additionally, attorney/legal fees
that the lender can claim in the liquidation process will be reduced from full
reimbursement to being shared equally between the lender and the Agency. The
rule also adds the ability to obtain personal and corporate guarantees from
those owning 20 percent of the business when there is a sale of the borrower's
stock.
IV. Discussion of the Proposed Rule Back to Top

Following is a discussion of some of the most significant policy revisions
included in this proposed rule.

Eligible lenders for the program include regulated lenders (formerly known as
"traditional lenders") and Agency-approved non-regulated lenders (formerly known
as "other lenders"). Insurance companies will no longer be considered
traditional or regulated lenders under the program because historically,
insurance companies have had significant default and loss rates in the Agency
B&I Guaranteed Loan portfolio. However, insurance companies will be able to
apply to become Agency-approved eligible lenders by meeting criteria of a
non-regulated lender established in the regulation. Lenders will have to execute
a new Lender's Agreement to originate new guaranteed loans; however, existing
lenders are bound by their existing Lender's Agreements and must continue to
service existing guaranteed loans in their portfolio regardless of whether they
wish to originate new guaranteed loans.

Criteria to become an approved non-regulated lender for the B&I program will be
strengthened under this proposed rule due to higher than usual default and loss
rates for this type of lender in the Agency B&I Guaranteed Loan portfolio.
Non-regulated lenders will be able to become eligible lenders for a 3-year
period and may request renewals to continue originating loans under the program.
Non-regulated lenders will have to have and maintain 10 percent tangible balance
sheet equity, which is up from the 7 percent previously required. Non-regulated
lenders will have to have a record of successfully making at least 10 commercial
loans annually totaling at least $1 million for each of the last 5 years, with
lender's delinquent commercial loan portfolio over that period not exceeding 6
percent of all commercial loans made and 3 percent in commercial loan losses
based on the original principal loan amount. In addition, non-regulated lenders
will have to maintain a loss reserve and undergo a credit examination that must
be acceptable to the Agency. These requirements are being strengthened to ensure
participation in the program by lenders that have a thorough knowledge of
commercial lending and high standards of professional competence to operate a
successful lending program.

Under the B&I program, a rural area is generally any area of a State other than
a city or town that has a population of greater than 50,000 inhabitants and any
urbanized area contiguous and adjacent to such a city or town. In making this
determination, the Agency will use the latest decennial census from the U.S.
Census Bureau. The 2008 Farm Bill added the ability to make two different types
of rural area exceptions, which was incorporated into the Consolidated Farm and
Rural Development Act. Section 343(a)(13)(E) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural
Development Act states: "Notwithstanding any other provision of this definition,
in determining which census blocks in an urbanized area are not in a rural area,
the Agency shall exclude any cluster of census blocks that would otherwise be
considered not in a rural area only because the cluster is adjacent to not more
than two census blocks that are otherwise considered not in a rural area under
this definition." Additionally, the Under Secretary for Rural Development may
determine that areas are "rural in character," and therefore eligible for the
program, under certain circumstances. Any determination made by the Under
Secretary under this provision will be to areas that are determined to be "rural
in character" in accordance with Section 343(a)(13)(D) of the Consolidated Farm
and Rural Development Act and are within: (1) An urbanized area that has two
points on its boundary that are at least 40 miles apart, which is not contiguous
or adjacent to a city or town that has a population of greater than 150,000
inhabitants or the urbanized area of such city or town; or (2) an area within an
urbanized area contiguous and adjacent to a city or town of greater than 50,000
inhabitants that is within a quarter mile of a rural area.

Presently, corporations or other non public-body type borrowers must be at least
51 percent owned by persons who are either citizens of the U.S. or reside in the
U.S. after being legally admitted for permanent residence to be eligible
borrowers under the B&I program. The Agency is inviting public comment on
whether guaranteed loans should be made to businesses that do not meet this
requirement, if the facility being financed will create new or save existing
jobs for rural U.S. residents and when loan funds are used only for fixed assets
that will remain in the U.S. This could provide flexibility to create or save
jobs in rural areas when the business is owned, in whole or in part, by a
foreign interest.

The eligibility section is proposed to be revised to include cooperative equity
security guarantees as eligible loan purposes in accordance with the 2008 Farm
Bill. Separate sections of the regulation specifically address the requirements
for New Markets Tax Credits and cooperative equity security guarantees, as well
as requirements for the cooperative stock purchase program.

The eligibility section is being revised to include projects that process,
distribute, aggregate, store, and/or market locally or regionally produced
agricultural food products to support community development and farm and ranch
income. This is also a provision of the 2008 Farm Bill. The term "locally or
regionally produced agricultural food product" means any agricultural food
product that is raised, produced, and distributed in the locality or region in
which the final product is marketed, so that the distance the product is
transported is less than 400 miles from the origin of the product or within the
State in which the product is produced, as defined by Section 310B(g)(9)(A)(i)
of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act. Food products could be raw,
cooked, or a processed edible substance, beverage, or ingredient used or
intended for use or for sale in whole or in part for human consumption. A
significant amount of the food product sold by the borrower must be locally or
regionally produced, and a significant amount of the locally or regionally
produced food product must be sold locally or regionally. Projects in non-rural
areas may be included when the project provides an economic benefit to the
surrounding rural communities. Funding priority will be given to projects that
provide a benefit to underserved communities. In accordance with Section
310B(g)(9)(A)(ii) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, an
underserved community is a community (including an urban or rural community and
an Indian tribal community) that has limited access to affordable, healthy
foods, including fresh fruits and vegetables, in grocery retail stores or farmer
to consumer direct markets and that has either a high rate of hunger or food
insecurity or a high poverty rate as reflected in the most recent decennial
census.

The ineligible loan purpose section is being modified to permit distribution or
payment to an immediate family member of the owner to accommodate
intergenerational business acquisitions. Previously, no loan proceeds could be
distributed to a close relative of the owner who retained an ownership interest
in the borrower. This is being changed so that an immediate family member of the
owner, partner, or stockholder can purchase the business from an owner, partner
or stockholder when the seller does not retain an ownership interest and the
Agency determines the price paid to be reasonable.

A definition for a high priority project is being added to the rule. A high
priority project is defined in the proposed rule as one that scores more than
half of the points available under the scoring criteria outlined in the priority
scoring section.

In an effort to reduce the cost for the taxpayer, 90 percent guarantees will be
limited to loans of $5 million and less that are either high priority projects
or where the lender needs the higher percentage of guarantee because of its
legal or regulatory lending limit. Additionally, reduced guarantee fees will
only be available on loans of $5 million or less, unless an authorizing statute
provides otherwise (e.g., the Alaska Roadless Areas statute).

Previously, the interest rate on the guaranteed portion of the loan could not
exceed the unguaranteed portion of the loan. This was to prevent the Agency from
paying a higher loss on the guaranteed portion than it otherwise would have if
the interest on the guaranteed portion was equal to or less than the
unguaranteed portion. This requirement has been relaxed to prevent lenders from
having to set floors and ceilings to remain compliant with this requirement. The
proposed rule now allows for the interest rate on the guaranteed portion to be
higher than the unguaranteed portion in situations where a fixed rate on the
guaranteed portion becomes a higher rate than the variable rate on the
unguaranteed portion due to the normal fluctuation in the approved variable
interest rate.

Although credit quality standards have not changed, the credit quality section
is being modified to be in line with the five C's of credit (capacity, capital,
collateral, conditions, character). The Agency's policy on standardized
collateral discounting has also been added. The Agency is adding the ability to
require guarantees from persons whose ownership in the borrower is held
indirectly through other companies.

The Agency is relaxing the requirement for business plans with the application
for loans where the use of loan proceeds is exclusively for debt refinancing and
fees, but has added a requirement for feasibility studies for all biofuels
proposals, whether new or existing. The Agency is also proposing to revise the
requirement for 3 years of historical financial statements for parent,
subsidiary, and affiliated companies to only require current financial
statements. Additionally, the number of attachments that need to be included as
part a complete application for loans of $600,000 and less are reduced.

Loan scoring criteria, which is used to fund projects by priority, is being
modified to award more points for the following: Leveraging B&I program dollars,
the business' loan-to-job ratio, and providing quality jobs. The administrative
points section has also been modified to account for community economic
development strategies and State strategic plans and to allow for the awarding
of points for projects that will fulfill an Agency initiative, such as the
biobased product initiative or the Investing in Manufacturing Communities
Partnership initiative. The proposed rule now allows for 150 possible priority
points.

Loan servicing requirements under the B&I program have been clarified. The
annual conference between the lender and the Agency can be held via
teleconference. This change is not meant to replace a face-to-face annual lender
conference. However, it does give some flexibility when face-to-face lender
visits are not practical. The lender may contract loan servicing activities.
However, the lender remains responsible for complying with all requirements of
the regulations. The contracting out of any loan servicing activities does not
relieve the lender of its responsibility to comply with the statutes and
regulations governing the program. The proposed rule also clarifies that the
Agency will not allow the write-down of debt while leaving the borrower in
business and no new promissory notes may be issued to process a transfer and
assumption since the Loan Note Guarantee references a specifically dated
promissory note(s) with specific amount(s). The lender may use an allonge to the
existing promissory note to facilitate the transaction.

Lenders will also be able to utilize balloon payments to restructure a
guaranteed loan in default in a workout situation as long as there is a
reasonable prospect for success and the remaining life of the collateral
supports the workout terms.

Lenders will provide the loan classification of the guaranteed loan at loan
closing rather than 90 days after the loan has closed. Additionally, lenders
must notify the Agency when a borrower is 30 days past due and cannot cure the
delinquency within 30 days. The lender must also provide a monthly default
status report, as opposed to bimonthly. This will allow the Agency to be more
responsive to delinquencies.

The lender can proceed with liquidation after the loan has been properly
accelerated while the Agency has the liquidation plan under review. This will
allow the lender to take such action as appropriate to protect the interest of
the lender and the Agency while the liquidation plan is under review by the
Agency. The appraisal requirement threshold will be increased from $100,000 to
$250,000 on all collateral being released, and the requirement for a current
appraisal for collateral being liquidated is being increased from $200,000 to
$250,000. The $250,000 threshold is consistent with Office of Management and
Budget (OMB) guidelines set forth in OMB Circular A-129.

The future recoveries section has been modified. The lender must use reasonable
efforts to attempt collection from any party still liable for the guaranteed
loan. Any net proceeds from that effort must be split pro rata between the
lender and the Agency based on the original amount of the loan guarantee. To the
extent any party to the loan has a written agreement with the Agency to repay
all or part of any loss claim paid by the Agency, any collection on that
agreement will not be split with the lender. This is because the Federal
Government has collection remedies available to it that are not available to the
lender and that are not intended to benefit private parties.

Several changes have been made in an effort to reduce the cost to the taxpayer
in guaranteeing business and industry loans. Reasonable attorney/legal fees that
the lender can claim in the liquidation process, as well as a Chapter 7 or
Liquidating 11 bankruptcy, will be reduced from full reimbursement to being
shared equally between the lender and the Agency. The Agency will not allow
default or penalty interest to be charged to the borrower. This could cause the
Agency to pay a loss when a solution could have been possible if the interest
rate had not been increased. Additionally, the proposed rule clarifies that late
payment fees and interest on interest will not be covered by the guarantee. The
Agency has added the ability to require personal or corporate guarantees from
those owning 20 percent or more of the borrower when stock of the borrower is
sold. The ability for the Agency to charge a transfer and assumption fee has
been added to the proposed rule. Notification for any such fee will be published
annually in the Federal Register.

A significant change that is expected to decrease the cost to the taxpayer is
that interest accrual is limited (1) to any holder to 90 days from the date of
the first demand letter from a secondary market holder for payment and (2) to
any lender 90 days from the delinquency effective date. A holder is a person or
entity, other than the lender, who owns all or part of the guaranteed portion of
the loan. The Agency was finding instances where holders were collecting
interest on the guaranteed portion of the loan for a much longer period of time
than other holders on the same loan. This was costing the Agency a substantial
amount of money in interest paid and complicating the administration of the
defaulted loan.
List of Subjects for 7 CFR Parts 4279 and 4287 Back to Top

Loan programs--Business and industry--Rural development assistance
    Economic development
    Energy
    Direct loan programs
    Grant programs
    Guaranteed loan programs
    Renewable energy systems
    Energy efficiency improvements
    and Rural areas

For the reasons set forth in the preamble, parts 4279 and 4287 of title 7 of the
Code of Federal Regulations are proposed to be amended as follows:
begin regulatory text
PART 4279--GUARANTEED LOANMAKING Back to Top

1.The authority citation for part 4279 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1932(a), and 7 U.S.C. 1989.

2.Revise Subpart A to read as follows:
end regulatory text
Subpart A--General Back to Top

Sec.
    4279.1 Introduction.
    4279.2 Definitions and abbreviations.
    4279.3-4279.14 [Reserved]
    4279.15 Exception authority.
    4279.16 Appeals.
    4279.17-4279.28 [Reserved]
    4279.29 Eligible lenders.
    4279.30 Lenders' functions and responsibilities.
    4279.31-4279.43 [Reserved]
    4279.44 Access to Records.
    4279.45-4279.58 [Reserved]
    4279.59 Environmental requirements.
    4279.60 Civil rights impact analysis.
    4279.61 Equal Credit Opportunity Act.
    4279.62-4279.70 [Reserved]
    4279.71 Public bodies and nonprofit corporations.
    4279.72 Conditions of guarantee.
    4279.73 [Reserved]
    4279.74 [Reserved]
    4279.75 Sale or assignment of guaranteed loan.
    4279.76 [Reserved]
    4279.77 Minimum retention.
    4279.78 Repurchase from holder.
    4279.79-4279.83 [Reserved]
    4279.84 Replacement of document.
    4279.85-4279.99 [Reserved]
    4279.100 OMB control number.

Subpart A--General Back to Top
§ 4279.1 Introduction.

(a) This subpart contains general regulations for making and servicing Business
and Industry (B&I) loans guaranteed by the Agency and applies to lenders,
holders, borrowers and other parties involved in making, guaranteeing, holding,
servicing, or liquidating such loans. This subpart is supplemented by subpart B
of this part, which contains loan processing regulations, and subpart B of part
4287 of this chapter, which contains loan servicing regulations.

(b) The lender is responsible for ascertaining that all requirements for making,
securing, servicing, and collecting the loan are complied with.

(c) Whether specifically stated or not, whenever Agency approval is required, it
must be in writing. Copies of all forms, regulations, and instructions
referenced in this subpart may be obtained from any Agency office and from the
USDA Rural Development Web site at www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs. Whenever a form is
designated in this subpart, it is initially capitalized and its reference
includes predecessor and successor forms, if applicable.
§ 4279.2 Definitions and abbreviations.

(a) Definitions.

Administrator. The Administrator of Rural Business-Cooperative Service within
the Rural Development mission area of the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

Affiliate. An entity that is related to another entity by owning shares or
having an interest in the entity, by common ownership, or by any means of
control.

Agency. The Rural Business-Cooperative Service or successor Agency assigned by
the Secretary of Agriculture to administer the B&I program. References to the
National or State Office should be read as prefaced by "Agency" or "Rural
Development" as applicable.

Agricultural production. The cultivation, growing or harvesting of crops and the
breeding, raising, feeding or housing of livestock for fiber or food for human
consumption.

Annual renewal fee. The annual renewal fee is a fee that is paid once a year by
the lender and is required to maintain the enforceability of the Loan Note
Guarantee.

Appraisal surplus. The difference between the fair market value of an asset and
its depreciated book value when the fair market value is higher.

Arm's-length transaction. A transaction between ready, willing, and able
disinterested parties that are not affiliated with or related to each other and
have no security, monetary, or stockholder interest in each other.

Assignment Guarantee Agreement. Form RD 4279-6, "Assignment Guarantee
Agreement," is the signed agreement between the Agency, the lender, and the
holder containing the terms and conditions of an assignment of a guaranteed
portion of a loan, using the single note system.

Biogas. Renewable biomass converted to gaseous fuel.

Biomass. Any organic material that is available on a renewable or recurring
basis including agricultural crops, trees grown for energy production, wood
waste and wood residues, plants, including aquatic plants and grasses, fibers,
animal waste and other waste materials, and fats, oils, greases, including
recycled fats, oils and greases. It does not include paper that is commonly
recycled or unsegregated solid waste.

Bond. A form of debt security in which the authorized issuer (borrower) owes the
bond holder (lender) a debt and is obligated to repay the principal and interest
(coupon) at a later date(s) (maturity). An explanation of the type of bond and
other bond stipulations must be attached to the bond issuance.

Borrower. The person that borrows, or seeks to borrow, money from the lender,
including any party liable for the loan except for guarantors.

Collateral. The asset(s) pledged by the borrower to secure the loan.

Commercially available. A system that has a proven operating history for at
least 1 year specific to the proposed application. Such a system is based on
established design and installation procedures and practices. Professional
service providers, trades, large construction equipment providers, and labor are
familiar with installation procedures and practices. Proprietary and the balance
of system equipment and spare parts are readily available, and service is
readily available to properly maintain and operate the system. An established
warranty exists for major parts and labor. If the system is currently
commercially available only outside of the U.S., authoritative evidence of the
foreign operating history, performance and reliability is required in order to
address the proven operating history.

Conditional Commitment. Form RD 4279-3, "Conditional Commitment," is the
Agency's notice to the lender that the loan guarantee it has requested is
approved subject to the completion of all conditions and requirements set forth
by the Agency and outlined in the attachment to the Conditional Commitment.

Conflict of interest. A situation in which a person has competing personal,
professional, or financial interests that prevents the person from acting
impartially.

Cooperative organization. An entity that is legally chartered as a cooperative
or an entity that is not legally chartered as a cooperative but is owned and
operated for the benefit of its members, with returns of residual earnings paid
to such members on the basis of patronage.

Debt Collection Improvement Act (DCIA). The Debt Collection Improvement Act of
1996, 31 U.S.C. 3701 et seq, requires that any monies that are payable or may
become payable from the United States under contracts and other written
agreements to any person not an agency or subdivision of a State or local
government may be subject to administrative offset for the collection of a
delinquent debt the person owes to the United States.

Default. The condition that exists when a borrower is not in compliance with the
promissory note, the loan agreement, or other related documents evidencing the
loan. Default could be a monetary or non-monetary default.

Deficiency judgment. A monetary judgment rendered by a court of competent
jurisdiction after foreclosure and liquidation of all collateral securing the
loan.

Delinquency. A loan for which a scheduled loan payment is more than 30 days past
due and cannot be cured within 30 days.

Energy projects. Commercially available projects that produce or distribute
energy or power and/or projects that produce biomass or biogas fuel.

Existing business. A business that has been in operation for at least 1 full
year. Mergers or changes in the business name or legal type of entity of a
currently operating business are considered to be existing businesses as long as
there is not a significant change in operations. Newly-formed entities that are
buying existing businesses will be considered an existing business as long as
the business being bought remains in operation and there is no significant
change in operations.

Existing lender debt. A debt owed by a borrower to the same lender that is
applying for or has received the Agency guarantee.

Fair market value. The price that could reasonably be expected for an asset in
an arm's-length transaction between a willing buyer and a willing seller under
ordinary economic and business conditions.

Future recovery. Funds collected by the lender after a final loss claim is
processed.

High impact business development investment. A business that scores at least 20
points under § 4279.166(b)(4).

High priority project. A project that scores more than 50 percent of the
priority points available under § 4279.166(b)(1) through (5).

Holder. A person, other than the lender, who owns all or part of the guaranteed
portion of the loan with no servicing responsibilities. When the single note
option is used and the lender assigns a part of the guaranteed note to an
assignee, the assignee becomes a holder only when the Agency receives notice and
the transaction is completed through use of the Assignment Guarantee Agreement.

Immediate family. Individuals who live in the same household or who are closely
related by blood, marriage, or adoption, such as a spouse, domestic partner,
parent, child, sibling, aunt, uncle, grandparent, grandchild, niece, nephew, or
cousin.

In-house expenses. Expenses associated with activities that are routinely the
responsibility of a lender's internal staff or its agents. In-house expenses
include, but are not limited to, employees' salaries, staff lawyers, travel, and
overhead.

Interest. A fee paid by a borrower to the lender as a form of compensation for
the use of money. When money is borrowed, interest is paid as a fee over a
certain period of time (typically months or years) to the lender as percentage
of the principal amount owed. The term interest does not include default or
penalty interest or late payment fees or charges.

Interim financing. A temporary or short-term loan made with the clear intent
when the loan is made that it will be repaid through another loan that provides
permanent financing. Interim financing is frequently used to pay construction
and other costs associated with a planned project, with permanent financing to
be obtained after project completion.

Lender. The eligible lender approved by the Agency to make, service, and collect
the Agency guaranteed loan that is subject to this subpart. Agency approval of
the lender will be evidenced by an outstanding Form RD 4279-4, "Lender's
Agreement," between the Agency and the lender.

Lender's Agreement. Form RD 4279-4, "Lender's Agreement," or predecessor form,
between the Agency and the lender setting forth the lender's loan
responsibilities.

Liquidation expenses. Costs directly associated with the liquidation of
collateral, including preparing collateral for sale (e.g., repairs and
transport) and conducting the sale (e.g., advertising, public notices,
auctioneer expenses, and foreclosure fees). Liquidation expenses do not include
in-house expenses. Legal/attorney fees are considered liquidation expenses
provided that the fees are reasonable, as determined by the Agency, and cover
legal issues pertaining to the liquidation that could not be properly handled by
the lender and its in-house counsel.

Loan agreement. The agreement between the borrower and lender containing the
terms and conditions of the loan and the responsibilities of the borrower and
lender.

Loan classification. The process by which loans are examined and categorized by
degree of potential loss in the event of default.

Loan Note Guarantee. Form RD 4279-5, "Loan Note Guarantee," or predecessor form,
issued and executed by the Agency containing the terms and conditions of the
guarantee.

Loan packager. A person, other than the applicant borrower or lender, that
prepares a loan application package.

Loan service provider. A person, other than the lender of record, that provides
loan servicing activities to the lender.

Loan-to-discounted value. The ratio of the dollar amount of a loan to the
discounted dollar value of the collateral pledged as security for the loan.

Loan-to-value. The ratio of the dollar amount of a loan to the dollar value of
the collateral pledged as security for the loan.

Local government. A county, municipality, town, township, village, or other unit
of general government, including tribal governments, below the State level.

Material adverse change. Any change in circumstance associated with a guaranteed
loan, including the borrower's financial condition or collateral, that could be
reasonably expected to jeopardize loan performance.

Natural resource value-added product. Any naturally occurring resource,
including agricultural resources, that is processed to add value or the
generation of renewable energy from a natural resource.

Negligent loan origination. The failure of a lender to perform those services
that a reasonably prudent lender would perform in originating its own portfolio
of loans that are not guaranteed. The term includes the concepts of failure to
act, not acting in a timely manner, or acting in a manner contrary to the manner
in which a reasonably prudent lender would act.

Negligent loan servicing. The failure of a lender to perform those services
which a reasonably prudent lender would perform in servicing (including
liquidation of) its own portfolio of loans that are not guaranteed. The term
includes not only the concept of a failure to act, but also not acting in a
timely manner, or acting in a manner contrary to the manner in which a
reasonably prudent lender would act.

New business. A startup or otherwise new business that has been in operation for
less than 1 full year. New businesses include newly-formed entities leasing
space or building ground up facilities, even if the owners of the new or startup
business own affiliated businesses doing the same kind of business.

Parity. A lien position whereby two or more lenders share a security interest of
equal priority in collateral. In the event of default, each lender will be
affected on an equal basis.

Participation. Sale of an interest in a loan by the lead lender to one or more
participating lenders wherein the lead lender retains the note, collateral
securing the note, and all responsibility for managing and servicing the loan.
Participants are dependent upon the lead lender for protection of their
interests in the loan. The relationship is typically formalized by a
participation agreement. The participants and the borrower have no rights or
obligations to one another.

Person. An individual or entity.

Poverty. A community or area is considered a poverty area if the county, city,
or equivalent (such as parish, borough, municipio or census designated place)
where the community or area is located has a population of which 20 percent or
more have income below the poverty line.

Pro rata. On a proportional basis.

Promissory note. Evidence of debt with stipulated repayment terms. "Note" or
"promissory note" shall also be construed to include "Bond" or other evidence of
debt, where appropriate.

Protective advances. Advances made by the lender for the purpose of preserving
and protecting the collateral where the debtor has failed to, and will not or
cannot, meet its obligations to protect or preserve collateral. Protective
advances include, but are not limited to, advances affecting the collateral made
for property taxes, rent, hazard and flood insurance premiums, and annual
assessments. Legal/attorney fees are not a protective advance.

Public body. A municipality, county, or other political subdivision of a State;
a special purpose district; or an Indian tribe on a Federal or State reservation
or other Federally-recognized Indian tribe; or an organization controlled by any
of the above.

Report of loss. Form RD 449-30, "Guaranteed Loan Report of Loss," used by
lenders when reporting a financial loss under an Agency guarantee.

Rural Development. The mission area of USDA that is comprised of the Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, Rural Housing Service, and Rural Utilities Service
and is under the policy direction and operational oversight of the Under
Secretary for Rural Development.

Spreadsheet. A table containing data from a series of financial statements of a
business over a period of time. Financial statement analysis normally contains
spreadsheets for balance sheet and income statement items and includes a cash
flow analysis and commonly used ratios. The spreadsheets enable a reviewer to
easily scan the data, spot trends, and make comparisons.

State. Any of the 50 States of the U.S., the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the
U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern
Mariana Islands, the Republic of Palau, the Federated States of Micronesia, and
the Republic of the Marshall Islands.

Subordination. An agreement among the lender, borrower, and Agency whereby lien
priorities on certain assets pledged to secure payment of the guaranteed loan
will be reduced to a position junior to, or on parity with, the lien position of
another loan in order for the Agency's borrower to obtain additional financing,
not guaranteed by the Agency, from the lender or a third party.

Tangible balance sheet equity. Tangible equity divided by tangible assets.
Formula: ((Assets-intangible assets)-liabilities)/(Assets-intangible assets) or
(Equity-intangible assets)/(Assets-intangible assets)

Transfer and assumption. The conveyance by a borrower to an assuming borrower of
the assets, collateral, and liabilities of the loan in return for the assuming
borrower's binding promise to pay the outstanding debt.

USDA Lender Interactive Network Connection (LINC). The portal Web site currently
at https://usdalinc.sc.egov.usda.gov/ used by lenders to update loan data in the
Agency's Guaranteed Loan System. Current capabilities include loan closing and
status reporting.

Veteran. For the purposes of assigning priority points, a veteran is a person
who is a veteran of any war, as defined in title 38 U.S.C. 101(12).

Working capital. Current assets available to support a business's operations and
growth. Working capital is calculated as current assets less current
liabilities.

(b) Abbreviations.

B&I--Business and Industry

CFR--Code of Federal Regulations

DCIA--Debt Collection Improvement Act

FDIC--Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation

FSA--Farm Service Agency

GAAP--Generally Accepted Accounting Principles of the U.S.

GLS--Guaranteed Loan System

LINC--USDA Lender Interactive Network Connection

NAD--National Appeals Division

OMB--Office of Management and Budget

REAP--Rural Energy for America Program

U.S.--United States of America

USDA--United States Department of Agriculture

(c) Accounting terms. Accounting terms not otherwise defined in this part shall
have the definition ascribed to them under GAAP.
§§ 4279.3-4279.14 [Reserved]
§ 4279.15 Exception authority.

The Administrator may, on a case-by-case basis, grant an exception to any
requirement or provision of this subpart provided that such an exception is in
the best financial interests of the Federal Government. Exercise of this
authority cannot be in conflict with applicable law.
§ 4279.16 Appeals.

Applicants, borrowers, lenders, and holders have appeal or review rights for
Agency decisions made under this subpart, subpart B of this part, or subpart B
of part 4287. Programmatic decisions based on clear and objective statutory or
regulatory requirements are not appealable; however, such decisions are
reviewable for appealability by the NAD. The borrower, lender, and holder can
appeal any Agency decision that directly and adversely impacts them. For an
adverse decision that impacts the borrower, the lender and borrower must jointly
execute a written request for appeal for an alleged adverse decision made by the
Agency. An adverse decision that only impacts the lender may be appealed by the
lender only. An adverse decision that only impacts the holder may be appealed by
the holder only. A decision by a lender adverse to the interest of the borrower
is not a decision by the Agency, whether or not concurred in by the Agency.
Appeals will be conducted by USDA NAD and will be handled in accordance with 7
CFR part 11.
§§ 4279.17-4279.28 [Reserved]
§ 4279.29 Eligible lenders.

An eligible lender must be domiciled in a State as defined in § 4279.2 and must
not be debarred or suspended by the Federal government. If the lender is under a
cease and desist order, or similar constraint, from a Federal agency, the lender
must inform the Agency. The Agency will evaluate the lender's eligibility on a
case-by-case basis given the risk of loss posed by the cease and desist order.
The Agency will only approve loan guarantees for lenders with adequate capital
to fund and cover potential liquidation expenses for guaranteed loans it
proposes to make and adequate experience and expertise to make, secure, service,
and collect B&I loans. The lender must provide documentation as to its capital
and experience in commercial lending. The lender and the Agency will execute a
Lender's Agreement for each lender approved to participate in the program. If a
valid Lender's Agreement already exists, it is not necessary to execute a new
Lender's Agreement with each loan guarantee; however, a new Lender's Agreement
must be executed with any existing lenders making new loans on or after [DATE OF
FINAL RULE PUBLICATION]. The Agency may revoke a lender's eligible status at any
time for cause, including those examples cited in § 4279.29(c).

(a) Regulated lenders. A regulated lender is any Federal or State chartered
bank, Farm Credit Bank, other Farm Credit System institution with direct lending
authority, Bank for Cooperatives, Savings and Loan Association, Savings Bank, or
mortgage company that is part of a bank-holding company. These entities must be
subject to credit examination and supervision by either an agency of the U.S. or
a State. Eligible lenders may also include the National Rural Utilities
Cooperative Finance Corporation and credit unions provided that they are subject
to credit examination and supervision by either the National Credit Union
Administration or a State agency.

(b) Non-regulated lenders. The Agency may consider an applicant lender that does
not meet the criteria of paragraph (a) of this section for eligibility to become
a guaranteed lender for a 3-year period provided that the Agency determines that
the applicant lender has the legal authority to operate a lending program and
sufficient lending expertise and financial strength to operate a successful
lending program. When the applicant lender is a multi-tiered entity, it will be
considered in its entirety. Insurance companies (formerly included as
traditional lenders) and non-regulated lenders (formerly known as other lenders)
previously approved as guaranteed lenders prior to [DATE OF FINAL RULE
PUBLICATION] must reapply to become an approved non-regulated lender in order to
originate new guaranteed loans. However, both insurance companies and
non-regulated lenders that have executed a Lender's Agreement must continue to
service the guaranteed loans in their portfolios in accordance with that
agreement.

(1) Non-regulated lenders must:

(i) Have been making commercial loans for at least 5 years;

(ii) Have a record of successfully making at least 10 commercial loans annually
totaling at least $1 million for each of the last 5 years, with lender's
delinquent commercial loan portfolio over this period not exceeding (a) 6
percent of all commercial loans made and (b) 3 percent in commercial loan losses
(based on the original principal loan amount);

(iii) Have and maintain tangible balance sheet equity of at least 10 percent of
tangible assets and sufficient funds available to disburse the guaranteed loans
it proposes to approve within the first 6 months of being approved as a
guaranteed lender;

(iv) Agree to establish and maintain an Agency approved loss reserve equal to 3
percent of each B&I loan closed and agree to increase the loss reserve for
anticipated losses as required by the Agency;

(v) Have adequate policies and procedures to ensure that internal credit
controls provide adequate loanmaking and servicing guidance; and

(vi) Have undergone a credit examination at its own expense from a recognized
independent reviewer acceptable to the Agency. The applicant lender should
consult with the Agency prior to receiving an examination to ensure the examiner
will be acceptable.

(2) A non-regulated lender that wishes consideration to become a guaranteed
lender must submit a request in writing to the Agency. The Agency will notify
the prospective lender whether the lender's request for eligibility is approved
or rejected. If rejected, the Agency will notify the prospective lender, in
writing, of the reasons for the rejection. The lender must include in its
written request the following:

(i) An audited financial statement not more than 1 year old that evidences that
the lender has the required tangible balance sheet equity and the resources to
successfully meet its responsibilities;

(ii) A copy of any license, charter, or other evidence of authority to engage in
the proposed loanmaking and servicing activities. If licensing by the State is
not required, an attorney's opinion stating that licensing is not required and
that the entity has the legal authority to engage in the proposed loanmaking and
servicing activities must be submitted;

(iii) Information on lending experience, including length of time in the lending
business; range and volume of lending and servicing activity, including a list
of the industries for which it has provided financing; status of its loan
portfolio, including a list of loans in the portfolio with each loan's current
loan classification code and delinquency and loss rates as outlined in §
4279.29(b)(1)(ii); experience of management and loan officers; sources of funds
for the proposed loans; office location and proposed lending area; an estimate
of the number and size of guaranteed loan applications the lender will develop;
and proposed rates and fees, including loan origination, loan preparation, and
servicing fees. Such rates and fees must not be greater than those charged by
similarly located regulated commercial lenders in the ordinary course of
business;

(iv) A copy of the examination required under paragraph (b)(1)(vi) of this
section; and

(v) Documentation as to how the lender will fulfill the requirements of §
4279.30.

(3) Renewal of eligible lender status to continue making B&I loans is not
automatic. Eligible lender status will lapse 3 years from the date of Agency
approval and execution of the Lender's Agreement unless the lender obtains a
renewal. A lender whose eligible status has lapsed must continue to service any
outstanding loans guaranteed under this part but may not submit requests for new
loan guarantees. Lenders whose eligibility has lapsed may file a subsequent
request under this subsection. Lenders requesting renewal must complete and
execute a new Lender's Agreement, along with a written update of the eligibility
criteria required by this section for approval. Lenders requesting renewal must
resubmit the information required by paragraph (b)(2) of this section and must
address how the lender is complying with each of the required criteria described
in paragraph (b)(1) of this section. The written update of the eligibility
criteria must also include any change in the persons designated to process and
service Agency guaranteed loans or change in the operating methods used in the
processing and servicing of loans since the original or last renewal date of
eligible lender status. The lender must provide this information to the Agency
at least 60 days prior to the expiration of the existing agreement to be assured
of a timely renewal.

(c) Revocation of eligible lender status. The Agency may revoke a lender's
status at any time for cause. Cause for revoking eligible status includes:

(1) Failure to maintain status as an eligible lender as set forth in § 4279.29
of this subpart;

(2) Knowingly submitting false information when requesting a guarantee or basing
a guarantee request on information known to be false or which the lender should
have known to be false;

(3) Making a guaranteed loan with deficiencies that may cause losses not to be
covered by the Loan Note Guarantee, such as negligent loan origination;

(4) Conviction of the lender or its officers for criminal acts in connection
with any loan transaction whether or not the loan was guaranteed by the Agency;

(5) Violation of usury laws in connection with any loan transaction whether or
not the loan was guaranteed by the Agency;

(6) Failure to obtain and maintain the required security for any loan guaranteed
by the Agency;

(7) Using loan funds guaranteed by the Agency for purposes other than those
specifically approved by the Agency in the Conditional Commitment;

(8) Violation of any term of the Lender's Agreement;

(9) Failure to correct any Agency cited deficiency in loan documents in a timely
manner;

(10) Failure to submit reports required by the Agency in a timely manner;

(11) Failure to process Agency guaranteed loans as would a reasonably prudent
lender;

(12) Failure to provide for adequate construction planning and monitoring in
connection with any loan to ensure that the project will be completed with the
available funds and, once completed, will be suitable for the borrower's needs;

(13) Repetitive recommendations for servicing actions or guaranteed loans with
marginal or substandard credit quality or that do not comply with Agency
requirements;

(14) Negligent loan origination;

(15) Negligent loan servicing;

(16) Failure to conduct any approved liquidation of a loan guaranteed by the
Agency or its predecessors in a timely and effective manner and in accordance
with the approved liquidation plan; or

(17) Violation of applicable nondiscrimination law, including, but not limited
to, statutes, regulations, USDA Departmental Regulations, the Secretary's Civil
Rights Policy Statement, and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act.

(d) Debarment of lender. The Agency may debar a lender in addition to the
revocation of the lender's status.
§ 4279.30 Lenders' functions and responsibilities.

(a) General. (1) Lenders have the primary responsibility for the successful
delivery of the guaranteed loan program. Any action or inaction on the part of
the Agency does not relieve the lender of its responsibilities to originate and
service the loan guaranteed under this subpart, subpart B of this part, and
subpart B of part 4287. Lenders may contract for services but are ultimately
responsible for underwriting, loan origination, loan servicing, and compliance
with all Agency regulations. Agents and persons are prohibited from acting as
both loan packager and loan service provider on the same guaranteed loan. All
lenders obtaining or requesting a loan guarantee are responsible for:

(i) Processing applications for guaranteed loans;

(ii) Developing and maintaining adequately documented loan files, which must be
maintained for at least 3 years after any final loss has been paid;

(iii) Recommending only loan proposals that are eligible and financially
feasible;

(iv) Properly closing the loan and obtaining valid evidence of debt and
collateral in accordance with sound lending practices prior to disbursing loan
proceeds;

(v) Keeping an inventory accounting of all collateral items and reconciling the
inventory of all collateral sold during loan servicing, including liquidation;

(vi) Supervising construction;

(vii) Distributing loan funds;

(viii) Servicing guaranteed loans in a prudent manner, including liquidation if
necessary;

(ix) Reporting all conflicts of interest, or appearances thereof, to the Agency;

(x) Following Agency regulations and agreements; and

(xi) Obtaining Agency approvals or concurrence as required.

(2) This subpart, subpart B of this part, and subpart B of part 4287 contain the
regulations for this program, including the lenders' responsibilities. If a
lender fails to comply with these requirements, the Agency may reduce any loss
payment in accordance with the applicable regulations.

(b) Credit evaluation. The lender must analyze all credit factors associated
with each proposed loan and apply its professional judgment to determine that
the credit factors, considered in combination, ensure loan repayment. The lender
must have an adequate underwriting process to ensure that loans are reviewed by
persons other than the originating officer, and there must be good credit
documentation procedures. The Agency will only guarantee loans that are sound
and have reasonable assurance of repayment. The Agency will not guarantee
marginal or substandard loans.

(c) Environmental responsibilities. Lenders are responsible for becoming
familiar with Federal environmental requirements; considering, in consultation
with the prospective borrower, the potential environmental impacts of their
proposals at the earliest planning stages; and developing proposals that
minimize the potential to adversely impact the environment.

(1) Lenders must assist the borrower in completing Form RD 1940-20, "Request for
Environmental Information," (when required by 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G) or
successor forms; assist in the collection of additional data when the Agency
needs such data to complete its environmental review of the proposal; and assist
in the resolution of environmental problems.

(2) Lenders must ensure the borrower has:

(i) Provided the necessary environmental information to enable the Agency to
undertake its environmental review process in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940,
subpart G, or successor regulations, including the provision of all required
Federal, State, and local permits;

(ii) Complied with any mitigation measures required by the Agency; and

(iii) Not taken any actions or incurred any obligations with respect to the
proposed project that will either limit the range of alternatives to be
considered during the Agency's environmental review process or that will have an
adverse effect on the environment.

(3) Lenders must alert the Agency to any environmental issues related to a
proposed project or items that may require extensive environmental review.
§§ 4279.31--4279.43 [Reserved]
§ 4279.44 Access to records.

The lender must permit representatives of the Agency (or other agencies of the
U.S.) to inspect and make copies of any records of the lender pertaining to
Agency guaranteed loans during regular office hours of the lender or at any
other time upon agreement between the lender and the Agency. In addition, the
lender must cooperate fully with Agency oversight and monitoring of all lenders
involved in any manner with any guarantee to ensure compliance with this
subpart, subpart B of this part, and subpart B of part 4287. Such oversight and
monitoring will include, but is not limited to, reviewing lender records and
meeting with lenders in accordance with subpart B of part 4287.
§§ 4279.45--4279.58 [Reserved]
§ 4279.59 Environmental requirements.

The Agency is responsible for ensuring that the requirements of the National
Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (under 40 CFR part 1500) and related compliance
actions (such as Section 106 of the National Historic Preservation Act (under 36
CFR part 800) and Section 7 of the Endangered Species Act) are met and will
complete the appropriate level of environmental review in accordance with
subpart G of part 1940 or successor regulations. Because development of the loan
application occurs simultaneously with development of the environmental review,
applicants, including lenders and borrowers, must not take any actions or incur
any obligations that would either limit the range of alternatives to be
considered in the environmental review or that would have an adverse effect on
the environment. Satisfactory completion of the environmental review process
must occur prior to issuance of the Conditional Commitment to the lender.
§ 4279.60 Civil Rights Impact Analysis.

Issuance of a Conditional Commitment is conditioned on the Agency being able to
satisfactorily complete a Civil Rights Impact Analysis.
§ 4279.61 Equal Credit Opportunity Act.

In accordance with Title V of 93, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, with respect
to any aspect of a credit transaction, neither the lender nor the Agency will
discriminate against any applicant on the basis of race, color, religion,
national origin, sex, marital status or age (providing the applicant has the
capacity to contract), or because all or part of the applicant's income derives
from a public assistance program, or because the applicant has, in good faith,
exercised any right under the Consumer Protection Act. The lender must comply
with the requirements of the Equal Credit Opportunity Act as contained in the
Federal Reserve Board's Regulation implementing that Act (see 12 CFR part 202)
prior to loan closing.
§§ 4279.62--4279.70 [Reserved]
§ 4279.71 Public bodies and nonprofit corporations.

Any public body or nonprofit corporation that receives a guaranteed loan that
meets the thresholds established by OMB must provide an audit in accordance with
applicable regulations. Any audit meeting OMB's requirements will be adequate to
meet any audit requirements of the B&I program for that year.
§ 4279.72 Conditions of guarantee.

A loan guarantee under this part will be evidenced by a Loan Note Guarantee
issued by the Agency. The provisions of this part and part 4287 will apply to
all outstanding guarantees. In the event of a conflict between the guarantee
documents and these regulations as they exist at the time the documents are
executed, these regulations will control.

(a) Full faith and credit. A guarantee under this part constitutes an obligation
supported by the full faith and credit of the U.S. and is incontestable except
for fraud or misrepresentation of which a lender or holder has actual knowledge
at the time it becomes such lender or holder or which a lender or holder
participates in or condones. The guarantee will be unenforceable to the extent
that any loss is occasioned by a provision for interest on interest or default
or penalty interest. In addition, the guarantee will be unenforceable by the
lender to the extent any loss is occasioned by the violation of usury laws, use
of loan proceeds for unauthorized purposes, negligent loan origination,
negligent servicing, or failure to obtain or maintain the required security
regardless of the time at which the Agency acquires knowledge thereof. Any
losses occasioned will be unenforceable to the extent that loan funds were used
for purposes other than those specifically approved by the Agency in its
Conditional Commitment. The Agency may for cause terminate or reduce the Loan
Note Guarantee at any time. The Agency will guarantee payment as follows:

(1) To any holder, 100 percent of any loss sustained by the holder on the
guaranteed portion of the loan it owns and on interest due on such portion less
any servicing fee. For those loans closed on or after [DATE OF FINAL RULE
PUBLICATION], the guarantee will not cover note interest to any holder after 90
days from the date of the first repurchase demand to the lender made by a
holder. Upon receipt of the first demand letter from a holder, the Agency will
notify any remaining holders known by the Agency in writing that interest will
discontinue after 90 days from the date of the first holder's demand.

(2) To the lender, subject to the provisions of this part and subpart B of part
4287, the lesser of:

(i) Any loss sustained by the lender on the guaranteed portion, including
principal and interest evidenced by the notes or assumption agreements and
secured advances for protection and preservation of collateral made with the
Agency's authorization; or

(ii) The guaranteed principal advanced to or assumed by the borrower and any
interest due thereon.

(b) Rights and liabilities. When a guaranteed portion of a loan is sold to a
holder, the holder will succeed to all rights of the lender under the Loan Note
Guarantee to the extent of the portion purchased. The full, legal interest in
the note must remain with the lender, and the lender will remain bound to all
obligations under the Loan Note Guarantee, Lender's Agreement, and Agency
program regulations. A guarantee and right to require purchase will be directly
enforceable by a holder notwithstanding any fraud or misrepresentation by the
lender or any unenforceability of the guarantee by the lender, except for fraud
or misrepresentation of which the holder had actual knowledge at the time it
became the holder or in which the holder participates in or condones. The lender
will reimburse the Agency for any payments the Agency makes to a holder on the
lender's guaranteed loan that, under the Loan Note Guarantee, would not have
been paid to the lender had the lender retained the entire interest in the
guaranteed loan and not conveyed an interest to a holder.

(c) Payments. A lender will receive all payments of principal and interest on
account of the entire loan and must promptly remit to the holder its pro rata
share thereof, determined according to its respective interest in the loan, less
only the lender's servicing fee.
§ 4279.73 [Reserved]
§ 4279.74 [Reserved]
§ 4279.75 Sale or assignment of guaranteed loan.

The lender may sell all or part of the guaranteed portion of the loan on the
secondary market or retain the entire loan. The lender must fully disburse and
properly close a loan prior to sale of the note(s) on the secondary market. The
lender cannot sell or participate any amount of the guaranteed or unguaranteed
portion of the loan to the borrower or its parent, subsidiary, or affiliate or
to officers, directors, stockholders, other owners, or members of their
immediate families. The lender cannot share any premium received from the sale
of a guaranteed loan in the secondary market with a loan packager or other loan
service provider. If the lender desires to market all or part of the guaranteed
portion of the loan at or subsequent to loan closing, such loan must not be in
default. Lenders may use either the single note or multi-note system as outlined
in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this section.

(a) Single note system. The entire loan is evidenced by one note, and one Loan
Note Guarantee is issued. When the loan is evidenced by one note, the lender may
not at a later date cause any additional notes to be issued. The lender may
assign all or part of the guaranteed portion of the loan to one or more holders
by using Form RD 4279-6, "Assignment Guarantee Agreement." The lender must
complete and execute the Assignment Guarantee Agreement and return it to the
Agency for execution prior to holder execution. The holder, upon written notice
to the lender and the Agency, may reassign the unpaid guaranteed portion of the
loan, in full, sold under the Assignment Guarantee Agreement. Holders may only
reassign the guaranteed portion in the complete Block they have received and
cannot subdivide or further split the guaranteed portion of a loan or retain an
interest strip. Upon notification and completion of the assignment through the
use of Form RD 4279-6, the assignee shall succeed to all rights and obligations
of the holder there under. Subsequent assignments require notice to the lender
and Agency using any format, including that used by the Bond Market Association,
together with the transfer of the original Assignment Guarantee Agreement. The
Agency will neither execute a new Assignment Guarantee Agreement to effect a
subsequent reassignment nor reissue a duplicate Assignment Guarantee Agreement
unless the original was lost, stolen, destroyed, mutilated, or defaced in
accordance with § 4279.84. The Assignment Guarantee Agreement clearly states the
percentage and corresponding amount of the guaranteed portion it represents and
the lender's servicing fee. A servicing fee may be charged by the lender to a
holder and is calculated as a percentage per annum of the unpaid balance of the
guaranteed portion of the loan assigned by the Assignment Guarantee Agreement.
The Agency is not and will not be a party to any contract between the lender and
another party where the lender sells its servicing fee in an arm's length
marketplace transaction. The Agency will not acknowledge, approve, or have any
liability to any of the parties of this contract.

(b) Multinote system. Under this option, the lender may provide one note for the
unguaranteed portion of the loan and no more than ten notes for the guaranteed
portion. All promissory notes must reflect the same payment terms. When the
lender selects this option, the holder will receive one of the borrower's
executed notes and a Loan Note Guarantee. The Agency will issue a Loan Note
Guarantee for each note, including the unguaranteed note, to be attached to each
note. An Assignment Guarantee Agreement will not be used when the multinote
option is utilized.
§ 4279.76 [Reserved]
§ 4279.77 Minimum retention.

The lender is required to hold in its own portfolio a minimum of 5 percent of
the original total loan amount. The amount required to be maintained must be of
the unguaranteed portion of the loan and cannot be participated to another. The
lender may enter into no agreement that reduces its exposure below the minimum 5
percent it is required to retain in its portfolio. The lender may sell the
remaining amount of the unguaranteed portion of the loan only through
participation. The lender must retain title to the notes, retain the lender's
interest in the collateral, and retain the servicing responsibilities for the
guaranteed loan.
§ 4279.78 Repurchase from holder.

(a) Repurchase by lender. A lender has the option to repurchase the unpaid
guaranteed portion of the loan from a holder within 30 days of written demand by
the holder when the borrower is in default not less than 60 days on principal or
interest due on the loan; or when the lender has failed to remit to the holder
its pro rata share of any payment made by the borrower within 30 days of the
lenders receipt thereof. The repurchase by the lender must be for an amount
equal to the unpaid guaranteed portion of principal and accrued interest less
the lender's servicing fee. The holder must concurrently send a copy of the
demand letter to the Agency. For loans closed on or after [DATE OF FINAL RULE
PUBLICATION], the guarantee will not cover note interest to any holder accruing
after 90 days from the date of the first demand letter of a holder to the lender
requesting the repurchase. The lender must accept an assignment without recourse
from the holder upon repurchase. The lender is encouraged to repurchase the loan
to facilitate the accounting of funds, resolve any loan problems, and prevent
default, where and when reasonable. The benefit to the lender is that it may
resell the guaranteed portion of the loan in order to continue collection of its
servicing fee if the default is cured. The lender will notify the holder and the
Agency of its decision.

(b) Agency repurchase. (1) The lender's servicing fee will stop on the date that
interest was last paid by the borrower when the Agency purchases the guaranteed
portion of the loan from a holder. The lender cannot charge such servicing fee
to the Agency and must apply all loan payments and collateral proceeds received
to the guaranteed and unguaranteed portions of the loan on a pro rata basis.

(2) If the Agency repurchases 100 percent of the guaranteed portion of the loan,
the Agency will not continue collection of the annual renewal fee from the
lender.

(3) If the lender does not repurchase the unpaid guaranteed portion of the loan
as provided in paragraph (a) of this section, the Agency will purchase from the
holder the unpaid principal balance of the guaranteed portion together with
accrued interest to date of repurchase, less the lender's servicing fee, within
30 days after written demand to the Agency from the holder. For loans closed on
or after [DATE OF FINAL RULE PUBLICATION], the guarantee will not cover note
interest to any holder accruing after 90 days from the date of the first demand
letter of a holder to the lender requesting the repurchase. Accrued interest
paid to the holder will be calculated from the date interest was last paid on
the loan with a cutoff date being not more than 90 days from the date any holder
makes demand. If there is more than one holder, all subsequent holders will be
paid using the same date as the first holder (first holder's date of demand to
the lender). Once the holder makes demand upon the Agency, the request cannot be
rescinded.

(4) When the guaranteed loan has been delinquent more than 60 days and no holder
comes forward, the Agency may issue a letter to the holder(s) establishing the
cutoff date for interest accrual. Accrued interest to be paid the holder will be
calculated from the date interest was last paid on the loan with a cutoff date
being no more than 90 days from the date of the most recent delinquency
effective date as reported by the lender.

(5) When the lender has accelerated the account and the lender holds all or a
portion of the guaranteed loan, an estimated loss claim (loan in the liquidation
process) must be filed by the lender with the Agency within 60 days. Accrued
interest paid to the lender will be calculated from the date interest was last
paid on the loan with a cutoff date being no more than 90 days from the most
recent delinquency effective date as reported by the lender.

(6) The holder's demand to the Agency must include a copy of the written demand
made upon the lender. The holder must also include evidence of its right to
require payment from the Agency. Such evidence must consist of either the
original of the Loan Note Guarantee properly endorsed to the Agency or the
original of the Assignment Guarantee Agreement properly assigned to the Agency
without recourse including all rights, title, and interest in the loan. When the
single-note system is utilized and the initial holder has sold its interest, the
current holder must present the original Assignment Guarantee Agreement and an
original of each Agency approved reassignment document in the chain of
ownership, with the latest reassignment being assigned to the Agency without
recourse, including all rights, title, and interest in the guarantee. The holder
must include in its demand the amount due including unpaid principal, unpaid
interest to date of demand, and interest subsequently accruing from date of
demand to proposed payment date. The Agency will be subrogated to all rights of
the holder.

(7) Upon request by the Agency, the lender must promptly furnish a current
statement certified by an appropriate authorized officer of the lender of the
unpaid principal and interest then owed by the borrower on the loan and the
amount then owed to any holder, along with the information necessary for the
Agency to determine the appropriate amount due the holder. Any discrepancy
between the amount claimed by the holder and the information submitted by the
lender must be resolved between the lender and the holder before payment will be
approved. Such conflict will suspend the running of the 30 day payment
requirement.

(8) Purchase by the Agency neither changes, alters, nor modifies any of the
lender's obligations to the Agency arising from the loan or guarantee nor does
it waive any of Agency's rights against the lender. The Agency will have the
right to set-off against the lender all rights inuring to the Agency as the
holder of the instrument against the Agency's obligation to the lender under the
program.

(c) Repurchase for servicing. If, in the opinion of the lender, repurchase of
the guaranteed portion of the loan is necessary to adequately service the loan,
the holder must sell the guaranteed portion of the loan to the lender for an
amount equal to the unpaid principal and interest on such portion less the
lender's servicing fee. The lender must not repurchase from the holder for
arbitrage or other purposes to further its own financial gain. Any repurchase
must only be made after the lender obtains the Agency's written approval. If the
lender does not repurchase the guaranteed portion from the holder, the Agency
may, at its option, purchase such guaranteed portion for servicing purposes.
§§ 4279.79-4279.83 [Reserved]
§ 4279.84 Replacement of document.

(a) The Agency may issue a replacement Loan Note Guarantee or Assignment
Guarantee Agreement that was lost, stolen, destroyed, mutilated, or defaced to
the lender or holder upon receipt of an acceptable certificate of loss and an
indemnity bond.

(b) When a Loan Note Guarantee or Assignment Guarantee Agreement is lost,
stolen, destroyed, mutilated, or defaced while in the custody of the lender or
holder, the lender must coordinate the activities of the party who seeks the
replacement documents and must submit the required documents to the Agency for
processing. The requirements for replacement are as follows:

(1) A certificate of loss, notarized and containing a jurat, which includes:

(i) Name and address of owner;

(ii) Name and address of the lender of record;

(iii) Capacity of person certifying;

(iv) Full identification of the Loan Note Guarantee or Assignment Guarantee
Agreement including the name of the borrower, the Agency's case number, date of
the Loan Note Guarantee or Assignment Guarantee Agreement, face amount of the
evidence of debt purchased, date of evidence of debt, present balance of the
loan, percentage of guarantee, and, if an Assignment Guarantee Agreement, the
original named holder and the percentage of the guaranteed portion of the loan
assigned to that holder. Any existing parts of the document to be replaced must
be attached to the certificate;

(v) A full statement of circumstances of the loss, theft, destruction,
defacement, or mutilation of the Loan Note Guarantee or Assignment Guarantee
Agreement; and

(vi) For the holder, evidence demonstrating current ownership of the Loan Note
Guarantee and promissory note or the Assignment Guarantee Agreement. If the
present holder is not the same as the original holder, a copy of the endorsement
of each successive holder in the chain of transfer from the initial holder to
present holder must be included. If copies of the endorsement cannot be
obtained, best available records of transfer must be submitted to the Agency
(e.g., order confirmation, canceled checks, etc.).

(2) An indemnity bond acceptable to the Agency must accompany the request for
replacement except when the holder is the United States, a Federal Reserve Bank,
a Federal corporation, a State or territory, or the District of Columbia. The
bond must be with surety except when the outstanding principal balance and
accrued interest due the present holder is less than $1 million verified by the
lender in writing in a letter of certification of balance due. The surety must
be a qualified surety company holding a certificate of authority from the
Secretary of the Treasury and listed in Treasury Department Circular 570.

(3) All indemnity bonds must be issued and payable to the United States of
America acting through the Agency. The bond must be in an amount not less than
the unpaid principal and interest. The bond must hold the Agency harmless
against any claim or demand that might arise or against any damage, loss, costs,
or expenses that might be sustained or incurred by reasons of the loss or
replacement of the instruments.

(4) In those cases where the guaranteed loan was closed under the provision of
the multinote system, the Agency will not attempt to obtain, or participate in
the obtaining of, replacement notes from the borrower. The holder is responsible
for bearing the costs of note replacement if the borrower agrees to issue a
replacement instrument. Should such note be replaced, the terms of the note
cannot be changed. If the evidence of debt has been lost, stolen, destroyed,
mutilated or defaced, such evidence of debt must be replaced before the Agency
will replace any instruments.
§§ 4279.85-4279.99 [Reserved]
§ 4279.100 OMB control number.

The information collection requirements contained in this regulation have been
approved by OMB and have been assigned OMB control number ___. Public reporting
burden for this collection of information is estimated to vary from 30 minutes
to 12 hours per response, with an average of 6 hours per response, including
time for reviewing the collection of information. The burden may increase beyond
the estimate reported here, if RBS determines additional data will need to be
collected to facilitate evaluation, which can enhance the operation and
performance of the program. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any
other aspect of this collection of information, including suggestions for
reducing this burden, to the Department of Agriculture, Clearance Officer, OIRM,
Stop 7630, Washington, DC 20250. You are not required to respond to this
collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB control
number.
begin regulatory text

3.Revise Subpart B to read as follows:
end regulatory text

Subpart B--Business and Industry Loans
    Sec.
    4279.101 Introduction.
    4279.102 Definitions and abbreviations.
    4279.103 Exception Authority.
    4279.104 Appeals.
    4279.105-4279.107 [Reserved]
    4279.108 Eligible borrowers.
    4279.109-4279.112 [Reserved]
    4279.113 Eligible uses of funds.
    4279.114 [Reserved]
    4279.115 Cooperative stock/cooperative equity.
    4279.116 New Markets Tax Credit program.
    4279.117 Ineligible purposes and entity types.
    4279.118 [Reserved]
    4279.119 Loan guarantee limits.
    4279.120 Fees and charges.
    4279.121-4279.124 [Reserved]
    4279.125 Interest rates.
    4279.126 Loan terms.
    4279.127-4279.130 [Reserved]
    4279.131 Credit quality.
    4279.132 Personal and corporate guarantees.
    4279.133-4279.135 [Reserved]
    4279.136 Insurance.
    4279.137 Financial statements.
    4279.138-4279.143 [Reserved]
    4279.144 Appraisals.
    4279.145-4279.149 [Reserved]
    4279.150 Feasibility studies.
    4279.151-4279.160 [Reserved]
    4279.161 Filing preapplications and applications.
    4279.162-4279.164 [Reserved]
    4279.165 Evaluation of application.
    4279.166 Loan priority scoring.
    4279.167 Planning and performing development.
    4279.168 Timeframe for processing applications.
    4279.169-4279.172 [Reserved]
    4279.173 Loan approval and obligating funds.
    4279.174 Transfer of lenders.
    4279.175-4279.179 [Reserved]
    4279.180 Changes in borrower.
    4279.181 Conditions precedent to issuance of the Loan Note Guarantee.
    4279.182-4279.186 [Reserved]
    4279.187 Refusal to execute Loan Note Guarantee.
    4279.188-4279.199 [Reserved]
    4279.200 OMB control number.

begin regulatory text
PART 4279--GUARANTEED LOANMAKING Back to Top
Subpart B--Business and Industry Loans Back to Top
§ 4279.101 Introduction.

(a) Content. This subpart contains loan processing regulations for the Business
and Industry (B&I) Guaranteed Loan Program. It is supplemented by subpart A of
this part, which contains general guaranteed loan regulations, and subpart B of
part 4287 of this chapter, which contains loan servicing regulations.

(b) Purpose. The purpose of the B&I Guaranteed Loan Program is to improve,
develop, or finance business, industry, and employment and improve the economic
and environmental climate in rural communities. This purpose is achieved by
bolstering the existing private credit structure through the guarantee of
quality loans that will provide lasting community benefits. It is not intended
that the guarantee authority will be used for marginal or substandard loans or
for relief of lenders having such loans.

(c) Documents. Whether specifically stated or not, whenever Agency approval is
required, it must be in writing. Copies of all forms, regulations, and
Instructions referenced in this subpart may be obtained from any Agency office
and from the USDA Rural Development Web site at www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs.
Whenever a form is designated in this subpart, that designation includes
predecessor and successor forms, if applicable, as specified by the Agency.
§ 4279.102 Definitions and abbreviations.

The definitions and abbreviations in § 4279.2 of this chapter are applicable to
this subpart.
§ 4279.103 Exception Authority.

Section 4279.15 of this chapter applies to this subpart.
§ 4279.104 Appeals.

Section 4279.16 of this chapter applies to this subpart.
§§ 4279.105-4279.107 [Reserved]
§ 4279.108 Eligible borrowers.

(a) Type of entity. A borrower may be a cooperative organization, corporation,
partnership, or other legal entity organized and operated on a profit or
nonprofit basis; an Indian tribe on a Federal or State reservation or other
Federally recognized tribal group; a public body; or an individual. A borrower
must be engaged in or proposing to engage in a business. Business may include
manufacturing, wholesaling, retailing, providing services, or other activities
that will provide employment and improve the economic or environmental climate.

(b) Citizenship. Individual borrowers must be citizens of the United States
(U.S.) or reside in the U.S. after being legally admitted for permanent
residence. For purposes of this subpart, citizens and residents of the Republic
of Palau, the Federated States of Micronesia, American Samoa, and the Republic
of the Marshall Islands are considered U.S. citizens. Corporations or other non
public-body type borrowers must be at least 51 percent owned by persons who are
either citizens of the U.S. or reside in the U.S. after being legally admitted
for permanent residence. Individuals that reside in the U.S. after being legally
admitted for permanent residence must provide a permanent green card as evidence
of eligibility.

(c) Rural area. The business financed with a guaranteed loan under this subpart
must be located in a rural area, except for cooperative organizations financed
in accordance with § 4279.113(j)(2) and local foods projects financed in
accordance with § 4279.113(x)(2). Loans to borrowers with facilities located in
both rural and non-rural areas will be limited to the amount necessary to
finance the facility located in the eligible rural area, except for those
cooperative organizations financed in accordance with § 4279.113(j)(2) and those
local foods projects financed in accordance with § 4279.113(x)(2).

(1) Rural areas are any area of a State other than a city or town that has a
population of greater than 50,000 inhabitants and any urbanized area contiguous
and adjacent to such a city or town. In making this determination, the Agency
will use the latest decennial census of the U.S.

(2) For the purposes of this definition, cities and towns are incorporated
population centers with definite boundaries, local self government, and legal
powers set forth in a charter granted by the State.

(3) For the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the island is considered rural, except
for the San Juan Census Designated Place (CDP) and any other CDP with greater
than 50,000 inhabitants. However, CDPs with greater than 50,000 inhabitants,
other than the San Juan CDP, may be eligible if they are determined to be "not
urban in character."

(4) For the State of Hawaii, all areas within the State are considered rural,
except for the Honolulu CDP within the County of Honolulu.

(5) For the Republic of Palau, the Federated States of Micronesia, American
Samoa, and the Republic of the Marshall Islands, the Agency will determine what
constitutes a rural area based on available population data.

(6) Notwithstanding any other provision of this definition, in determining which
census blocks in an urbanized area are not in a rural area, the Agency will
exclude any cluster of census blocks that would otherwise be considered not in a
rural area only because the cluster is adjacent to not more than two census
blocks that are otherwise considered not in a rural area under this definition.

(7)(i) The Under Secretary, whose authority may not be redelegated, may
determine that an area is "rural in character." Any determination made by the
Under Secretary under this provision will be to areas that are determined to be
"rural in character" and are within:

(A) An urbanized area that has two points on its boundary that are at least 40
miles apart, which is not contiguous or adjacent to a city or town that has a
population of greater than 150,000 inhabitants or the urbanized area of such
city or town; or

(B) An area within an urbanized area contiguous and adjacent to a city or town
of greater than 50,000 inhabitants that is within1/4mile of a rural area.

(ii) Units of local government may petition the Under Secretary for a "rural in
character" designation by submitting a petition to both the appropriate Rural
Development State Director and the Administrator on behalf of the Under
Secretary. The petition must document how the area meets the requirements of
paragraph (c)(7) of this section and discuss why the petitioner believes the
area is "rural in character," including, but not limited to, the area's
population density; demographics; topography; and how the local economy is tied
to a rural economic base. Upon receiving a petition, the Under Secretary will
consult with the applicable Governor and Rural Development State Director and
request comments within 10 business days, unless those comments were submitted
with the petition. The Under Secretary will release to the public a notice of a
petition filed by a unit of local government not later than 30 days after
receipt of the petition by way of notice in a local newspaper and notice on the
applicable Rural Development State Office Web site. The Under Secretary will
make a determination not less than 15 days, but no more than 60 days, after the
release of the notice. The public notice will appear for at least 3 consecutive
days if published in a daily newspaper or otherwise in two consecutive
publications. Upon a negative determination, the Under Secretary will provide to
the petitioner an opportunity to appeal a determination to the Under Secretary
for reconsideration, and the petitioner will have 10 business days to appeal the
determination and provide further information for consideration.

(d) Other credit. All applications for assistance will be accepted and processed
without regard to the availability of credit from any other source.

(e) Prohibition under Agency programs. No loans guaranteed by the Agency will be
conditioned on any requirement that the recipients of such assistance accept or
receive electric or other services from any particular utility, supplier, or
cooperative.
§§ 4279.109-4279.112 [Reserved]
§ 4279.113 Eligible uses of funds.

Eligible uses of funds must be consistent with § 4279.101(b) of this subpart and
include, but are not limited, to the following:

(a) Purchase and development of land, buildings, and associated infrastructure,
including expansion or modernization.

(b) Business acquisitions provided that jobs will be created or saved.

(c) Leasehold improvements when the lease contains no reverter clauses or
restrictive clauses that would impair the use or value of the property as
security for the loan. The term of the lease must be equal to or greater than
the term of the loan.

(d) Constructing or equipping facilities for lease to private businesses engaged
in commercial or industrial operations. Financing for mixed-use properties
involving both commercial business and residential space is authorized provided
that not less than 50 percent of the building's projected revenue will be
generated from business use.

(e) Purchase of machinery and equipment.

(f) Startup costs, working capital, inventory, and supplies in the form of a
permanent working capital term loan.

(g) Debt refinancing when it is determined that the project is viable and
refinancing is necessary to improve cash flow and create new or save existing
jobs. Debt being refinanced must be debt of the borrower reflected on its
balance sheet, and the lender's analysis must document that the debt being
refinanced was for an eligible loan purpose under this subpart. Except as
provided for in paragraph (k)(3) of this section, existing lender debt may be
included provided that, at the time of application, the loan being refinanced
has been closed and current for at least the past 12 months (current status
cannot be achieved by the lender forgiving the borrower's debt or servicing
actions that impact the borrower's repayment schedule), and the lender is
providing better rates or terms. Unless the amount to be refinanced is owed
directly to the Federal government or is Federally guaranteed, the existing
lender debt refinancing must be less than 50 percent of the overall loan.

(h) Takeout of interim financing. Guaranteeing a loan that provides for
permanent, long-term financing after project completion to pay off a lender's
interim loan will not be treated as debt refinancing provided that the lender
submits a complete preapplication or application that proposes such interim
financing prior to closing the interim loan. The borrower must take no action
that would have an adverse impact on the environment or limit the range of
alternatives to be considered by the Agency during the environmental review
process. The Agency will not guarantee takeout of interim financing loans that
prevent a meaningful environmental assessment prior to Agency loan approval.
Even for projects with interim financing, the Agency cannot approve the loan and
issue a Conditional Commitment until the environmental process is complete. The
Agency assumes no responsibility or obligation for interim loans.

(i) Purchase of membership, stocks, bonds, or debentures necessary to obtain a
loan from Farm Credit System institutions and other lenders provided that the
purchase is required for all of their borrowers and is the minimum amount
required.

(j) Loans to cooperative organizations.

(1) Guaranteed loans to eligible cooperative organizations may be made in
principal amounts up to $40 million if the project is located in a rural area,
the cooperative facility being financed provides for the value-added processing
of agricultural commodities, and the total amount of loans exceeding $25 million
does not exceed 10 percent of the funds available for the fiscal year.

(2) Guaranteed loans to eligible cooperative organizations may also be made in
non-rural areas provided:

(i) The primary purpose of the loan is for a facility to provide value-added
processing for agricultural producers that are located within 80 miles of the
facility;

(ii) The applicant satisfactorily demonstrates that the primary benefit of the
loan will be to provide employment for rural residents;

(iii) The principal amount of the loan does not exceed $25 million; and

(iv) The total amount of loans guaranteed under this paragraph does not exceed
10 percent of the funds available for the fiscal year.

(3) An eligible cooperative organization may refinance an existing B&I loan
provided that the existing loan is current and performing; the existing loan is
not and has not been in monetary default (more than 30 days late) or the
collateral of which has not been converted; and there is adequate security or
full collateral for the new guaranteed loan.

(k) The purchase of cooperative stock by individual farmers or ranchers in a
farmer or rancher cooperative in accordance with § 4279.115(a).

(l) The purchase of preferred stock or similar equity issued by a cooperative
organization or a fund that invests primarily in cooperative organizations in
accordance with § 4279.115(b).

(m) Taxable corporate bonds when the bonds are fully amortized and comply with
all provisions of § 4279.126, and the bond holder (lender) retains 5 percent of
the bond in accordance with § 4279.77. The bonds must be fully secured with
collateral in accordance with § 4279.131(b). The bonds must only provide for a
trustee when the trustee is totally under the control of the lender. The bonds
must provide no rights to bond holders other than the right to receive the
payments due under the bond. For instance, the bonds must not provide for bond
holders replacing the trustee or directing the trustee to take servicing
actions, such as accelerating the bonds. Convertible bonds are not eligible
under this paragraph due to the potential conflict of interest of a lender
having an ownership interest in the borrower.

(1) The bond issuer (borrower) must not issue more than 11 bonds with no more
than 10 of those bonds being guaranteed under this program. The bond issuer must
obtain the services and opinion of an experienced bond counsel who must present
a legal opinion stating that the bonds are legal, valid and binding obligations
of the issuer and that the issuer has adhered to all applicable laws.

(2) The bond holder must purchase all of the bonds and comply with all Agency
regulations. There must be a bond purchase agreement between the issuer and the
bond holder. The bond purchase agreement must contain similar language to what
is required to be in a loan agreement in accordance with § 4279.161(b)(11) and
must not be in conflict with subparts A or B of part 4279 or subpart B of part
4287. The bond holder is responsible for all servicing of the loan (bond),
although the bond holder may contract for servicing assistance, including
contracting with a trustee who remains under the lender's total control.

(n) Interest (including interest on interim financing) during the period before
the first principal payment becomes due or when the facility becomes income
producing, whichever is earlier.

(o) Fees and charges outlined in § 4279.120(a), (c) and (d).

(p) Feasibility studies.

(q) Agricultural production, when not eligible for Farm Service Agency (FSA)
farmer program assistance and when it is part of an integrated business also
involved in the processing of agricultural products. Any agricultural production
considered for guaranteed loan financing must be owned, operated, and maintained
by the business receiving the loan for which a guarantee is provided. Except for
cooperative stock purchase loans in accordance with § 4279.115(a), independent
agricultural production operations are not eligible, even if not eligible for
FSA farmer programs assistance.

(1) The agricultural-production portion of any loan must not exceed 50 percent
of the total loan or $5 million, whichever is less.

(2) This paragraph does not preclude financing the following types of
businesses:

(i) Commercial nurseries engaged in the production of ornamental plants; trees
and other nursery products, such as bulbs, flowers, shrubbery, flower and
vegetable seeds, sod, and the growing of plants from seed to the transplant
stage; and forestry, which includes businesses primarily engaged in the
operation of timber tracts, tree farms, forest nurseries, and related activities
such as reforestation.

(ii) The growing of mushrooms or hydroponics.

(iii) The boarding and/or training of animals.

(iv) Commercial fishing.

(v) Aquaculture, including conservation, development, and utilization of water
for aquaculture.

(r) Educational or training facilities.

(s) Industries undergoing adjustment from terminated Federal agricultural price
and income support programs or increased competition from foreign trade.

(t) Community facility projects that are not listed as an ineligible loan
purpose in § 4279.117.

(u) Tourist and recreation facilities, including hotels, motels, and bed and
breakfast establishments, except as prohibited under ineligible purposes in §
4279.117.

(v) Pollution control and abatement.

(w) Energy projects that are not eligible under 7 CFR 4280, subpart B, Rural
Energy for America Program, unless sufficient funding is not available under
subpart B of part 4280, and when the facility has been constructed according to
plans and specifications and is producing at the quality and quantity projected
in the application. Eligible energy projects must be commercially available.
Eligible energy projects also include those that reduce reliance on nonrenewable
energy resources by encouraging the development and construction of solar energy
systems and other renewable energy systems (including wind energy systems and
anaerobic digesters for the purpose of energy generation), including the
modification of existing systems in rural areas.

(1) Projects that produce biomass fuel or biogas as an output must utilize
commercially available technologies and have completed two operating cycles at
design performance levels prior to issuance of a Loan Note Guarantee.

(2) Projects that produce steam or electricity as an output must have met
acceptance test performance criteria acceptable to the Agency and be
successfully interconnected with the purchaser of the output. An executed power
purchase agreement acceptable to the Agency will be required prior to issuance
of a Loan Note Guarantee.

(3) Performance or acceptance test requirements for all other energy projects
will be determined by the Agency on a case-by-case basis.

(x) Projects that process, distribute, aggregate, store, and/or market locally
or regionally produced agricultural food products to support community
development and farm and ranch income, subject to each of the following:

(1) The term "locally or regionally produced agricultural food product" means
any agricultural food product that is raised, produced, and distributed in the
locality or region in which the final product is marketed, so that the distance
the product is transported is less than 400 miles from the origin of the
product, or within the State in which the product is produced. Food products
could be raw, cooked, or a processed edible substance, beverage, or ingredient
used or intended for use or for sale in whole or in part for human consumption.

(2) Projects in non-rural areas may be included when the project provides an
economic benefit to the surrounding rural communities.

(3) A significant amount of the food product sold by the borrower is locally or
regionally produced, and a significant amount of the locally or regionally
produced food product is sold locally or regionally.

(4) The borrower must include in an appropriate agreement, with retail and
institutional facilities to which the borrower sells locally or regionally
produced agricultural food products, a requirement to inform consumers of the
retail or institutional facilities that the consumers are purchasing or
consuming locally or regionally produced agricultural food products.

(5) The Agency will give funding priority to projects that provide a benefit to
underserved communities in accordance with § 4279.166(b)(4)(i)(G). An
underserved community is a community (including an urban or rural community and
an Indian tribal community) that has limited access to affordable, healthy
foods, including fresh fruits and vegetables, in grocery retail stores or farmer
to consumer direct markets and that has either a high rate of hunger or food
insecurity or a high poverty rate as reflected in the most recent decennial
census or other Agency approved census.
§ 4279.114 [Reserved]
§ 4279.115 Cooperative stock/cooperative equity.

(a) Cooperative stock purchase program. The Agency may guarantee loans for the
purchase of cooperative stock by individual farmers or ranchers in a farmer or
rancher cooperative established for the purpose of processing an agricultural
commodity. The cooperative may use the proceeds from the stock sale to
recapitalize, to develop a new processing facility or product line, or to expand
an existing production facility. The cooperative may contract for services to
process agricultural commodities or otherwise process value-added agricultural
products during the 5-year period beginning on the operation startup date of the
cooperative in order to provide adequate time for the planning and construction
of the processing facility of the cooperative. Loan proceeds must remain in the
cooperative from which stock was purchased, and the cooperative must not
reinvest those funds into another entity.

(1) The maximum loan amount is the threshold established in § 4279.161(c), and
all applications will be processed in accordance with § 4279.161(c).

(2) The maximum term is 7 years.

(3) The lender will, at a minimum, obtain a valid lien on the stock, an
assignment of any patronage refund, and the ability to transfer the stock to
another party, or otherwise liquidate and dispose of the collateral in the event
of a borrower default.

(4) The lender must complete a written credit analysis of each stock purchase
loan and a complete credit analysis of the cooperative prior to making its first
stock purchase loan.

(5) The borrower may provide financial information in the manner that is
generally required by commercial agricultural lenders.

(6) A feasibility study of the cooperative is required for startup cooperatives
and may be required by the Agency for existing cooperatives when the
cooperative's operations will be significantly affected by the proceeds that
were generated from the stock sale.

(7) The Agency will conduct an appropriate environmental assessment on the
processing facility and will not process individual applications for the
purchase of stock until the environmental assessment on the cooperative
processing facility is completed. Typically, an individual loan for the purchase
of cooperative stock is considered a categorical exclusion.

(b) Cooperative equity security guarantees. The Agency may guarantee loans for
the purchase of preferred stock or similar equity issued by a cooperative
organization or for a fund that invests primarily in cooperative organizations.
In either case, the guarantee must significantly benefit one or more entities
eligible for assistance under the B&I program.

(1) "Similar equity" is any special class of equity stock that is available for
purchase by non-members and/or members and lacks voting and other governance
rights.

(2) A fund that invests "primarily" in cooperative organizations is determined
by its percentage share of investments in and loans to cooperatives. A fund
portfolio must have at least 50 percent of its loans and investments in
cooperatives to be considered eligible for loan guarantees for the purchase of
preferred stock or similar equity.

(3) The principal amount of the loan will not exceed $10 million.

(4) The maximum term is 7 years or no longer than the specified holding period
for redemption as stated by the stock offering, whichever is less.

(5) All borrowers purchasing preferred stock or similar equity must provide a
prospectus on the preferred stock being offered and financial information about
the issuer of the preferred stock to both the lender and the Agency.

(6) Issuer(s) of preferred stock must be a cooperative organization or a fund
and must be able to issue preferred stock to the public in accordance with the
securities' regulations as set forth by the Securities and Exchange Commission
and any other applicable regulatory body, if required.

(7) A fund must use a loan guaranteed under this subpart to purchase preferred
stock that is issued by cooperatives.

(8) The lender will, at a minimum, obtain a valid lien on the preferred stock,
an assignment of any patronage refund, and the ability to transfer the stock to
another party, or otherwise liquidate and dispose of the collateral in the event
of a borrower default. For the purpose of recovering losses from loan defaults,
lenders may take ownership of all equities purchased with such loans, including
additional shares derived from re-investment of dividends.

(9) Shares of preferred stock that are purchased with guaranteed loan proceeds
cannot be converted to common or voting stock.

(10) In the absence of adequate provisions for investors' rights to early
redemption of preferred stock or similar equity, a borrower must request from a
cooperative or fund issuing such equities a contingent waiver of the holding or
redemption period in advance of share purchases. This contingent waiver provides
that in the event a borrower defaults on a loan financed under the guaranteed
loan program, the borrower waives any ownership rights in the stock, and the
lender and Agency will then have the right to redeem the stock.

(11) Guaranteed loans for the purchase of preferred stock must be pre-paid in
the event a cooperative or fund that issued the stock has either exercised an
early redemption or subsequently enters into bankruptcy.
§ 4279.116 New Markets Tax Credit program.

This section identifies the provisions specific to guaranteed loans involving
projects that include new markets tax credits available under the New Markets
Tax Credit (NMTC) program. Such applicants and applications must comply with the
provisions in subparts A and B of this part, except as modified in this section.

(a) NMTC eligible lenders. To be an eligible lender for a loan guarantee that
involves NMTC, the organization must meet the applicable eligibility criteria in
§ 4279.29 as otherwise modified by paragraphs (a)(1) and (2) of this section.

(1) Sub-entities under the control of a non-regulated lender approved as a
lender for this program do not need to separately meet the requirements of §
4279.29(b). An eligible non-regulated lender may modify its list of eligible
sub-entities under its control at any time by notifying the Agency in writing.

(2) In order to take advantage of the requirement exemption in paragraph (a)(1)
of this section, the non-regulated lender must include in its application to be
a lender each sub-entity under its control and must clearly define the
multiple-entity organizational and control structure. In addition, the lender
must include each such sub-entity in the audited financial statements,
commercial loan portfolio, and commercial loan performance statistics.

(b) NMTC eligible purposes. The provisions of § 4279.117(r) notwithstanding, a
lender that is a Department of Treasury certified Community Development Entity
(CDE) or subsidiary of a CDE (sub-CDE) may have an ownership interest in the
borrower provided that each of the conditions specified in paragraphs (b)(1)
through (4) of this section is met.

(1) The lender does not have an ownership interest in the borrower prior to the
guaranteed loan application.

(2) The lender does not take a controlling interest in the borrower.

(3) The lender cannot provide equity or take an ownership interest in a borrower
at a level that would result in the lender owning 20 percent or more interest in
the borrower.

(4) In its guaranteed loan application, the lender provides an Agency approved
exit strategy when the NMTCs expire after the seventh year. The CDE's (or
sub-CDE's) exit strategy must include a general plan to address the lender's
equity in the project, and, if the lender will divest their equity interest, how
this will be accomplished and the impact on the borrower.

(c) Conflict of interest. Notwithstanding § 4279.117(q), a CDE's (or sub-CDE's)
ownership interest in the borrower does not constitute a conflict of interest.
The Agency will mitigate the potential for or appearance of a conflict interest
by requiring appropriate loan covenants regarding limitations on dividends and
distributions of earnings be established as well as other covenants in
accordance with § 4279.161(b)(11). The Agency will also ensure that the lender
limits waivers of loan covenants and future modifications of loan documents.

(d) Eligible borrowers. The provisions of § 4279.117(t) notwithstanding, a
sub-CDE may be an eligible borrower as specified in paragraph (d)(1) of this
section. Paragraphs (d)(2) through (13) of this section identify modifications
to subpart B of this part that apply when the eligible borrower is a sub-CDE.

(1) To be an eligible borrower for a NMTC loan, each of the following conditions
must be met:

(i) The sub-CDE must be established for a single specific NMTC investment;

(ii) The lender is not an affiliate of the sub-CDE;

(iii) One hundred percent of the guaranteed loan funds are or will be loaned by
the sub-CDE to the Qualified Active Low-Income Community Business (QALICB), as
defined by applicable regulations of the Internal Revenue Service and are or
will be used by the QALICB in accordance with §§ 4279.113 and 4279.117. All of
the B&I guaranteed loan funds must be "passed through" the sub-CDE to the
QALICB. The QALICB's project must be the ultimate use of the B&I guaranteed loan
funds; and

(iv) The QALICB meets the requirements of § 4279.108.

(2) The provisions of § 4279.119 apply except that the loan guarantee limits
apply to the QALICB and not to the sub-CDE, who would otherwise be understood to
be the "borrower."

(3) Section 4279.126 applies to both the borrower (sub-CDE) and the QALICB. The
terms and payment schedule of the lender's loan to the sub-CDE must be at least
equal to the terms and payment schedule of the sub-CDE's loan to the QALICB. An
Agency approved unequal or escalating schedule of principal and interest
payments may be used for a NMTC loan. The lender may require additional
principle repayment by a co-borrower such as an owner or principle of the
QALICB. The lender or sub-CDE may require a debt repayment reserve fund or
sinking fund; however, such fund is not in lieu of a principal repayment
schedule in accordance with § 4279.126 as amended by this paragraph.

(4) Except for § 4279.131(b), section 4279.131 applies to both the lender's loan
to the sub-CDE and the sub-CDE's loan to the QALICB. Section 4279.131(b) applies
only to the sub-CDE's loan to the QALICB.

(5) The personal and corporate guarantee provisions of § 4279.132 and the
insurance provisions of § 4279.136 apply only to the QALICB and the sub-CDE's
loan to the QALICB.

(6) Section 4279.137 applies to both the borrower (sub-CDE) and the QALICB.

(7) Sections 4279.144 and 4279.150 apply to both the QALICB and the sub-CDE's
loan to the QALICB.

(8) Section 4279.161 applies to both the borrower (sub-CDE) and the QALICB. As
part of the application completed by the lender in accordance with § 4279.161,
the lender application documentation the lender submits to the Agency must
include comparable information for the loan (using the B&I guaranteed loan
funds) between the sub-CDE and QALICB. The requirements of § 4279.161 apply to
the loan application, application analysis and underwriting, and loan documents
between the sub-CDE and QALICB. The lender must include these materials in its
guaranteed loan application to the Agency.

(9) The environmental requirements specified in § 4279.165(b) apply to both the
loan between the sub-CDE and QALICB and the QALICB's project.

(10) When assigning the priority score to a NMTC loan application under §
4279.166, the Agency will score the project based on the sub-CDE's loan to the
QALICB, the QALICB, and the QALICB's project as the ultimate use of B&I
guaranteed loan funds.

(11) When complying with the planning and performing development provisions in §
4279.167, the lender is responsible for ensuring that both the sub-CDE's loan to
the QALICB and the QALICB's project comply with the provisions in § 4279.167.

(12) Section 4279.180 applies to both the sub-CDE (borrower) and the QALICB.

(13) Section 4279.181 applies to both the sub-CDE (borrower) and the QALICB.

(e) Subordinated debt as equity. For purposes of calculating tangible balance
sheet equity, the CDE's or sub-CDE's loan that is subordinated to the guaranteed
loan will be considered equity when calculating tangible balance sheet equity.
The QALICB's financial statements must be prepared by an accountant in
accordance with GAAP.
§ 4279.117 Ineligible purposes and entity types.

(a) Distribution or payment to an individual or entity that will retain an
ownership interest in the borrower. Distribution or payment to a member of the
immediate family of an owner, partner, or stockholder will not be permitted,
except for a change in ownership of the business where the selling immediate
family member does not retain an ownership interest and the Agency determines
the price paid to be reasonable. In situations where there is common ownership
or an otherwise closely-related company is being paid to do construction or
installation work for a borrower, only documented costs associated with
construction or installation can be paid with loan proceeds. This paragraph does
not apply to transfers of ownership for Employee Stock Ownership Plans or worker
cooperatives, to cooperatives where the cooperative pays the member for product
or services, or where member stock is transferred among members of the
cooperative.

(b) Projects in excess of $1 million that would likely result in the transfer of
jobs from one area to another and increase direct employment by more than 50
employees. However, this limitation is not to be construed to prohibit
assistance for the expansion of an existing business entity through the
establishment of a new branch, affiliate, or subsidiary of such entity if the
establishment of such branch, affiliate, or subsidiary will not result in an
increase in unemployment in the area of original location or in any other area
where such entity conducts business operations, unless there is reason to
believe that such branch, affiliate, or subsidiary is being established with the
intention of closing down the operations of the existing business entity in the
area or its original location or in any other area where it conducts such
operations.

(c) Projects in excess of $1 million that would increase direct employment by
more than 50 employees, which is calculated to or likely to result in an
increase in the production of goods, materials, or commodities, or the
availability of services or facilities in the area, when there is not sufficient
demand for such goods, materials, commodities, services or facilities to employ
the efficient capacity of existing competitive commercial or industrial
enterprises, unless such financial or other assistance will not have an adverse
effect upon existing competitive enterprises in the area.

(d) The financing of timeshares, residential or resort trailer parks and
campgrounds, housing, housing development sites, apartments, duplexes, or other
residential housing, except as authorized in § 4279.113(d).

(e) Owner-occupied housing--bed and breakfasts, hotels and motels, storage
facilities, etc.--are only allowed when the pro rata value of the owner's living
quarters, based on square footage, is deducted from the use of loan proceeds.

(f) Guaranteeing lease payments or any lines of credit.

(g) Guaranteeing loans made by other Federal agencies.

(h) Loans made with the proceeds of any obligation the interest on which is
excludable from income under 26 U.S.C. 103 or a successor statute. Funds
generated through the issuance of tax-exempt obligations shall neither be used
to purchase the guaranteed portion of any Agency guaranteed loan nor shall an
Agency guaranteed loan serve as collateral for a tax-exempt issue. The Agency
may guarantee a loan for a project that involves tax-exempt financing only when
the guaranteed loan funds are used to finance a part of the project that is
separate and distinct from the part that is financed by the tax-exempt
obligation, and the guaranteed loan has at least a parity security position with
the tax-exempt obligation.

(i) Guarantees supporting inherently religious activities such as worship,
religious instruction, proselytization, or to pay costs associated with
acquisition, construction or rehabilitation of structures for inherently
religious activities, including the financing of multi-purpose facilities where
religious activities will be among the activities conducted.

(j) Businesses that derive more than 10 percent of annual gross revenue
(including any lease income from space or machines) from gambling activity,
excluding State-authorized lottery proceeds.

(k) Businesses deriving income from activities of a prurient sexual nature or
illegal activities.

(l) Racetracks or facilities for the conduct of races by animals, professional
or amateur drivers, jockeys, etc.

(m) Golf courses and golf course infrastructure, including par 3 and executive
golf courses.

(n) Cemeteries.

(o) Research and development projects and projects that involve technology that
is not commercially available.

(p) Debt service reserves.

(q) Any project that the Agency determines creates a conflict of interest or an
appearance thereof between any party related to the project.

(r) Guarantees where the lender or any of the lender's officers has an ownership
interest in the borrower or is an officer or director of the borrower or where
the borrower or any of its officers, directors, stockholders, or other owners
have more than a 5 percent ownership interest in the lender.

(s) Notwithstanding cooperative stock purchase loans and cooperative equity
security guarantees in accordance with § 4279.115, guarantees supporting
investment or arbitrage or speculative real estate investment.

(t) Lending institutions, investment institutions, or insurance companies.

(u) Charitable institutions or fraternal organizations.

(v) Any business located within the Coastal Barriers Resource System that does
not qualify for an exception as defined in section 6 of the Coastal Barriers
Resource Act, 16 U.S.C. 3501 et seq.

(w) Any business located in a special flood or mudslide hazard area as
designated by the Federal Emergency Management Agency in a community that is not
participating in the National Flood Insurance Program unless the project is an
integral part of a community's flood control plan.
§ 4279.118 [Reserved]
§ 4279.119 Loan guarantee limits.

(a) Loan amount. The total amount of B&I loans to one borrower (including the
guaranteed and unguaranteed portions, the outstanding principal and interest
balance of any existing B&I guaranteed loans, and the new loan request) must not
exceed $10 million, except as outlined in paragraphs (a)(1) and (2) of this
section.

(1) The Administrator may, at the Administrator's discretion, grant an exception
to the $10 million limit for loans of $25 million or less under the following
circumstances:

(i) The project to be financed is a high-priority project as defined in § 4279.2
of this chapter. Priority points will be awarded in accordance with the criteria
contained in § 4279.166 of this subpart;

(ii) The lender must document to the satisfaction of the Agency that the loan
will not be made and the project will not be completed if the guaranteed loan is
not approved; and

(iii) The percentage of guarantee will not exceed 60 percent. No exception to
this requirement will be approved under paragraph (b) of this section for loans
exceeding $10 million.

(2) The Secretary, whose authority may not be redelegated, may approve
guaranteed loans in excess of $25 million, at the Secretary's discretion, for
rural cooperative organizations that process value-added agricultural
commodities in accordance with § 4279.113(j)(1) of this subpart.

(b) Percentage of guarantee. The percentage of guarantee, up to the maximum
allowed by this section, is a matter of negotiation between the lender and the
Agency. The maximum percentage of guarantee is 80 percent for loans of $5
million or less, 70 percent for loans between $5 and $10 million, and 60 percent
for loans exceeding $10 million. For subsequent guaranteed loans, the maximum
percentage of guarantee will be based on the total amount of outstanding
principal and interest of any existing B&I guaranteed loans and the new loan
request. Notwithstanding the preceding, the Administrator may, at the
Administrator's discretion, grant an exception allowing guarantees of up to 90
percent on loans of $5 million or less if the conditions of either paragraph
(b)(1) or (b)(2) are met. Each fiscal year, the Agency will establish a limit on
the maximum portion of guarantee authority available for that fiscal year that
may be used to guarantee loans with an increased percentage of guarantee. The
Agency will publish a notice announcing this limit in the Federal Register.

(1) The project to be financed is a high-priority project as defined in § 4279.2
of this chapter. Priority points will be awarded in accordance with the criteria
contained in § 4279.166 of this subpart; or

(2) The lender documents, to the satisfaction of the Agency, that the loan will
not be made and the project will not be completed due to the bank's legal or
regulatory lending limit if the higher percentage of guarantee is not approved.
§ 4279.120 Fees and charges.

There are two types of non-refundable fees; the guarantee fee and the annual
renewal fee. These fees are to be paid by the lender but may be passed on to the
borrower.

(a) Guarantee fee. The guarantee fee is paid at the time the Loan Note Guarantee
is issued and may be included as an eligible use of guaranteed loan proceeds.
The amount of the guarantee fee is determined by multiplying the total loan
amount by the guarantee fee rate by the percent of guarantee. The rate of the
guarantee fee is established by the Agency in an annual notice published in the
Federal Register. Subject to annual limits set by the Agency in the published
notice, the Agency may charge a reduced guarantee fee if requested by the lender
for loans of $5 million or less when the borrower's business:

(1) Supports value-added agriculture and results in farmers benefiting
financially,

(2) Promotes access to healthy foods, or

(3) Is a high impact business development investment as defined in § 4279.2 of
this chapter and applied in accordance with § 4279.166(b)(4), and is located in
a rural community that:

(i) Is experiencing long-term population decline;

(ii) Has remained in poverty for the last 30 years;

(iii) Is experiencing trauma as a result of natural disaster or fundamental
structural changes in its economic base;

(iv) Is located in a city or county with an unemployment rate 125 percent of the
statewide rate or greater; or

(v) Is located within the boundaries of a Federally recognized Indian Tribe's
reservation or within tribal trust lands or within land owned by an Alaska
Native Regional or Village Corporation as defined by the Alaska Native Claims
Settlement Act.

(b) Annual renewal fee. The annual renewal fee is paid by the lender to the
Agency once a year. Payment of the annual renewal fee is required in order to
maintain the enforceability of the guarantee as to the lender.

(1) The Agency will establish the rate of the annual renewal fee in an annual
notice published in the Federal Register. The amount of the annual renewal fee
is determined by multiplying the outstanding principal loan balance as of
December 31 of each year by the annual renewal fee rate by the percent of
guarantee. The rate that is in effect at the time the loan is obligated remains
in effect for the life of the guarantee on the loan.

(2) Annual renewal fees are due on January 31. Payments not received by April 1
are considered delinquent and, at the Agency's discretion, may result in the
Agency terminating the guarantee to the lender. The Agency will provide the
lender 30 calendar days notice that the annual renewal fee is delinquent before
terminating the guarantee. Holders' rights will continue in effect as specified
in Form RD 4279-5, "Loan Note Guarantee," and Form RD 4279-6, "Assignment
Guarantee Agreement," unless the holder took possession of an interest in the
Loan Note Guarantee knowing the annual renewal fee had not been paid. Until the
Loan Note Guarantee is terminated by the Agency, any delinquent annual renewal
fees will bear interest at the note rate, and any delinquent annual renewal
fees, including any interest due thereon, will be deducted from any loss payment
due the lender. For loans where the Loan Note Guarantee is issued between
October 1 and December 31, the first annual renewal fee payment is due January
31 of the second year following the date the Loan Note Guarantee was issued.

(3) Lenders are prohibited from selling guaranteed loans on the secondary market
if there are unpaid annual renewal fees.

(c) Routine lender fees. The lender may establish charges and fees for the loan
provided they are similar to those normally charged other applicants for the
same type of loan in the ordinary course of business, and these fees are an
eligible use of loan proceeds. The lender must document such routine fees on
Form RD 4279-1, "Application for Loan Guarantee." The lender may charge
prepayment penalties and late payment fees that are stipulated in the loan
documents, as long as they are reasonable and customary; however, the Loan Note
Guarantee will not cover either prepayment penalties or late payment fees.

(d) Professional services. Professional services are those rendered by entities
generally licensed or certified by States or accreditation associations, such as
architects, engineers, accountants, attorneys, or appraisers, and those rendered
by loan packagers. The borrower may pay fees for professional services needed
for planning and developing a project. Such fees are an eligible use of loan
proceeds provided that the Agency agrees that the amounts are reasonable and
customary. The lender must document these fees on Form RD 4279-1.
§§ 4279.121-4279.124 [Reserved]
§ 4279.125 Interest rates.

The interest rate for the guaranteed loan will be negotiated between the lender
and the borrower and may be either fixed or variable, or a combination thereof,
as long as it is a legal rate. Interest rate swaps must not be used in
conjunction with guaranteed loans made under this subpart. Interest rates will
not be more than those rates customarily charged borrowers for loans without
guarantees and are subject to Agency review and approval. Lenders are encouraged
to utilize the secondary market and pass interest-rate savings on to the
borrower.

(a) A variable interest rate must be a rate that is tied to a published base
rate agreed to by the lender and the Agency. The variable interest rate must be
specified in the promissory note and may be adjusted at different intervals
during the term of the loan, but the adjustments may not be more often than
quarterly. The lender must incorporate, within the variable rate promissory note
at loan closing, the provision for adjustment of payment installments. The
lender must properly amortize the outstanding principal balance within the
prescribed loan maturity in order to eliminate the possibility of a balloon
payment at the end of the loan.

(b) It is permissible to have different interest rates on the guaranteed and
unguaranteed portions of the loan provided that the rate of the guaranteed
portion does not exceed the rate on the unguaranteed portion, except for
situations where a fixed rate on the guaranteed portion becomes a higher rate
than the variable rate on the unguaranteed portion due to the normal
fluctuations in the approved variable interest rate.

(c) Any change in the base rate or fixed interest rate between issuance of Form
RD 4279-3, "Conditional Commitment," and Form RD 4279-5 must be approved in
writing by the Agency. Approval of such change must be shown as an amendment to
the attachment to Form 4279-3 and must be reflected on Form RD 1980-19,
"Guaranteed Loan Closing Report."

(d) The lender's promissory note must not contain provisions for default or
penalty interest nor will default or penalty interest, interest on interest, or
late payment fees or charges be paid under the Loan Note Guarantee.
§ 4279.126 Loan terms.

(a) The length of the loan term must be the same for both the guaranteed and
unguaranteed portions of the loan. The maximum repayment for loans for real
estate will not exceed 30 years; machinery and equipment repayment will not
exceed the useful life of the machinery and equipment or 15 years, whichever is
less; and working capital repayment will not exceed 7 years. The term for a debt
refinancing loan may be based on the collateral the lender will take to secure
the loan.

(b) A loan's maturity will take into consideration the use of proceeds, the
useful life of assets being financed and those used as collateral, and the
borrower's ability to repay the loan.

(c) Only loans that require a periodic payment schedule that will retire the
debt over the term of the loan without a balloon payment will be guaranteed.

(d) The first installment of principal and interest will, if possible, be
scheduled for payment after the facility is operational and has begun to
generate income. However, the first full installment must be due and payable
within 3 years from the date of the promissory note and be paid at least
annually thereafter. In cases where there is an interest-only period, interest
will be paid at least annually from the date of the note.

(e) There must be no "due-on-demand" clauses without cause. Regardless of any
"due-on-demand" with cause provision in a lender's promissory note, the Agency
must concur in any acceleration of the loan if the sole basis for acceleration
is a nonmonetary default.
§ 4279.127-4279.130 [Reserved]
§ 4279.131 Credit quality.

The Agency will only guarantee loans that are sound and that have a reasonable
assurance of repayment. The lender is responsible for conducting a financial
analysis that involves the systematic examination and interpretation of
information to assess a company's past performance, present condition, and
future viability. The lender is primarily responsible for determining credit
quality and must address all of the elements of credit quality in a
comprehensive, written credit analysis including capacity (sufficient cash flow
to service the debt), collateral (assets to secure the loan), conditions
(borrower, economy, and industry), capital (equity/net worth), and character
(integrity of management), as further described in paragraphs (a) through (e) of
this section. The lender's analysis is the central underwriting document and
must be sufficiently detailed to describe the proposed loan and business
situation and document that the proposed loan is sound. The lender's analysis
must include a written discussion of repayment ability with a cash-flow
analysis, history of debt repayment, borrower's management, necessity of any
debt refinancing, and credit reports of the borrower, principals, and any
parent, affiliate or subsidiary. The lender's analysis must also include
spreadsheets and discussion of the 3 years of historical balance sheets and
income statements (for existing businesses) and 2 years of projected balance
sheets, income statements and cash flow statements, with appropriate ratios and
comparisons with industrial standards (such as Dun & Bradstreet or Risk
Management Association). All data must be shown in total dollars and also in
common size form, obtained by expressing all balance sheet items as a percentage
of assets and all income and expense items as a percentage of sales.

(a) Capacity/Cash Flow. The lender must make all efforts to ensure the borrower
has adequate working capital or operating capital and to structure or
restructure debt so that the borrower has adequate debt coverage and the ability
to accommodate expansion.

(b) Collateral. The lender must ensure that the collateral for the loan has a
documented value sufficient to protect the interest of the lender and the Agency
and, except as set forth in paragraph (b)(2) of this section, the discounted
collateral value must be at least equal to the loan amount.

(1) The lender must discount collateral consistent with the sound loan
-to-discounted value policy outlined in paragraphs (b)(1)(i) through (iv) of
this section. The type, quality, and location of collateral are relevant factors
used to assess collateral adequacy and appropriate levels of discounting. Other
factors to be considered in the discounted value of collateral must include the
marketability and alternative uses of the collateral. That is, specialized
buildings or equipment will be discounted greater than multi-purpose facilities
or equipment. When using discounts other than those outlined below, the lender
must document why such discounts are appropriate.

(i) A maximum of 80 percent of current fair market value will be given to real
estate. Special purpose real estate must be assigned less value.

(ii) A maximum of 70 percent of cost or current fair market value will be given
to machinery, equipment, and furniture and fixtures and will be based on its
marketability, mobility, useful life, specialization, and alternative uses, if
any.

(iii) A maximum of 60 percent of book value will be assigned to acceptable
inventory and accounts receivable; however, all accounts over 90 days past due,
contra accounts, affiliated accounts, and other accounts deemed not to be
acceptable collateral, as determined by the Agency, will be omitted.
Calculations to determine the percentage to be applied in the analysis are to be
based on the realizable value of the accounts receivable taken from a current
aging of accounts receivable from the borrower's most recent financial
statement. At a minimum, reviewed annual financial statements will be required
when there is a predominant reliance on inventory and/or receivable collateral
that exceeds $250,000. Except for working capital loans, term debt must not be
dependent upon accounts receivable and inventory to meet collateral
requirements.

(iv) No value will be assigned to unsecured personal, partnership, or corporate
guarantees.

(2) Some businesses are predominantly cash-flow oriented, and where cash flow
and profitability are strong, loan-to-value discounts may be adjusted
accordingly with satisfactory documentation. A loan primarily based on cash flow
must be supported by a successful and documented financial history. Under no
circumstances must the loan-to-value of the collateral (loan-to-fair market
value) ever be equal to or greater than 100 percent.

(3) A parity or junior lien position may be considered provided the loan
-to-discounted value is adequate to secure the guaranteed loan in accordance
with this section.

(4) The entire loan must be secured by the same security with equal lien
priority for the guaranteed and unguaranteed portions of the loan. The
unguaranteed portion of the loan will neither be paid first nor given any
preference or priority over the guaranteed portion.

(c) Conditions. The lender must consider the current status of the borrower,
overall economy, and industry for which credit is being extended. The regulatory
environment surrounding the particular business or industry must also be
considered. Businesses in areas of decline will be required to provide strong
business plans that outline how they differ from the current trends. Local,
regional and national condition of the industry must be addressed.

(d) Capital/Equity. (1) A minimum of 10 percent tangible balance sheet equity
(or a maximum debt to tangible net worth ratio of 9:1) will be required at loan
closing for borrowers that are existing businesses. A minimum of 20 percent
tangible balance sheet equity (or a maximum debt to tangible net worth ratio of
4:1) will be required at loan closing for borrowers that are new businesses. For
energy projects, the minimum tangible balance sheet equity requirement range
will be between 25 percent and 40 percent (or a maximum debt to tangible net
worth ratio between 3:1 and 1.5:1) at loan closing, considering whether the
business is an existing business with a successful financial and management
history or a new business; the value of personal/corporate guarantees offered;
contractual relationships with suppliers and buyers; credit rating; and strength
of the business plan/feasibility study.

(2) Tangible balance sheet equity will be determined based upon financial
statements prepared by an accountant in accordance with GAAP. The capital/equity
requirement must be met in the form of either cash or tangible earning assets
contributed to the business and reflected on the borrower's balance sheet.
Transfers of assets at fair market value must be an arm's length transaction.
Tangible equity cannot include appraisal surplus, bargain purchase gains, or
intangible assets. Owner subordinated debt may be included when the subordinated
debt is in exchange for cash injected into the business that remains in the
business for the life of the guaranteed loan. The note or other form of evidence
must be submitted to the Agency in order for subordinated debt to count towards
meeting the tangible balance sheet equity requirement.

(3) The lender must certify, in accordance with § 4279.181(a)(9)(i), that the
capital/equity requirement was determined, based on a balance sheet prepared by
an accountant in accordance with GAAP, and met, as of the date the guaranteed
loan was closed, giving effect to the entirety of the loan in the calculation,
whether or not the loan itself is fully advanced. A copy of the loan closing
balance sheet must be included with the lender's certification.

(4) In situations where a real estate holding company and an operating entity
are dependent upon one another's operations and are effectively one business,
they must be co-borrowers. The capital/equity requirement will apply to both
entities on a consolidated basis, and financial statements must be prepared both
individually and on a consolidated basis.

(5) In situations where co-borrowers are independent operations, the
capital/equity requirement will apply to all co-borrowers on an individual
basis.

(6) For sole proprietorships and other situations where business assets are held
personally, financial statements must be prepared using only the assets and
liabilities directly attributable to the business. Assets, plus any
improvements, must be valued at the lower of cost or fair market value.

(7) Increases in the equity requirement may be imposed by the Agency. A
reduction in the capital/equity requirement for existing businesses may be
permitted by the Administrator under the following conditions:

(i) Collateralized personal and corporate guarantees, in accordance with §
4279.132 of this subpart, when feasible and legally permissible are obtained;
and

(ii) Pro forma and historical financial statements indicate the business to be
financed meets or exceeds the median quartile (as identified in Risk Management
Association's Annual Statement Studies or similar publication) for the current
ratio, quick ratio, debt-to-worth ratio, and debt coverage ratio.

(e) Character. The lender must conduct a thorough review of key management
personnel to ensure that the business has adequately trained and experienced
managers. The borrower and all owners with a 20 percent or more ownership
interest must have a good credit history, reflecting a record of meeting
obligations in a timely manner. If there have been credit problems in the past,
the lender must provide a satisfactory explanation to show that the problems are
unlikely to recur.
§ 4279.132 Personal and corporate guarantees.

(a) Full, unconditional personal and/or corporate guarantees for the full term
of the loan are required from those owning 20 percent or more interest in the
borrower, unless the Agency grants an exception. The Agency may grant an
exception only when the lender requests it and documents to the Agency's
satisfaction that collateral, equity, cash flow and profitability indicate an
above-average ability to repay the loan. Partial guarantees for the full term of
the loan at least equal to each owner's percentage of interest in the borrower
times the loan amount may be required in lieu of full, unconditional guarantees
when the guarantors' percentages equal 100 percent so that the loan is fully
guaranteed.

(b) When warranted by an Agency assessment of potential financial risk, the
Agency may require the following:

(1) Guarantees to be secured;

(2) Guarantees of parent, subsidiaries, or affiliated companies owning less than
a 20 percent interest in the borrower; and

(3) Guarantees from persons whose ownership interest in the borrower is held
indirectly through intermediate entities.

(c) All personal and corporate guarantors must execute Form RD 4279-14,
"Unconditional Guarantee," and any guarantee form required by the lender. The
Agency will retain the original, executed Form RD 4279-14.

(1) Any amounts paid by the Agency on behalf of an Agency guaranteed loan
borrower will constitute a Federal debt owed to the Agency by the guaranteed
loan borrower.

(2) Any amounts paid by the Agency pursuant to a claim by a guaranteed program
lender will constitute a Federal debt owed to the Agency by a guarantor of the
loan, to the extent of the amount of the guarantor's guarantee.

(3) In all instances under paragraphs (c)(1) and (2) of this section, interest
charges will be assessed in accordance with 7 CFR 1951.133.
§§ 4279.133-4279.135 [Reserved]
§ 4279.136 Insurance.

The lender is responsible for ensuring that required insurance is maintained by
the borrower.

(a) Hazard. Hazard insurance with a standard clause naming the lender as
mortgagee or loss payee, as applicable, is required for the life of the
guaranteed loan. The amount must be at least equal to the replacement value of
the collateral or the outstanding balance of the loan, whichever is the greater
amount.

(b) Life. The lender may require a collateral assignment of life insurance to
insure against the risk of death of persons critical to the success of the
business. When required, coverage must be in amounts necessary to provide for
management succession or to protect the business. The Agency may require life
insurance on key individuals for loans where the lender has not otherwise
proposed such coverage. The cost of insurance and its effect on the applicant's
working capital must be considered as well as the amount of existing insurance
that could be assigned without requiring additional expense.

(c) Worker compensation. Worker compensation insurance is required in accordance
with State law.

(d) Flood. National flood insurance is required in accordance with applicable
law.

(e) Other. The lender must consider whether public liability, business
interruption, malpractice, and other insurance is appropriate to the borrower's
particular business and circumstances and must require the borrower to obtain
such insurance as is necessary to protect the interests of the borrower, the
lender, or the Agency.
§ 4279.137 Financial statements.

The lender will determine the type and frequency of submission of financial
statements by the borrower and any guarantors. At a minimum, annual financial
statements prepared by an accountant in accordance with GAAP are required,
except for personal financial statements and cooperative stock purchase loans in
accordance with § 4279.115(a). However, if the loan amount exceeds $3 million or
if circumstances warrant, the Agency may require annual audited financial
statements.
§§ 4279.138-4279.143 [Reserved]
§ 4279.144 Appraisals.

Lenders must obtain appraisals for real estate and chattel collateral when the
value of the collateral exceeds $250,000. Lenders must use the market value as
established by the appraisal and discounting policies outlined in § 4279.131(b)
to meet the discounted collateral coverage requirements of this subpart. Lenders
are responsible for ensuring that appraisal values adequately reflect the actual
value of the collateral. The Agency will require documentation that the
appraiser has the necessary experience and competency to appraise the property
in question. Appraisals must not be more than 1 year old, and a more recent
appraisal may be requested by the Agency in order to reflect more current market
conditions. For loan servicing purposes, an appraisal may be updated in lieu of
a complete new appraisal when the original appraisal is more than 1 year old but
less than 2 years old. Failure by the lender to follow these requirements will
be considered an act of fraud or misrepresentation.

(a) All real property appraisals associated with Agency guaranteed loanmaking
and servicing transactions must meet the requirements contained in the Financial
Institutions Reform, Recovery and Enforcement Act (FIRREA) of 1989 and the
appropriate guidelines contained in Standards 1 and 2 of the Uniform Standards
of Professional Appraisal Practices (USPAP) and be performed by a State
Certified General Appraiser. Notwithstanding any exemption that may exist for
transactions guaranteed by a Federal Government agency, all appraisals obtained
by the lender for loanmaking and servicing must conform to the Interagency
Appraisal and Evaluations Guidelines established by the lender's primary Federal
or State regulator. All appraisals must include consideration of the potential
effects from a release of hazardous substances or petroleum products or other
environmental hazards on the fair market value of the collateral, if applicable.
The lender must complete and submit its technical review of the appraisal. For
construction projects, the lender must use the "as-completed" market value of
the real estate to determine value of the real estate property.

(b) Values attributed to business valuation or as a going concern are not
allowed.

(c) Chattels must be evaluated in accordance with normal banking practices and
generally accepted methods of determining value. Chattel appraisals must reflect
the age, condition, and remaining useful life of the equipment. If the appraisal
is completed by a state licensed/certified appraiser, the appraisal report must
comply with USPAP Standards 7 and 8.
§ 4279.145-4279.149 [Reserved]
§ 4279.150 Feasibility studies.

A feasibility study, by a qualified independent consultant acceptable to the
Agency, is required for new businesses. The Agency may require a feasibility
study for existing businesses when the project will significantly affect the
borrower's operations. A feasibility study is also required for all biofuels
proposals, regardless of whether the business is new or existing. At a minimum,
a feasibility study must include an evaluation of the economic, market,
technical, financial, and management feasibility and an executive summary that
reaches an overall conclusion as to the business' chance of success. The income
approach of an appraisal is not an acceptable feasibility study.
§ 4279.151-4279.160 [Reserved]
§ 4279.161 Filing preapplications and applications.

Borrowers and lenders are encouraged to file preapplications and obtain Agency
comments before completing an application. However, if they prefer, borrowers
and lenders may file a complete application without filing a preapplication. The
Agency will neither accept nor process preapplications and applications unless a
lender has agreed to finance the proposal. Guaranteed loans exceeding $600,000
must be submitted under the requirements specified in paragraph (b) of this
section. However, guaranteed loans of $600,000 and less may be submitted under
the requirements of either paragraph (b) or (c) of this section.

(a) Preapplications. Lenders may file preapplications by submitting the
following to the Agency:

(1) A letter or preliminary lender credit analysis, signed by the lender,
containing the following:

(i) Name of the proposed borrower, organization type, address, contact person,
federal tax identification number, email address, and telephone number;

(ii) Name of the proposed lender, address, telephone number, contact person,
email address, and lender's Internal Revenue Service (IRS) identification
number;

(iii) Amount of the loan request, percent of guarantee requested, and the
proposed rates and terms;

(iv) Description of collateral to be offered with estimated values and the
amount and source of equity to be contributed to the project;

(v) A brief description of the project, products, services provided, and
availability of raw materials and supplies; and

(vi) The number of current full-time equivalent jobs, the number of jobs to be
created as a result of the proposed loan, and the overall average wage rate.

(2) The borrower's current (not more than 90 days old) balance sheet and
year-to-date income statement. For existing businesses, also include balance
sheets and income statements for the last 3 years; and

(3) A completed Form RD 4279-2, "Certification of Non-Relocation and Market
Capacity Information Report," if the proposed loan is in excess of $1 million
and will increase direct employment by more than 50 employees.

(b) Applications. Lenders must submit the information specified in paragraphs
(b)(1) through (19) of this section when filing an application with the Agency.

(1) A completed Form RD 4279-1.

(2) A completed Form RD 4279-2, if the proposed loan is in excess of $1 million
and will increase direct employment by more than 50 employees.

(3) A completed Form RD 1940-20, "Request for Environmental Information," and
attachments, unless the project is categorically excluded under Agency
environmental regulations.

(4) A personal or commercial credit report from an acceptable credit reporting
company for each individual or entity owning 20 percent or more interest in the
borrower, except for those corporations listed on a major stock exchange. Credit
reports are not required for elected and appointed officials when the applicant
is a public body or non-profit corporation.

(5) Commercial credit reports for the borrower(s) and any parent, affiliate, and
subsidiary companies.

(6) Current (not more than 90 days old) financial statements for any parent,
affiliate, and subsidiary companies.

(7) Current (not more than 90 days old) personal and corporate financial
statements of any guarantors.

(8) For all borrowers, a current (not more than 90 days old) balance sheet and
year-to-date income statement, a pro forma balance sheet projected for loan
closing, and projected balance sheets, income statements and cash flow
statements for the next 2 years. Projections must be supported by a list of
assumptions showing the basis for the projections. In the event processing of
the loan is not complete within 90 days, a current set of financial statements
will be required every 90 days.

(9) For borrowers that are existing businesses, balance sheets and income
statements for the last 3 years. If the business has been in operation for less
than 3 years, balance sheets and income statements for all years for which
financial information is available.

(10) The lender's comprehensive, written credit analysis of the proposal, as
described in § 4279.131.

(11) A draft loan agreement. A final loan agreement must be executed by the
lender and borrower before the Agency issues a Loan Note Guarantee and must
contain any additional requirements imposed by the Agency in its Conditional
Commitment. The loan agreement must establish prudent, adequate controls to
protect the interests of the lender and Agency. At a minimum, the following
requirements must be included in the loan agreement:

(i) Type and frequency of borrower and guarantor financial statements to be
required for the duration of the loan;

(ii) Prohibition against assuming liabilities or obligations of others;

(iii) Limitations on dividend payments and compensation of officers and owners;

(iv) Limitation on the purchase and sale of equipment and other fixed assets;

(v) Restrictions concerning consolidations, mergers, or other circumstances and
a limitation on selling the business without the concurrence of the lender;

(vi) Maximum debt-to-net worth ratio; and

(vii) Minimum debt service coverage ratio.

(12) Intergovernmental consultation comments in accordance with 7 CFR, part
3015, subpart V, or successor regulation, unless exemptions have been granted by
the State single point of contact.

(13) Appraisals, accompanied by a copy of the appropriate environmental site
assessment, if available.

(14) A business plan or similar document that must include a description of the
business and project, management experience, sources of capital, products and
services and pricing, marketing plan, proposed use of funds, availability of
labor, raw materials and supplies, contracts in place, distribution channels,
and the names of any corporate parent, affiliates, and subsidiaries with a
description of the relationship. A business plan may be omitted if the
information is included in a feasibility study. At the Agency's discretion, a
business plan may be omitted when loan proceeds are used exclusively for debt
refinancing and fees.

(15) Independent feasibility study, if required.

(16) For companies listed on a major stock exchange or subject to the Securities
and Exchange Commission regulations, a copy of SEC Form 10-K, "Annual Report
Pursuant to sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934."

(17) For health care facilities, a certificate of need, if required by statute
or State law.

(18) For guaranteed loan applications for five or more residential units,
including nursing homes and assisted-living facilities, an Affirmative Fair
Housing Marketing Plan that is in conformance with 7 CFR 1901.203(c)(3).

(19) Any additional information required by the Agency to make a decision.

(c) Applications of $600,000 and less. Guaranteed loan applications may be
processed under this paragraph if the request does not exceed $600,000, provided
the Agency determines that there is not a significant increased risk of a
default on the loan. A lender may need to resubmit an application under
paragraph (b) of this section if the application under this paragraph does not
contain sufficient information for the Agency to make a decision whether to
guarantee the loan. Applications submitted under this paragraph must include the
information contained in paragraphs (b)(1) (with the short application box
marked at the top of Form RD 4279-1), (b)(3), (b)(8) through (10), (b)(12), and
(b)(13) of this section. The lender must have the documentation identified in
paragraph (b) of this section, with the exception of paragraph (b)(2), available
in its file for review.
§§ 4279.162-4279.164 [Reserved]
§ 4279.165 Evaluation of application.

(a) General review. The Agency will evaluate the application and make a
determination whether the borrower is eligible, the proposed loan is for an
eligible purpose, there is reasonable assurance of repayment ability, there is
sufficient collateral and equity, and the proposed loan complies with all
applicable statutes and regulations. If the Agency determines it is unable to
guarantee the loan, it will inform the lender in writing.

(b) Environmental requirements. The environmental review process must be
completed, in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G or successor
regulation, prior to loan approval.
§ 4279.166 Loan priority scoring.

The Agency will consider applications and preapplications in the order they are
received by the Agency; however, for the purpose of assigning priority points as
described in paragraph (b) of this section, the Agency will compare an
application to other pending applications that are competing for funding. The
Agency may establish a minimum loan priority score to fund projects from the
National Office reserve and will publish any minimum loan priority score in a
notice published in the Federal Register.

(a) When applications on hand otherwise have equal priority, the Agency will
give preference to applications for loans from qualified veterans.

(b) The Agency will assign priority points on the basis of the point system
contained in this section. The Agency will use the application and supporting
information to determine an eligible proposed project's priority for available
guarantee authority. To the extent possible, all lenders must consider Agency
priorities when choosing projects for guarantee. The lender must provide
necessary information related to determining the score, if requested.

(1) Population priority. Projects located in an unincorporated area or in a city
with a population under 25,000 (10 points).

(2) Demographics priority. The priority score for demographics priority will be
the total score for the following categories:

(i) Located in an eligible area of long-term population decline according to the
last three decennial censuses (5 points);

(ii) Located in a rural county that has had 20 percent or more of its population
living in poverty based on the last three decennial censuses (5 points);

(iii) Located in a rural community that is experiencing trauma as a result of
natural disaster (5 points);

(iv) Located in a city or county with an unemployment rate 125 percent of the
statewide rate or greater (5 points);

(v) Located within the boundaries of a Federally recognized Indian Tribe's
reservation or within tribal trust lands or within land owned by an Alaska
Native Regional or Village Corporation as defined by the Alaska Native Claims
Settlement Act (5 points); and

(vi) Business is owned by a qualified veteran as defined by § 4279.2 of this
chapter (5 points).

(3) Loan features. The priority score for loan features will be the total score
for the following categories:

(i) Lender will price a variable rate loan at a rate equal to or less than the
Wall Street Journal published Prime Rate plus 1.5 percent (5 points);

(ii) Lender will price a variable rate loan at a rate equal to or less than the
Wall Street Journal published Prime Rate plus 1 percent (5 points);

(iii) Lender will price a fixed rate loan equal to or less than the Farmer Mac
II rate plus 2.5 percent (5 points);

(iv) Lender will price a fixed rate loan equal to or less than the Farmer Mac II
rate plus 2 percent (5 points);

(v) The Agency guaranteed loan is less than 60 percent of project cost (5
points);

(vi) The Agency guaranteed loan is less than 50 percent of project cost (5
points);

(vii) The Agency guaranteed loan is less than 40 percent of project cost (5
points);

(viii) The loan-to-job ratio (loan amount/number of jobs created and saved) is
less than $75,000 in loan proceeds per job created and saved (5 points);

(ix) The loan-to-job ratio is less than $50,000 in loan proceeds per job created
and saved (5 points); and

(x) For loans not requesting an exception under § 4279.119(b) of this subpart,
the percentage of guarantee is 10 or more percentage points less than the
maximum allowable for a loan of its size (5 points).

(4) High impact business investment priorities. The priority score for high
impact business investment will be the total score for the following two
categories:

(i) Business/industry. The priority score for business/industry will be the
total score for the following:

(A) Industry that is not already present in the community (5 points);

(B) Business that has 20 percent or more of its sales in international markets
(5 points);

(C) Business that offers high value, specialized products and/or services that
command high prices (2 points);

(D) Business that provides an additional market for existing local businesses (3
points);

(E) Business that is locally owned and managed (3 points);

(F) Business that will produce a natural resource value-added product or an
agricultural resource value-added product (2 points); and

(G) Business that processes, distributes, aggregates, stores and/or markets
locally or regionally produced agricultural food products to underserved
communities in accordance with § 4279.113(x)(5) (5 points); and

(ii) Occupations. The priority score for occupations will be the total score for
the following:

(A) Business that creates or saves jobs with an average wage exceeding 125
percent of the Federal minimum wage (5 points);

(B) Business that creates or saves jobs with an average wage exceeding 150
percent of the Federal minimum wage (5 points); and

(C) Business that offers a healthcare benefits package to all employees, with at
least 50 percent of the premium paid by the employer, or a business that
qualifies under the Work Opportunity Tax Credit Program authorized by the Small
Business and Work Opportunity Tax Act of 2007 (5 points).

(5) Administrative points. The State Director may assign up to 10 additional
points to an application to account for statewide distribution of funds, natural
disasters or economic emergency conditions, community economic development
strategies, State strategic plans, fundamental structural changes in a
community's economic base, or projects that will fulfill an Agency initiative.
In addition to the State Director assigned points, if an application is
considered in the National Office, the Administrator may assign up to an
additional 10 points to account for geographic distribution of funds, emergency
conditions caused by economic problems or natural disasters, or projects that
will fulfill an Agency initiative.
§ 4279.167 Planning and performing development.

(a) Design policy. The lender must ensure that all facilities constructed with
program funds are designed, and costs estimated, by an independent professional
utilizing accepted architectural, engineering and design practices. The Agency
may require an independent professional architect on complex projects. The
lender must ensure the design conforms to applicable Federal, State, and local
codes and requirements. The lender must also ensure that the project will be
completed with available funds and, once completed, will be used for its
intended purpose and produce in the quality and quantity proposed in the
completed application approved by the Agency. Once construction is completed,
the lender must provide the Agency with a copy of the Notice of Completion.

(b) Issuing the Loan Note Guarantee prior to project completion. If the lender
requests that the Loan Note Guarantee be issued prior to completion of a
construction project, the lender must have a construction monitoring plan
acceptable to the Agency and undertake the added responsibilities set forth in
this paragraph. The lender must monitor the progress of construction and
undertake the reviews and inspections necessary to ensure that construction
conforms to applicable Federal, State, and local code requirements; proceeds are
used in accordance with the approved plans, specifications, and contract
documents; and that funds are used for eligible project costs. The lender must
expeditiously report any problems in project development to the Agency.

(1) In cases of takeout of interim financing where the Loan Note Guarantee is
issued prior to completion of a project, the promissory note must contain the
terms and conditions of the interim financing and the permanent financing and
convert the interim financing to the permanent note as the Loan Note Guarantee
can only be placed on one note.

(2) Prior to disbursement of construction funds, the lender must have:

(i) A complete set of plans and specifications for the project on file;

(ii) A detailed timetable for the project with a corresponding budget of costs
setting forth the parties responsible for payment. The timetable and budget must
be agreed to by the borrower;

(iii) A person, with demonstrated experience relating to the project's industry,
confirm that the budget is adequate for the planned development;

(iv) A firm, fixed-price construction contract with an independent general
contractor with costs and provisions for change order approvals, a retainage
percentage, and a disbursement schedule or a 100 percent performance/payment
bond on the borrower's contactor will be required in cases when the lender
requests issuance of a Loan Note Guarantee prior to completion of construction.
The bonding agent must be listed on Treasury Circular 570. A performance/payment
bond will be made a part of the contract if the borrower requests it or if the
contractor requests partial payments for construction work; and

(v) Contingencies in place to handle unforeseen cost overruns without seeking
additional guaranteed assistance. These are to be agreed to by the borrower.

(3) Once construction begins, the lender is to:

(i) Use any borrower funds in the project first;

(ii) Ensure that the project is built to support the functions at the level and
quality contemplated by the borrower through the use of accepted architectural
and engineering practices. There is no absolute requirement that the goal be
achieved by the use of a professional inspection. However, if after careful
review, it appears that the use of a professional inspector is the only method
that ensures that the project is built to support the functions at the level and
quality contemplated by the borrower through the use of accepted architectural
and engineering practices, one may be required by the Agency. If one is
required, inspections must be made by a qualified, independent inspector prior
to any progress payments. If other less expensive or rigorous methods will
achieve the same result, they may be utilized. The decision will be made on a
case-by-case basis and must be reasonable under the specific circumstances of
the case;

(iii) Obtain lien waivers from all contractors and materialmen prior to any
disbursement; and

(iv) Provide at least monthly, written reports to the Agency on fund
disbursement and project status.

(4) Once construction is completed, the lender is to provide the Agency with a
copy of the Notice of Completion.

(c) Compliance with other Federal laws. Lenders must comply with other
applicable Federal laws including Equal Employment Opportunities, Equal Credit
Opportunity Act, Fair Housing Act, and the Civil Rights Act of 1964. Guaranteed
loans that involve the construction of or addition to facilities that
accommodate the public and commercial facilities, as defined by the Americans
with Disabilities Act (ADA), must comply with the ADA. The borrower and lender
are responsible for ensuring compliance with these requirements.

(d) Environmental responsibilities. The lender must ensure that the borrower
has:

(1) Provided the necessary environmental information to enable the Agency to
undertake its environmental review process in accordance with subpart G of 7 CFR
part 1940 or successor regulations, including the provision of all required
Federal, State, and local permits;

(2) Complied with any mitigation measures required by the Agency; and

(3) Not taken any actions or incurred any obligations with respect to the
proposed project that would either limit the range of alternatives to be
considered during the Agency's environmental review process or that would have
an adverse effect on the environment.
§ 4279.168 Timeframe for processing applications.

All complete guaranteed loan applications will be approved or disapproved within
60 days, unless approval is prevented by a lack of guarantee authority or there
are delays resulting from public comment requirements of the environmental
assessment or outstanding DOL clearance issues.
§§ 4279.169-4279.172 [Reserved]
§ 4279.173 Loan approval and obligating funds.

(a) Upon approval of a loan guarantee, the Agency will issue a Conditional
Commitment to the lender containing conditions under which a Loan Note Guarantee
will be issued. No Conditional Commitment can be issued until the loan is
obligated. If a Loan Note Guarantee is not issued by the Conditional Commitment
expiration date, the Conditional Commitment may be extended at the request of
the lender and only if there has been no material adverse change in the borrower
or the borrower's financial condition since issuance of the Conditional
Commitment. If the Conditional Commitment is not accepted, the Conditional
Commitment may be withdrawn and funds may be deobligated. Likewise, if the
Conditional Commitment expires, funds may be deobligated.

(b) If certain conditions of the Conditional Commitment cannot be met, the
lender and borrower may request changes to the Conditional Commitment. Within
the requirements of the applicable regulations and prudent lending practices,
the Agency may negotiate with the lender and the borrower regarding any proposed
changes to the Conditional Commitment. Any changes to the Conditional Commitment
must be documented by written amendment to the Conditional Commitment.

(c) The borrower must comply with all Federal requirements then in effect for
receiving Federal assistance.
§ 4279.174 Transfer of lenders.

(a) The Agency may approve the substitution of a new eligible lender in place of
a former lender who has been issued and has accepted an outstanding Conditional
Commitment when the Loan Note Guarantee has not yet been issued; provided that
there are no changes in the borrower's ownership or control, loan purposes, or
scope of project and the loan terms and conditions in the Conditional Commitment
and the loan agreement remain the same.

(b) Unless the new lender is already an approved lender, the Agency will analyze
the new lender's servicing capability, eligibility, and experience prior to
approving the substitution. The original lender must provide the Agency with a
letter stating the reasons it no longer desires to be a lender for the project.
The substituted lender must execute a new part B of Form 4279-1, Form RD 4279-4,
"Lender's Agreement," (unless a valid Lender's Agreement with the Agency already
exists), and must complete a new lender's analysis in accordance with §
4279.131. The new lender may also be required to provide other updated
application items outlined in § 4279.161(b).
§§ 4279.175-4279.179 [Reserved]
§ 4279.180 Changes in borrower.

Any changes in borrower ownership or organization prior to the issuance of the
Loan Note Guarantee must meet the eligibility requirements of the program and be
approved by the Agency.
§ 4279.181 Conditions precedent to issuance of the Loan Note Guarantee.

(a) The lender must not close the loan until all conditions of the Conditional
Commitment are met. When loan closing plans are established, the lender must
notify the Agency. Coincident with, or immediately after loan closing, the
lender must provide the following to the Agency:

(1) An executed Form RD 4279-4, unless a valid Lender's Agreement exists that
was issued after [DATE OF FINAL RULE PUBLICATION];

(2) Form RD 1980-19 and appropriate guarantee fee;

(3) Copy of the executed promissory note(s);

(4) Copy of the executed loan agreement;

(5) Copy of the executed settlement statement;

(6) Original, executed Forms RD 4279-14, as required;

(7) Any other documents required to comply with applicable law or required by
the Conditional Commitment.

(8) Borrower's loan closing balance sheet, supporting paragraph (a)(9)(i) of
this section of the lender certification, demonstrating required tangible
balance sheet equity; and

(9) The lender's certification to each of the following certifications:

(i) The capital/equity requirement was determined, based on a balance sheet
prepared by an accountant in accordance with GAAP, and met, as of the date the
guaranteed loan was closed, giving effect to the entirety of the loan in the
calculation, whether or not the loan itself is fully advanced.

(ii) All requirements of the Conditional Commitment have been met.

(iii) No major changes have been made in the lender's loan conditions and
requirements since the issuance of the Conditional Commitment, unless such
changes have been approved by the Agency in writing.

(iv) There is a reasonable prospect that the guaranteed loan and other project
debt will be repaid on time and in full (including interest) from project cash
flow according to the terms proposed in the application for loan guarantee.

(v) All planned property acquisition has been or will be completed, all
development has been or will be substantially completed in accordance with plans
and specifications and conforms with applicable Federal, State, and local codes,
and costs have not exceeded the amount approved by the lender and the Agency.

(vi) The borrower has marketable title to the collateral then owned by the
borrower, subject to the instrument securing the loan to be guaranteed and to
any other exceptions approved in writing by the Agency.

(vii) The loan has been properly closed, and the required security instruments
have been properly executed, or will be obtained on any acquired property that
cannot be covered initially under State law.

(viii) Lien priorities are consistent with the requirements of the Conditional
Commitment. No claims or liens of laborers, subcontractors, suppliers of
machinery and equipment, materialmen, or other parties have been filed against
the collateral and no suits are pending or threatened that would adversely
affect the collateral when the security instruments are filed.

(ix) When required, personal or corporate guarantees have been obtained in
accordance with § 4279.132.

(x) The loan proceeds have been or will be disbursed for purposes and in amounts
consistent with the Conditional Commitment and the application submitted to the
Agency. When applicable, the entire amount of the loan for working capital has
been disbursed to the borrower, except in cases where the Agency has approved
disbursement over an extended period of time and funds are escrowed so that the
settlement statement reflects the full amount to be disbursed.

(xi) All truth-in-lending and equal credit opportunity requirements have been
met.

(xii) There has been neither any material adverse change in the borrower's
financial condition nor any other material adverse change in the borrower, for
any reason, during the period of time from the Agency's issuance of the
Conditional Commitment to issuance of the Loan Note Guarantee regardless of the
cause or causes of the change and whether or not the change or causes of the
change were within the lender's or borrower's control. The lender must address
any assumptions or reservations in the requirement and must address all adverse
changes of the borrower, any parent, affiliate, or subsidiary of the borrower,
and guarantors.

(xiii) Neither the lender nor any of the lender's officers has an ownership
interest in the borrower or is an officer or director of the borrower, and
neither the borrower nor its officers, directors, stockholders, or other owners
have more than a 5 percent ownership interest in the lender.

(xiv) The loan agreement includes all measures identified in the Agency's
environmental impact analysis for this proposal with which the borrower must
comply for the purpose of avoiding or reducing adverse environmental impacts of
the project's construction or operation.

(xv) If required, hazard, flood, liability, workers compensation, and life
insurance are in effect.

(b) The Agency may, at its discretion, request copies of additional loan
documents for its file.

(c) When the Agency is satisfied that all conditions for the guarantee have been
met, the Agency will issue the Loan Note Guarantee and the following documents,
as appropriate.

(1) Assignment Guarantee Agreement. In the event the lender uses the single note
option and assigns the guaranteed portion of the loan to a holder, the lender,
holder, and the Agency will execute Form RD 4279-6, and

(2) Certificate of Incumbency. If requested by the lender, the Agency will
provide the lender with a certification on Form RD 4279-7, "Certificate of
Incumbency and Signature," of the signature and title of the Agency official who
signs the Loan Note Guarantee, Lender's Agreement, and Assignment Guarantee
Agreement.
§§ 4279.182-4279.186 [Reserved]
§ 4279.187 Refusal to execute Loan Note Guarantee.

If the Agency determines that it cannot execute the Loan Note Guarantee, the
Agency will promptly inform the lender of the reasons and give the lender a
reasonable period within which to satisfy the objections. If the lender
satisfies the objections within the time allowed, the Agency will issue the Loan
Note Guarantee. If the lender requests additional time in writing and within the
period allowed, the Agency may grant the request.
§§ 4279.188-4279.199 [Reserved]
§ 4279.200 OMB control number.

The information collection requirements contained in this regulation have been
approved by OMB and have been assigned OMB control number _____. Public
reporting burden for this collection of information is estimated to vary from 30
minutes to 24 hours per response, with an average of 3 hours per response,
including time for reviewing the collection of information. The burden may
increase beyond the estimates reported here, if RBS determines additional data
will need to be collected to facilitate evaluation, which can enhance the
operation and performance of the program.
PART 4287--SERVICING Back to Top

4.The authority citation for part 4287 is revised to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1932(a); 7 U.S.C. 1989.

5.Revise Subpart B to read as follows:
end regulatory text

Subpart B--Servicing Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans
    Sec.
    4287.101 Introduction.
    4287.102 Definitions and abbreviations.
    4287.103 Exception Authority.
    4287.104 [Reserved]
    4287.105 [Reserved]
    4287.106 Appeals.
    4287.107 Routine servicing.
    4287.108-4287.111 [Reserved]
    4287.112 Interest rate changes.
    4287.113 Release of collateral.
    4287.114-4287.122 [Reserved]
    4287.123 Subordination of lien position.
    4287.124 Alterations of loan instruments.
    4287.125-4287.132 [Reserved]
    4287.133 Sale of corporate stock.
    4287.134 Transfer and assumption.
    4287.135 Substitution of lender.
    4287.136 Lender failure.
    4287.137-4287.144 [Reserved]
    4287.145 Default by borrower.
    4287.146-4287.155 [Reserved]
    4287.156 Protective advances.
    4287.157 Liquidation.
    4287.158 Determination of loss and payment.
    4287.159-4287.168 [Reserved]
    4287.169 Future recovery.
    4287.170 Bankruptcy.
    4287.171-4287.179 [Reserved]
    4287.180 Termination of guarantee.
    4287.181-4287.199 [Reserved]
    4287.200 OMB control number.

Subpart B--Servicing Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans Back to Top
§ 4287.101 Introduction.

(a) This subpart supplements subparts A and B of part 4279 of this chapter by
providing additional requirements and instructions for servicing and liquidating
all B&I guaranteed loans and loans guaranteed under the Rural Energy for America
Program. This includes Drought and Disaster, Disaster Assistance for Rural
Business Enterprises, Business and Industry Disaster, and American Recovery and
Reinvestment Act guaranteed loans.

(b) The lender is responsible for servicing the entire loan and must remain
mortgagee and secured party of record notwithstanding the fact that another
party may hold a portion of the loan.

(c) Whether specifically stated or not, whenever Agency approval is required, it
must be in writing. Copies of all forms, regulations, and Instructions
referenced in this subpart may be obtained from any Agency office and from the
USDA Rural Development Web site at www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs. Whenever a form is
designated in this subpart, that designation includes predecessor and successor
forms, if applicable, as specified by the Agency.
§ 4287.102 Definitions and abbreviations.

The definitions and abbreviations contained in § 4279.2 of this chapter apply to
this subpart.
§ 4287.103 Exception authority.

Section 4279.15 of this chapter applies to this subpart.
§ 4287.104 [Reserved]
§ 4287.105 [Reserved]
§ 4287.106 Appeals.

Section 4279.16 of this chapter applies to this subpart.
§ 4287.107 Routine servicing.

The lender is responsible for servicing the entire loan and for taking all
servicing actions that a prudent lender would perform in servicing its own
portfolio of loans that are not guaranteed. The lender may contract for services
but is ultimately responsible for underwriting, loan origination, loan
servicing, and compliance with all Agency regulations. Form RD 4279-4, "Lender's
Agreement," is the contractual agreement between the lender and the Agency that
sets forth some of the lender's loan servicing responsibilities. These
responsibilities include, but are not limited to, periodic borrower visits, the
collection of payments, obtaining compliance with the covenants and provisions
in the loan agreement, obtaining and analyzing financial statements, ensuring
payment of taxes and insurance premiums, maintaining liens on collateral, and
keeping an inventory accounting of all collateral items and reconciling the
inventory of all collateral sold during loan servicing, including liquidation.

(a) Lender reports and annual renewal fee. The lender must report the
outstanding principal and interest balance and the current loan classification
on each guaranteed loan semiannually (at June 30 and December 31) using either
the USDA Lender Interactive Network Connection (LINC) system or Form RD 1980-41,
"Guaranteed Loan Status Report." The lender must transmit the annual renewal fee
to the Agency in accordance with § 4279.120(b) of this chapter calculated based
on the December 31 semiannual status report.

(b) Loan classification. The lender must provide the loan classification or
rating under its regulatory standards as of loan closing on Form RD 1980-19,
"Guaranteed Loan Closing Report." When the lender changes the loan
classification in the future, the lender must notify the Agency within 30 days,
in writing, of any change in the loan classification.

(c) Agency and lender conference. At the Agency's request, the lender must
consult with the Agency to ascertain how the guaranteed loan is being serviced
and that the conditions and covenants of the loan agreement are being enforced.

(d) Borrower financial reports. The lender must obtain, analyze, and forward to
the Agency the borrower's and any guarantor's annual financial statements
required by the loan agreement within 120 days of the end of the borrower's
fiscal year. The lender must analyze these financial statements and provide the
Agency with a written summary of the lender's analysis, ratio analysis, and
conclusions, which, at a minimum, must include trends, strengths, weaknesses,
extraordinary transactions, violations of loan covenants and covenant waivers
proposed by the lender, any routine servicing actions performed, and other
indications of the financial condition of the borrower. Spreadsheets of the
financial statements must also be included. Following the Agency's review of the
lender's financial analysis, the Agency will provide a written report of any
concerns to the lender. Any concerns based upon the Agency's review must be
addressed by the lender. If the lender makes a reasonable attempt to obtain
financial statements but is unable to obtain the borrower's cooperation, the
failure to obtain financial statements will not impair the validity of the Loan
Note Guarantee.

(e) Protection of Agency interests. If the Agency determines that the lender is
not in compliance with its servicing responsibilities, the Agency reserves the
right to take any action the Agency determines necessary to protect the Agency's
interests with respect to the loan. If the Agency exercises this right, the
lender must cooperate with the Agency to rectify the situation. In determining
any loss, the Agency will assess against the lender any cost to the Agency
associated with such action.
§§ 4287.108-4287.111 [Reserved]
§ 4287.112 Interest rate changes.

(a) The borrower, lender, and holder (if any) may collectively initiate a
permanent or temporary reduction in the interest rate of the guaranteed loan at
any time during the life of the loan upon written agreement among these parties.
The lender must obtain prior Agency concurrence and must provide a copy of the
modification agreement to the Agency. If any of the guaranteed portion has been
purchased by the Agency, the Agency (as a holder) will affirm or reject interest
rate change proposals in writing.

(b) No increases in interest rates will be permitted, except the normal
fluctuations in approved variable interest rates, unless a temporary interest
rate reduction occurred.

(c) The interest rate, after adjustments, must comply with the interest rate
requirements set forth in § 4279.125 of this chapter.

(d) The lender is responsible for the legal documentation of interest-rate
changes by an endorsement or any other legally effective amendment to the
promissory note; however, no new notes shall be issued. The lender must provide
copies of all legal documents to the Agency.
§ 4287.113 Release of collateral.

(a) Within the parameters of paragraph (c) of this section, lenders may, over
the life of the loan, release collateral (other than personal and corporate
guarantees) with a cumulative value of up to 20 percent of the original loan
amount without Agency concurrence if the proceeds generated are used to reduce
the guaranteed loan or to buy replacement collateral. Working assets, such as
accounts receivable, inventory, and work-in-progress that are routinely depleted
or sold and proceeds used for the normal course of business operations may be
used in and released for routine business purposes without prior concurrence of
the Agency as long as the loan has not been accelerated.

(b) If a release of collateral does not meet the requirements of paragraph (a)
of this section, the lender must complete a written evaluation to justify the
release and must obtain written Agency concurrence in advance of the release.

(c) Collateral must remain sufficient to provide for adequate collateral
coverage. The lender must support all releases of collateral with a value
exceeding $250,000 with a current appraisal on the collateral being released.
The appraisal must meet the requirements of § 4279.144 of this chapter. The cost
of this appraisal will not be paid for by the Agency. The Agency may, at its
discretion, require an appraisal of the remaining collateral in cases where it
has been determined that the Agency may be adversely affected by the release of
collateral. The sale or release of the collateral must be based on an arm's
length transaction, and there must be adequate consideration for the release of
collateral. Such consideration may include, but is not limited to:

(1) Application of the net proceeds from the sale of collateral to the
borrower's debts in order of their lien priority against the sold collateral;

(2) Use of the net proceeds from the sale of collateral to purchase other
collateral of equal or greater value for which the lender will obtain as
security for the benefit of the guaranteed loan with a lien position equal or
superior to the position previously held;

(3) Application of the net proceeds from the sale of collateral to the
borrower's business operation in such a manner that a significant improvement to
the borrower's debt service ability will be clearly demonstrated. The lender's
written request must detail how the borrower's debt service ability will be
improved; or

(4) Assurance that the release of collateral is essential for the success of the
business, thereby furthering the goals of the program. Such assurance must be
supported by written documentation from the lender acceptable to the Agency.
§§ 4287.114-4287.122 [Reserved]
§ 4287.123 Subordination of lien position.

A subordination of the lender's lien position must be requested in writing by
the lender and concurred with in writing by the Agency in advance of the
subordination. The lender's subordination proposal must include a financial
analysis of the servicing action and be fully supported by current financial
statements of the borrower and guarantors that are less than 90 days old.

(a) The subordination of lien position must enhance the borrower's business and
be in the best financial interest of the Agency.

(b) The lien to which the guaranteed loan is subordinated is for a fixed dollar
limit and for a fixed term after which the guaranteed loan lien priority will be
restored.

(c) Collateral must remain sufficient to provide for adequate collateral
coverage. The Agency may require a current independent appraisal in accordance
with § 4279.144 of this chapter.

(d) Lien priorities must remain for the portion of the loan that was not
subordinated.

(e) A subordination to a line of credit cannot exceed 1 year. The term of the
line of credit cannot be extended.
§ 4287.124 Alterations of loan instruments.

The lender must neither alter nor approve any alterations or modifications of
any loan instrument without the prior written approval of the Agency.
§§ 4287.125-4287.132 [Reserved]
§ 4287.133 Sale of corporate stock.

Any sale or transfer of corporate stock must be approved by the Agency in
writing and must be to an eligible individual or entity in accordance with §§
4279.108(a) and 4279.108(b) of this chapter. In the event a portion of the
borrower's stock is sold or transferred, the Agency may require personal or
corporate guarantees from those then owning a 20 percent or more interest in the
borrower in accordance with § 4279.132 of this chapter.
§ 4287.134 Transfer and assumption.

The lender may request a transfer and assumption of a guaranteed loan in
situations where the total indebtedness, or less than the total indebtedness, is
transferred to another eligible borrower on the same or different terms. A
transfer and assumption of the borrower's operation can be accomplished before
or after the loan goes into liquidation. However, if the collateral has been
purchased through foreclosure or the borrower has conveyed title to the lender,
no transfer and assumption is permitted. Additionally, no transfer and
assumption is permitted when the Agency has repurchased 100 percent of the
guaranteed portion of the loan.

(a) Documentation of request. All transfers and assumptions must be approved in
writing by the Agency and must be to an eligible borrower. The lender must
provide credit reports for each individual or entity owning 20 percent or more
interest in the transferee, along with such other documentation as the Agency
may request to determine eligibility. In accordance with § 4279.132 of this
chapter, the Agency will require personal and/or corporate guarantee(s) from all
owners that have a 20 percent or more interest in the transferee. When warranted
by an Agency assessment of potential financial risk, the Agency may also require
guarantees of parent, subsidiaries, or affiliated companies (owning less than a
20 percent interest in the borrower) and may require security for any guarantee.
The new borrower must sign Form RD 4279-1, "Application for a Loan Guarantee,"
and any guarantors of the guaranteed loan must sign Form RD 4279-14,
"Unconditional Guarantee."

(b) Terms. Loan terms may be changed with the concurrence of the Agency, all
holders, and the transferor (including guarantors) if the transferor has not
been or will not be released from liability. Any new loan terms must be within
the terms authorized by § 4279.126 of this chapter.

(c) Release of liability. The transferor, including any guarantor, may be
released from liability only with prior Agency written concurrence and only when
the value of the collateral being transferred is at least equal to the amount of
the loan being assumed and is supported by a current appraisal and a current
financial statement of the transferee. The Agency will not pay for the
appraisal. If the transfer is for less than the debt, for a release of
liability, the lender must demonstrate to the Agency that the transferor and
guarantors have no reasonable debt-paying ability considering their assets and
income in the foreseeable future.

(d) Proceeds. The lender must credit any proceeds received from the sale of
collateral before a transfer and assumption to the transferor's guaranteed loan
debt in order of lien priority before the transfer and assumption is closed.

(e) Additional loans. Loans to provide additional funds in connection with a
transfer and assumption must be considered a new loan application, which
requires submission of a complete Agency application in accordance with §
4279.161(b) of this chapter.

(f) Credit quality. The lender will provide a credit analysis of the proposal
that addresses capacity (sufficient cash flow to service the debt), capital (net
worth), collateral (assets to secure the debt), conditions (of the borrower,
industry trends, and the overall economy), and character (integrity of the
transferee management) in accordance with § 4279.131 of this chapter.

(g) Appraisals. If the proposed transfer and assumption is for the full amount
of the Agency guaranteed loan, the Agency will not require an appraisal. If the
proposed transfer and assumption is for less than the full amount of the Agency
guaranteed loan, the Agency will require an appraisal on all of the collateral
being transferred, and the amount of the assumption must not be less than this
appraised value. The lender is responsible for obtaining this appraisal, which
must conform to the requirements of § 4279.144 of this chapter. The Agency will
not pay the appraisal fee or any other costs associated with this transfer.

(h) Documents. Prior to Agency approval, the lender must provide the Agency a
written legal opinion that the transaction can be properly and legally
transferred and assurance that the conveyance instruments will be appropriately
filed, registered, and recorded.

(1) The lender must not issue any new promissory notes. The assumption must be
completed in accordance with applicable law and must contain the Agency case
number of the transferor and transferee. The lender must provide the Agency with
a copy of the transfer and assumption agreement. The lender must ensure that all
transfers and assumptions are noted on all original Loan Note Guarantees.

(2) A new loan agreement, consistent in principle with the original loan
agreement, must be executed to establish the terms and conditions of the loan
being assumed. An assumption agreement can be used to establish the loan
covenants.

(3) Upon execution of the transfer and assumption, the lender must provide the
Agency with a written legal opinion that the transfer and assumption is
completed, valid, enforceable, and certification that the transfer and
assumption is consistent with the conditions outlined in the Agency's conditions
of approval for the transfer and complies with all Agency regulations.

(i) Loss/repurchase resulting from transfer. (1) Any resulting loss must be
processed in accordance with § 4287.158.

(2) If a holder owns any of the guaranteed portion, such portion must be
repurchased by the lender or the Agency in accordance with § 4279.78 of this
chapter.

(j) Related party. If the transferor and transferee are affiliated or related
parties, any transfer and assumption must be for the full amount of the debt.

(k) Cash downpayment. The lender may allow the transferee to make cash
downpayments directly to the transferor provided:

(1) The transfer and assumption is made for the total indebtedness;

(2) The lender recommends that the cash be released, and the Agency concurs
prior to the transaction being completed. The lender may require that an amount
be retained for a defined period of time as a reserve against future defaults.
Interest on such account may be paid periodically to the transferor or
transferee as agreed;

(3) The lender determines that the transferee has the repayment ability to meet
the obligations of the assumed guaranteed loan as well as any other
indebtedness; and

(4) Any payments by the transferee to the transferor will not suspend the
transferee's obligations to continue to meet the guaranteed loan payments as
they come due under the terms of the assumption.

(l) Transfer/annual renewal fees.

(1) The Agency will charge a nonrefundable transfer fee at the time of transfer,
which may be passed on to the borrower by the lender. The transfer fee rate will
be equal to the rate of the guarantee fee authorized in § 4279.120 of this
chapter for the fiscal year in which the transfer occurs. The amount of the
transfer fee is determined by multiplying the principal balance at the time of
the transfer by the transfer fee rate by the percentage of guarantee on the
original loan.

(2) The lender must pay any annual renewal fee published in the Federal Register
and then in effect at the time the loan is closed for the duration of the Loan
Note Guarantee. Annual renewal fees are due for the entire year even if the Loan
Note Guarantee is terminated before the end of the year.
§ 4287.135 Substitution of lender.

After the issuance of a Loan Note Guarantee, the lender is prohibited from
selling or transferring the entire loan without the prior written approval of
the Agency. Because the Loan Note Guarantee is associated with a specific
promissory note and cannot be transferred to a new promissory note, the lender
must transfer the original promissory note to the new lender, who must agree to
its current loan terms, including the interest rate, secondary market holder (if
any), collateral, loan agreement terms, and guarantors. The new lender must also
obtain the original Loan Note Guarantee, original personal and corporate
guarantee(s), and the loan payment history from the transferor lender. If the
new lender wishes to modify the loan terms after acquisition, the new lender
must submit a request to the Agency.

(a) The Agency may approve the substitution of a new lender if:

(1) The proposed substitute lender:

(i) Is an eligible lender in accordance with § 4279.29 of this chapter and is
approved as such;

(ii) Is able to service the loan in accordance with the original loan documents;
and

(iii) Agrees in writing to acquire title to the unguaranteed portion of the loan
held by the original lender and assumes all original loan requirements,
including liabilities and servicing responsibilities; and

(2) The substitution of the lender is requested in writing by the borrower, the
proposed substitute lender, and the original lender of record, if still in
existence.

(b) The Agency will not pay any loss or share in any costs (e.g., appraisal fees
and environmental assessments) with a new lender unless a relationship is
established through a substitution of lender in accordance with paragraph (a) of
this section. This includes situations where a lender is acquired by another
lender and situations where the lender has failed and been taken over by a
regulatory agency such as the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) and
the loan is subsequently sold to another lender.

(c) Where the lender has failed and been taken over by the FDIC and the loan is
liquidated by the FDIC rather than being sold to another lender, the Agency will
pay losses and share in costs as if the FDIC were an approved substitute lender.

(d) In cases where there is a substitution of lender or a lender has been merged
with or acquired by another lender, the Agency and the new lender must execute a
new Form RD 4279-4, "Lender's Agreement," unless a valid Lender's Agreement
already exists with the new lender.
§ 4287.136 Lender failure.

(a) Uninsured lender. The lender or insuring agency cannot arbitrarily change
the Lender's Agreement and related documents on the guaranteed loan, and the
Agency will make the successor to the failed institution aware of the statutory
and regulatory requirements. If the acquiring institution is not an eligible
lender as set forth in § 4279.29 of this chapter, the Loan Note Guarantee will
not be enforceable, and the institution must promptly apply to become an
eligible lender. The failure of the uninsured lender to become an eligible
lender will result in the Loan Note Guarantee being unenforceable. A new lender
approved by the Agency will be afforded the benefits of the Loan Note Guarantee
in sharing of any loss and eligible expenses subject to the limits that are set
forth in the regulations governing the program.

(b) Insured lender. The FDIC and the Agency have entered into an Inter Agency
Agreement and all parties are to abide by this Agreement or successor
document(s). This document sets forth the duties and responsibilities of each
Agency when an institution fails. The lender must take such action that a
prudent lender would take if it did not have a Loan Note Guarantee to protect
the lender and Agency's mutual interest.
§§ 4287.137-4287.144 [Reserved]
§ 4287.145 Default by borrower.

The lender's primary responsibilities in default are to act prudently and
expeditiously, to work with the borrower to bring the account current or cure
the default through restructuring if a realistic plan can be developed, or to
accelerate the account and conduct a liquidation in a manner that will minimize
any potential loss. The lender may initiate liquidation subject to submission
and approval of a complete liquidation plan.

(a) The lender must notify the Agency when a borrower is more than 30 days past
due on a payment and the delinquency cannot be cured within 30 days or when a
borrower is otherwise in default of covenants in the loan agreement by promptly
submitting Form RD 1980-44, "Guaranteed Loan Borrower Default Status," or
processing the Default Status report in LINC. The lender must update the loan's
status each month using either Form RD 1980-44 or the LINC Default Status report
until such time as the loan is no longer in default. If a monetary default
exceeds 60 days, the lender must meet with the Agency and, if practical, the
borrower to discuss the situation.

(b) In considering options, the prospects for providing a permanent cure without
adversely affecting the risk to the Agency and the lender is the paramount
objective.

(1) Curative actions (subject to the rights of any holder) include, but are not
limited to:

(i) Deferment of principal and/or interest payments;

(ii) An additional unguaranteed temporary loan by the lender to bring the
account current;

(iii) Reamortization of or rescheduling the payments on the loan;

(iv) Transfer and assumption of the loan in accordance with § 4287.134 of this
subpart;

(v) Reorganization;

(vi) Liquidation; and

(vii) Changes in interest rates with the Agency's, the lender's, and any
holder's approval. Any interest rate changes must be adjusted proportionately
between the guaranteed and unguaranteed portion of the loan.

(2) The term of any deferment, rescheduling, reamortization, or moratorium will
be limited to the lesser of the remaining useful life of the collateral or
remaining limits as set forth in § 4279.126 of this chapter (excluding paragraph
(c)). Balloon payments are permitted as a loan servicing option as long as there
is a reasonable prospect for success and the remaining life of the collateral
supports the action.

(3) In the event of a loss or a repurchase, the lender cannot claim default or
penalty interest, late payment fees, or interest on interest. If the
restructuring includes the capitalization of interest, interest accrued on the
capitalized interest will not be covered by the guarantee. Consequently, it is
not eligible for repurchase from the holder and cannot be included in the loss
claim.

(c) Debt write-downs for an existing borrower, where the same principals retain
control of and decisionmaking authority for the business, are prohibited, except
as directed or ordered by the Bankruptcy Court.

(d) For loans closed on or after [DATE OF FINAL RULE PUBLICATION], in the event
of a loss, the guarantee will not cover note interest to the lender accruing
after 90 days from the most recent delinquency effective date.

(e) For loans closed on or after [DATE OF FINAL RULE PUBLICATION], the guarantee
will not cover note interest to any holder accruing after 90 days from the date
of the first demand letter from a holder to the lender requesting the repurchase
of the loan guarantee.

(f) For repurchases of guaranteed loans, refer to § 4279.78 of this chapter.
§§ 4286.146-4287.155 [Reserved]
§ 4287.156 Protective advances.

Protective advances are advances made by the lender for the purpose of
preserving and protecting the collateral where the debtor has failed to, will
not, or cannot meet its obligations. Lenders must exercise sound judgment in
determining that the protective advance preserves collateral and recovery is
actually enhanced by making the advance. Lenders cannot make protective advances
in lieu of additional loans. A protective advance claim will be paid only at the
time of the final report of loss payment.

(a) The maximum loss to be paid by the Agency will never exceed the original
loan amount plus accrued interest times the percentage of guarantee regardless
of any protective advances made.

(b) In the event of a final loss, protective advances will accrue interest at
the note rate and will be guaranteed at the same percentage of guarantee as
provided for in the Loan Note Guarantee. The guarantee will not cover interest
on the protective advance accruing after 90 days from the most recent
delinquency effective date.

(c) Protective advances must constitute an indebtedness of the borrower to the
lender and be secured by the security instruments. Agency written authorization
is required when the cumulative total of protective advances exceeds $200,000 or
10 percent of the aggregate outstanding balance of principal and interest,
whichever is less.
§ 4287.157 Liquidation.

In the event of one or more incidents of default or third party actions that the
borrower cannot or will not cure or eliminate within a reasonable period of
time, the lender, with Agency consent, must liquidate the loan. In accordance
with § 4287.145(d), for loans closed on or after [DATE OF FINAL RULE
PUBLICATION], in the event of a loss, the guarantee will not cover note interest
to the lender accruing after 90 days from the most recent delinquency effective
date.

(a) Decision to liquidate. A decision to liquidate must be made when the lender
determines that the default cannot be cured through actions such as those
contained in § 4287.145, or it has been determined that it is in the best
interest of the Agency and the lender to liquidate. The decision to liquidate or
continue with the borrower must be made as soon as possible when one or more of
the following exist:

(1) A loan is 90 days behind on any scheduled payment and the lender and the
borrower have not been able to cure the delinquency through actions such as
those contained in § 4287.145.

(2) It is determined that delaying liquidation will jeopardize full recovery on
the loan.

(3) The borrower or lender is uncooperative in resolving the problem or the
Agency or lender has reason to believe the borrower is not acting in good faith,
and it would improve the position of the guarantee to liquidate immediately.

(b) Repurchase of loan. When the decision to liquidate is made, if any portion
of the loan has been sold or assigned under § 4279.75 of this chapter and not
already repurchased, provisions will be made for repurchase in accordance with §
4279.78 of this chapter.

(c) Lender's liquidation plan. The lender is responsible for initiating actions
immediately and as necessary to assure a prompt, orderly liquidation that will
provide maximum recovery. Within 30 days after a decision to liquidate, the
lender must submit a written, proposed plan of liquidation to the Agency for
approval. The liquidation plan must be detailed and include at least the
following:

(1) Such proof as the Agency requires to establish the lender's ownership of the
guaranteed loan promissory note and related security instruments and a copy of
the payment ledger, if available, that reflects the current loan balance,
accrued interest to date, and the method of computing the interest;

(2) A full and complete list of all collateral, including any personal and
corporate guarantees;

(3) The recommended liquidation methods for making the maximum collection
possible on the indebtedness and the justification for such methods, including
recommended action for acquiring and disposing of all collateral and collecting
from guarantors;

(4) Necessary steps for preservation of the collateral;

(5) Copies of the borrower's most recently available financial statements;

(6) Copies of each guarantor's most recently available financial statements;

(7) An itemized list of estimated liquidation expenses expected to be incurred
along with justification for each expense;

(8) A schedule to periodically report to the Agency on the progress of
liquidation;

(9) Estimated protective advance amounts with justification;

(10) Proposed protective bid amounts on collateral to be sold at auction and a
breakdown to show how the amounts were determined. A protective bid may be made
by the lender, with prior Agency written approval, at a foreclosure sale to
protect the lender's and the Agency's interest. The protective bid will not
exceed the amount of the loan, including expenses of foreclosure, and must be
based on the liquidation value considering estimated expenses for holding and
reselling the property. These expenses include, but are not limited to, expenses
for resale, interest accrual, length of time necessary for resale, maintenance,
guard service, weatherization, and prior liens;

(11) If a voluntary conveyance is considered, the proposed amount to be credited
to the guaranteed debt;

(12) Legal opinions, if needed by the lender's legal counsel; and

(13) An estimate of fair market and potential liquidation value of the
collateral. If the value of the collateral is $250,000 or more, the lender must
obtain an independent appraisal report meeting the requirements of § 4279.144 of
this chapter for the collateral securing the loan, which reflects the fair
market value and potential liquidation value. The liquidation appraisal of the
collateral must evaluate the impact on market value of any release of hazardous
substances, petroleum products, or other environmental hazards. The independent
appraiser's fee, including the cost of the environmental site assessment, will
be shared equally by the Agency and the lender. In order to assure prompt
action, the liquidation plan can be submitted with an estimate of collateral
value, and the liquidation plan may be approved by the Agency subject to the
results of the final liquidation appraisal.

(d) Approval of liquidation plan. The lender's liquidation plan must be approved
by the Agency in writing. The lender and Agency must attempt to resolve any
Agency concerns. If the liquidation plan is approved by the Agency, the lender
must proceed expeditiously with liquidation and must take all legal action
necessary to liquidate the loan in accordance with the approved liquidation
plan. The lender must update or modify the liquidation plan when conditions
warrant, including a change in value based on a liquidation appraisal. If the
liquidation plan is not approved by the Agency, the lender must take such
actions that a prudent lender would take without a guarantee and keep the Agency
informed in writing. The lender must continue to develop a liquidation plan in
accordance with this section.

(e) Acceleration. The lender will proceed to accelerate the indebtedness as
expeditiously as possible when acceleration is necessary, including giving any
notices and taking any other legal actions required. The guaranteed loan will be
considered in liquidation once the loan has been accelerated and a demand for
payment has been made upon the borrower. The lender must obtain from the Agency
concurrence prior to the acceleration of the loan if the sole basis for
acceleration is a nonmonetary default. In the case of monetary default, prior
approval by the Agency of the lender's acceleration is not required, although
Agency concurrence must still be given not later than at the time the
liquidation plan is approved. The lender will provide a copy of the acceleration
notice or other acceleration document to the Agency.

(f) Filing an estimated loss claim. When the lender owns any of the guaranteed
portion of the loan, the lender must file an estimated loss claim once a
decision has been made to liquidate if the liquidation is expected to exceed 90
days. The estimated loss payment will be based on the liquidation value of the
collateral. For the purpose of reporting and loss claim computation, for loans
closed on or after [FINAL RULE PUBLICATION DATE], the guarantee will not cover
note interest to the lender accruing after 90 days from the most recent
delinquency effective date. The Agency will promptly process the loss claim in
accordance with applicable Agency regulations as set forth in § 4287.158.

(g) Accounting and reports. The lender must account for funds during the period
of liquidation and must, in accordance with the Agency-approved liquidation
plan, provide the Agency with reports on the progress of liquidation including
disposition of collateral, resulting costs, and additional procedures necessary
for successful completion of the liquidation.

(h) Transmitting payments and proceeds to the Agency. When the Agency is the
holder of a portion of the guaranteed loan, the lender must transmit to the
Agency its pro rata share of any payments received from the borrower,
liquidation, or other proceeds using Form RD 1980-43, "Lender's Guaranteed Loan
Payment to Rural Development."

(i) Abandonment of collateral. When the lender adequately documents that the
cost of liquidation would exceed the potential recovery value of certain
collateral and receives Agency concurrence, the lender may abandon that
collateral. When the lender makes a recommendation for abandonment of
collateral, it must comply with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G.

(j) Personal or corporate guarantees. The lender must take action to maximize
recovery from all personal and corporate guarantees, including seeking
deficiency judgments when there is a reasonable chance of future collection.

(k) Compromise settlement. Compromise settlements must be approved by the lender
and the Agency. Complete current financial information on all parties obligated
for the loan must be provided. At a minimum, the compromise settlement must be
equivalent to the value and timeliness of that which would be received from
attempting to collect on the guarantee. The guarantor cannot be released from
liability until the full amount of the compromise settlement has been received.
In weighing whether the compromise settlement should be accepted, among other
things, the Agency will weigh whether the comparison is more financially
advantageous than collecting on the guarantee.

(l) Litigation. In all litigation proceedings involving the borrower, the lender
is responsible for protecting the rights of the lender and the Agency with
respect to the loan and keeping the Agency adequately and regularly informed, in
writing, of all aspects of the proceedings. If the Agency determines that the
lender is not adequately protecting the rights of the lender or the Agency with
respect to the loan, the Agency reserves the right to take any legal action the
Agency determines necessary to protect the rights of the lender, on behalf of
the lender, or the Agency with respect to the loan. If the Agency exercises this
right, the lender must cooperate with the Agency. Any cost to the Agency
associated with such action will be assessed against the lender.
§ 4287.158 Determination of loss and payment.

Unless the Agency anticipates a future recovery, the Agency will make a final
settlement with the lender after the collateral is liquidated or after
settlement and compromise of all parties has been completed. The Agency has the
right to recover losses paid under the guarantee from any party that may be
liable.

(a) Report of loss form. Form RD 449-30, "Loan Note Guarantee Report of Loss,"
will be used for reporting and calculating all estimated and final loss
determinations.

(b) Estimated loss. In accordance with the requirements of § 4287.157(f), the
lender must prepare an estimated loss claim, based on liquidation appraisal
value, and submit it to the Agency.

(1) Interest accrual eligible for payment under the guarantee on the defaulted
loan will be discontinued when the estimated loss is paid.

(2) A protective advance claim will be paid only at the time of the final report
of loss payment.

(3) The estimated loss payment is a payment to the lender and is not to be
applied as a payment on the loan for purposes of reducing the unpaid balance
owed by the borrower or for status reporting (semi-annual status/default status
reports).

(c) Final loss. Within 30 days after liquidation of all collateral is completed
(except for certain unsecured personal or corporate guarantees as provided for
in this section), the lender must prepare a final report of loss and submit it
to the Agency. The Agency will not guarantee interest beyond 90 days from the
date any holder makes demand, or, if the lender holds all or a portion of the
guaranteed loan, no more than 90 days from the most recent delinquency effective
date as reported by the lender. Before approval by the Agency of any final loss
report, the lender must account for all funds during the period of liquidation,
disposition of the collateral, all costs incurred, and any other information
necessary for the successful completion of liquidation. Upon receipt of the
final accounting and report of loss, the Agency may audit all applicable
documentation to determine the final loss. The lender must make its records
available and otherwise assist the Agency in making any investigation. The
documentation accompanying the report of loss must support the amounts reported
as losses on Form RD 449-30.

(1) The lender must make a determination regarding the collectability of
unsecured personal and corporate guarantees. If reasonably possible, the lender
must promptly collect or otherwise dispose of such guarantees in accordance with
§ 4287.157(j) prior to completion of the final loss report. However, in the
event that collection from the guarantors appears unlikely or will require a
prolonged period of time, the lender must file the report of loss when all other
collateral has been liquidated. Unsecured personal or corporate guarantees
outstanding at the time of the submission of the final loss claim will be
treated as a future recovery with the net proceeds to be shared on a pro rata
basis by the lender and the Agency. Debts owed to the Agency (Federal debt) may
be collected using DCIA authority. The Agency may consider a compromise
settlement of Federal debt after it has processed a final report of loss and
issued a 60 day due process letter. Any funds collected on Federal debt will not
be shared with the lender.

(2) The lender must document that all of the collateral has been accounted for
and properly liquidated and liquidation proceeds have been accounted for and
applied correctly to the loan.

(3) The lender must provide receipts and a breakdown of any protective advance
amount as to the payee, purpose of the expenditure, date paid, and evidence that
the amount expended was proper.

(4) The lender must provide receipts and a breakdown of liquidation expenses as
to the payee, purpose of the expenditure, date paid, and evidence that the
amount expended was proper. Liquidation expenses are recoverable only from
liquidation proceeds. The Agency may approve attorney/legal fees as liquidation
expenses provided that the fees are reasonable, require the assistance of
attorneys, and cover legal issues pertaining to the liquidation that could not
be properly handled by the lender and its employees.

(5) The lender must support accrued interest by documenting how the amount was
accrued. If the interest rate was a variable rate, the lender must include
documentation of changes in both the selected base rate and the loan rate.

(6) The Agency will pay loss payments within 60 days after it has reviewed the
complete final loss report and accounting of the collateral.

(d) Loss limit. The amount payable by the Agency to the lender cannot exceed the
limits set forth in the Loan Note Guarantee.

(e) Liquidation expenses. The Agency will deduct liquidation expenses from the
liquidation proceeds of the collateral. The lender cannot claim any liquidation
expenses in excess of liquidation proceeds. Any changes to the liquidation
expenses that exceed 10 percent of the amount proposed in the liquidation plan
must be approved by the Agency. Reasonable attorney/legal expenses will be
shared by the lender and Agency equally, including those instances where the
lender has incurred such expenses from a trustee conducting the liquidation of
assets. The lender cannot claim the guarantee fee or the annual renewal fee as
authorized liquidation expenses, and no in-house expenses of the lender will be
allowed. In-house expenses include, but are not limited to, employee's salaries,
staff lawyers, travel, and overhead.

(f) Rent. The lender must apply any net rental or other income that it receives
from the collateral to the guaranteed loan debt.

(g) Payment. Once the Agency approves the Form RD 449-30 and supporting
documents submitted by the lender:

(1) If the loss is greater than any estimated loss payment, the Agency will pay
the additional amount owed by the Agency to the lender.

(2) If the loss is less than the estimated loss payment, the lender must
reimburse the Agency for the overpayment plus interest at the note rate from the
date of payment.
§§ 4287.159-4287.168 [Reserved]
§ 4287.169 Future recovery.

Unless notified otherwise by the Agency, after the final loss claim has been
paid, the lender must use reasonable efforts to attempt collection from any
party still liable on any loan that was guaranteed. Any net proceeds from that
effort must be split pro rata between the lender and the Agency based on the
original amount of the loan guarantee. Any collection of Federal debt made by
the U.S. from any liable party to the guaranteed loan will not be split with the
lender.
§ 4287.170 Bankruptcy.

(a) Lender's responsibilities. It is the lender's responsibility to protect the
guaranteed loan and all of the collateral securing it in bankruptcy proceedings.
These responsibilities include, but are not limited to the following:

(1) Monitoring confirmed bankruptcy plans to determine borrower compliance, and,
if the borrower fails to comply, seeking a dismissal of the bankruptcy plan;

(2) Filing a proof of claim, where necessary, and all the necessary papers and
pleadings concerning the case;

(3) Attending and, where necessary, participating in meetings of the creditors
and all court proceedings;

(4) Requesting modifications of any bankruptcy plan whenever it appears that
additional recoveries are likely; and

(5) Keeping the Agency adequately and regularly informed in writing of all
aspects of the proceedings.

(6) The lender must submit a default status report when the borrower defaults
and every 30 days until the default is resolved or a final loss claim is paid by
the Agency. The default status report will be used to inform the Agency of the
bankruptcy filing, the plan confirmation date, when the plan is complete, and
when the borrower is not in compliance with the plan.

(7) With written Agency consent, the lender and Agency will equally share the
cost of any independent appraisal fee to protect the guaranteed loan in any
bankruptcy proceedings.

(b) Reports of loss during bankruptcy. In bankruptcy proceedings, payment of
loss claims will be made as provided in this section. Attorney/legal fees and
protective advances as a result of a bankruptcy are only recoverable from
liquidation proceeds and not the guarantee on the loan.

(1) Estimated loss payments. (i) If a borrower has filed for bankruptcy and all
or a portion of the debt has been discharged, the lender must request an
estimated loss payment of the guaranteed portion of the accrued interest and
principal discharged by the court. Only one estimated loss payment is allowed
during the bankruptcy. All subsequent claims of the lender during bankruptcy
will be considered revisions to the initial estimated loss. A revised estimated
loss payment may be processed by the Agency, at its option, in accordance with
any court-approved changes in the bankruptcy plan. Once the bankruptcy plan has
been completed, the lender is responsible for submitting the documentation
necessary for the Agency to review and adjust the estimated loss claim to
reflect any actual discharge of principal and interest and to reimburse the
lender for any court-ordered interest-rate reduction under the terms of the
bankruptcy plan.

(ii) The lender must use Form RD 449-30 to request an estimated loss payment and
to revise any estimated loss payments during the course of the bankruptcy plan.
The estimated loss claim, as well as any revisions to this claim, must be
accompanied by documentation to support the claim.

(iii) Upon completion of a bankruptcy plan, the lender must complete a Form RD
1980-44 and forward this form to the Agency.

(iv) Upon completion of the bankruptcy plan, the lender must provide the Agency
with the documentation necessary to determine whether the estimated loss paid
equals the actual loss sustained. If the actual loss sustained as a result of
the bankruptcy is less than the estimated loss, the lender must reimburse the
Agency for the overpayment plus interest at the note rate from the date of
payment of the estimated loss. If the actual loss is greater than the estimated
loss payment, the lender must submit a revised estimated loss claim in order to
obtain payment of the additional amount owed by the Agency to the lender.

(2) Bankruptcy loss payments. (i) The lender must request a bankruptcy loss
payment of the guaranteed portion of the accrued interest and principal
discharged by the court for all bankruptcies when all or a portion of the debt
has been discharged. Unless the Bankruptcy Court approves a subsequent change to
the bankruptcy plan that is adverse to the lender, only one bankruptcy loss
payment is allowed during the bankruptcy. Once the Bankruptcy Court has
discharged all or part of the guaranteed loan and any appeal period has run, the
lender must submit the documentation necessary for the Agency to review and
adjust the bankruptcy loss claim to reflect any actual discharge of principal
and interest.

(ii) The lender must use Form RD 449-30 to request a bankruptcy loss payment and
to revise any bankruptcy loss payments during the course of the bankruptcy. The
lender must include with the bankruptcy loss claim documentation to support the
claim, as well as any revisions to this claim.

(iii) Upon completion of a bankruptcy plan, restructure, or liquidation, the
lender must either complete a Form RD 1980-44 and forward this form to the
Agency or enter the data directly into LINC.

(iv) If an estimated loss claim is paid during a bankruptcy and the borrower
repays in full the remaining balance without an additional loss sustained by the
lender, a final report of loss is not necessary.

(3) Interest rate losses as a result of bankruptcy reorganization. (i) For
guaranteed loans approved prior to [DATE OF FINAL RULE PUBLICATION]:

(A) Interest losses sustained during the period of the bankruptcy plan will be
processed in accordance with paragraph (b)(1) of this section;

(B) Interest losses sustained after the bankruptcy plan is confirmed will be
processed annually when the lender sustains a loss as a result of a permanent
interest rate reduction that extends beyond the period of the bankruptcy plan;

(C) If a bankruptcy loss claim is paid during the operation of the bankruptcy
plan and the borrower repays in full the remaining balance without an additional
loss sustained by the lender, a final report of loss is not necessary.

(ii) For guaranteed loans approved on or after [DATE OF FINAL RULE PUBLICATION],
the Agency will not compensate the lender for any difference in the interest
rate specified in the Loan Note Guarantee and the rate of interest specified in
the bankruptcy plan.

(4) Final bankruptcy loss payments. The Agency will process final bankruptcy
loss payments when the loan is fully liquidated.

(5) Application of loss claim payments. The lender must apply estimated loss
payments first to the unsecured principal of the guaranteed portion of the debt
and then to the unsecured interest of the guaranteed portion of the debt. In the
event a bankruptcy court attempts to direct the payments to be applied in a
different manner, the lender must immediately notify the Agency in writing.

(6) Protective advances. If approved protective advances, as authorized by §
4287.156 were incurred in connection with the initiation of liquidation action
and were required to provide repairs, insurance, etc., to protect the collateral
as result of delays in the case of failure of the borrower to maintain the
security prior to the borrower having filed bankruptcy, the protective advances
together with accrued interest, are payable under the guarantee in the final
loss claim.

(c) Expenses during bankruptcy proceedings. (1) Under no circumstances will the
guarantee cover liquidation expenses in excess of liquidation proceeds.

(2) Expenses, such as reasonable attorney/legal fees and the cost of appraisals
incurred by the lender as a direct result of the borrower's bankruptcy filing,
are considered liquidation expenses and will be shared equally by the lender and
the Agency. Liquidation expenses must be deducted from collateral sale proceeds.
Liquidation expenses are covered under the guarantee, provided they are
reasonable, customary, and provide a demonstrated economic benefit to the lender
and the Agency. Lender's in-house expenses, which are those expenses that would
normally be incurred for administration of the loan, including in-house lawyers,
are not covered by the guarantee.

(3) When a bankruptcy proceeding results in a liquidation of the borrower by a
bankruptcy trustee, expenses will be handled as directed by the court, and the
lender cannot claim liquidation expenses for the sale of the assets.

(4) If the property is abandoned by the bankruptcy trustee, the lender will
conduct the liquidation in accordance with § 4287.157.

(5) Proceeds received from partial sale of collateral during bankruptcy may be
used by the lender to pay reasonable costs, such as freight, labor and sales
commissions, associated with the partial sale. Reasonable use of proceeds for
this purpose must be documented with the final loss claim.

(6) Reasonable and customary liquidation expenses in bankruptcy may be deducted
from liquidation proceeds of collateral.
§§ 4287.171-4287.179 [Reserved]
§ 4287.180 Termination of guarantee.

The Loan Note Guarantee will terminate under any of the following conditions:

(a) Upon full payment of the guaranteed loan;

(b) Upon full payment of any loss obligation; or

(c) Upon written notice from the lender to the Agency that the guarantee will
terminate 30 days after the date of notice, provided that the lender holds all
of the guaranteed portion and the Loan Note Guarantee is returned to the Agency
to be canceled.
§§ 4287.181-4287.199 [Reserved]
§ 4287.200 OMB control number.

The information collection requirements contained in this regulation have been
approved by OMB and have been assigned OMB control number ___. Public reporting
burden for this collection of information is estimated to vary from 30 minutes
to 25 hours per response, with an average of 2.5 hours per response, including
time for reviewing the collection of information. The burden may increase beyond
the estimate reported here, if RBS determines additional data will need to be
collected to facilitate evaluation, which can enhance the operation and
performance of the program.

Dated: August 28, 2014.

Doug O'Brien,

Acting Under Secretary, Rural Development.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              486 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            The Daily Star (Lebanon)

                            February 27, 2012 Monday

Local SMEs see steady growth: Kafalat CEO

BYLINE: Mohamad El Amin

LENGTH: 690 words


Lebanon's small and medium enterprises have been witnessing steady  growth in
profits despite a tougher economic climate.

BEIRUT: Lebanon's small and medium enterprises have been witnessing steady
growth in profits despite a tougher economic climate, the chairman of Kafalat
SAL said in an interview over the weekend.

"Kafalat-guaranteed loans have reached LL248,670 million ($165 million) in 2011,
benefiting some 1,415 SMEs across the country, and we expect the figures to rise
again with the introduction of new programs this year," Khater Abi Habib told
The Daily Star.

When asked whether the tougher economic situation in 2011 and the beginning of
2012 had impacted Kafalat, Abi Habib said it had only led to a modest slowdown
of growth in the number of requested loans.

"There was only a small drop in overall figures," he added. In 2010, Kafalat
loan guarantees reached $167 million, significantly up from $139.6 million in
2009.

Kafalat is a company that lends a hand to local SMEs, enabling them to access
finance from commercial banks at reduced interest rates. It provides loan
guarantees based on applicants' business plans and feasibility studies.

This allows startups and existing SMEs to access finance without the need to
match the loan with collaterals normally required by banks.

In addition to Kafalat Basic and Kafalat Plus loan-guarantee schemes, which aim
at helping SMEs in the industry, tourism, agriculture, crafts and technology
sectors, Abi Habib said his company has also been developing new programs.

"Kafalat Innovative" helps SMEs with ideas for inventive products to realize
their plans. It guarantees 90 percent of loans, therefore reducing business
risks to a mere 10 percent.

Abi Habib said Kafalat is extending support to SMEs willing to invest in
renewable energy through a brand new program funded by the EU.

"'Kafalat Energy' extends the duration of the loans to 10 and 15 years
respectively and extends the grace period by up to two years for investments in
renewable electricity," he explained.

Kafalat has been also keen to develop programs tailored for SMEs in the
agricultural sector, Abi Habib added.

He highlighted "Kafalat Tree," a program which extends the duration of loans
made to tree plantations by up to seven years.

According to Abi Habib, around half of Kafalat loans are granted to businesses
in Beirut and Mount Lebanon.

"It is logical for SMEs to be based where their manpower and clients are
concentrated, such as Mount Lebanon and Beirut. However, Beirut and Mount
Lebanon account only for half of the guarantees issued. It is about 50 percent,"
he explains.

When asked about ways to encourage entrepreneurship in rural areas, Abi Habib
said there is a need to establish and promote awareness among Lebanon's rural
population.

Awareness campaigns should highlight the importance of developing entrepreneur
skills in rural areas where business opportunities exist.

"This starts by educating the young generation that has not yet migrated to the
city and introducing them to available facilities," he said.

Banks should also branch out more into rural areas, where there operations are
still limited.

Another key issue, according to Habib, is the simplification and development of
the commercial code, which he said should be urgently addressed.

"This is particularly relevant to encourage startups in innovative
technology-based SMEs," he said.

However, Lebanon has a long way to go before it can boast a thriving tech
community as the country suffers one of the slowest Internet connections in the
world, despite signs that it might be improving, analysts say. Analysts say
investors are beginning to take an interest in startups and a handful of
technology entrepreneurs are opting to stay in Lebanon despite adverse
conditions.

Other than a well-drafted realistic business plan, an applicant to Kafalat does
not require much, Abu Habib said.

"The applicant should abide by legal requirements including permits from
municipalities and ministries, as well as official rental contracts. Kafalat
then takes into consideration the potential growth the loan will generate to the
applicant's business," he added.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 23


             Copyright 2012 The Daily Star - The Daily Star FZ LLC.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              487 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                           February 9, 2011 Wednesday

Bukidnon electricity cooperative receives P135.9-million funding

SECTION: Pg. S1/2

LENGTH: 654 words


AN ELECTRICITY COOPERATIVE in Bukidnon will receive P135.9 million in fresh
financing to improve power supply to some 86,000 households in its area, the
World Bank said in a press statement it issued yesterday.

Ayala-led Bank of the Philippine Islands (BPI), the LGU Guarantee Corp. (LGUGC)
and the Bukidnon Second Electric Cooperative, Inc. (BUSECO) yesterday signed a
P135.901-million financing agreement aimed at improving the power supply in that
rural area in northern Mindanao.

BUSECO's services cover the northern part of Bukidnon province consisting of the
city of Malaybalay as well as the nine municipalities of Baungon, Malitbog,
Libona, Manolo Fortich, Sumilao, Impasug-ong, Lantapan, Cabanglasan and Talakag.

The World Bank said that the P135.901 million will be used by BUSECO to build a
10-megavolt ampere substation in Kisolon town, a 25-kilometer 69-kilovolt
transmission line from Lunocan to Kisolon, as well as replace and calibrate
meters.

The statement said the amount involves a BPI loan to the cooperative.

"The BPI financial support to BUSECO is guaranteed by the Partial Credit
Guarantee program under the Electric Cooperative System Loss Reduction Project
(ECSLRP) financed by the Global Environment Facility (GEF) and administered by
the World Bank," the statement read.

The ECSLRP, which aims to provide reliable, affordable electricity services to
rural areas while reducing carbon dioxide emissions, is funded by a $12-million
grant from the GEF.

The grant from the GEF is being managed by the LGUGC, a private corporation that
extends guarantees to water districts, electricity cooperatives, developers of
renewable energy technologies, as well as state universities and colleges.

The Partial Credit Guarantee program, the World Bank said, covers up to 80% of
the total amount of financing extended by commercial lenders like BPI to
electricity cooperatives.

The World Bank said such credit assistance is necessary since rural electricity
cooperatives being perceived as "poor credit risks," hence, qualify for small
commercial loans at best.

"This financing arrangement involving the BPI, BUSECO and our firm, the LGUGC,
is an excellent model of how the private sector, electric cooperatives, and
development partners like the World Bank could effectively work together to
address a common development objective - providing electricity to rural homes
while reducing greenhouse gas emissions that harm the environment," Lydia N.
Orial, president and chief executive officer of LGUGC, was quoted as saying in
the statement.

For his part, Alfonso L. Salcedo, BPI executive vice-president and group head
for corporate banking, said that the agreement demonstrates public-private
partnership.

"A collective effort such as this could catalyze development not only in the
power sector but in other industries as well," he said.

Edgardo R. Masongsong, BUSECO's general manager and chief executive officer,
said in the statement that the improved capacity of the cooperative should
enable it to address the power needs not only of households but also of small-
and medium-scale enterprises in the areas covered.

In the same statement, World Bank Country Director Bert Hofman agreed, saying:
"We believe that this is the kind of partnership that can deliver benefits to
the households and businesses of the country through more reliable and
lower-cost energy."

He noted that financially strong electricity cooperatives are necessary if the
full benefits of Republic Act No. 9136, or the Electric Power Industry Reform
Act of 2001, were to be realized.

"Financially strong electricity cooperatives will be better able to keep rates
as low as possible and will have a stronger hand in securing long-term power
supply agreements with investors in power generation," Mr. Hofman said.

"We are keen to work with the authorities to further strengthen electricity
cooperatives and their role in power supply in the Philippines."

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2011 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              488 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Post-Star (Glens Falls, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 17, 2014 Thursday

Wastewater, and how to get money flowing, topics at roundtable

BYLINE: Amanda May Metzger, The Post-Star, Glens Falls, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 970 words


April 17--QUEENSBURY -- Local business, government and education leaders shared
thoughts on how U.S. Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand, D-N.Y., can help with job creation
in the North Country at a roundtable discussion Wednesday at SUNY Adirondack.

Among the top concerns were infrastructure updates and expansion, and most
importantly, who will pay for them.

"What stifles the growth is the limited infrastructure and specifically the
water and wastewater. If we don't have those two going to our industrial
development areas, we're not going to see any industrial commercial
development," said Queensbury Supervisor John Strough.

Money is needed to study a regional approach to infrastructure expansion, then
to construct it, he said.

If the work is government-funded, taxpayers foot the bill, but Gillibrand said
she wants to ease the local property tax burden by dipping into the larger pool
of federal tax dollars that get distributed to states for such projects.

Gillibrand is cosponsoring a bipartisan bill that would streamline federal
funding to states for low-interest loans on infrastructure projects.

"We want to get more money flowing from Washington to New York so that we can
offset the local needs, because property taxes are never going to be able to pay
for all these sewer needs," Gillibrand said.

She quoted from an Environmental Protection Agency study that pegged the cost of
Warren County's wastewater system needs alone at $100 million.

The bill is called Building and Renewing Infrastructure for Development and
Growth in Employment Act, and it was introduced late last year in the Senate by
a Democrat from Virginia. The legislation seeks to establish an Infrastructure
Financing Authority as a wholly owned government corporation.

This entity would provide direct loans and loan guarantees for building and
maintaining transportation, water and energy infrastructure systems. The bill
would require that the projects cost at least $50 million, or $10 million for
rural projects. It would establish an Office of Technical and Rural Assistance
to help state and local governments and parties in public-private partnerships
to develop and finance projects.

"It will allow the federal government, not necessarily to give the money, but to
do loan guarantees or facilitating types of investments," Gillibrand said.

Strough noted that even with low-interest loans, taxpayers carry the burden,
citing Moreau's recent $14.1 million sewer district expansion, which was voted
down by residents within the project's boundaries who would have been saddled
with the debt service.

Moreau Supervisor Preston Jenkins, who was in the audience at the roundtable
discussion, said Moreau has benefited from federal dollars distributed through
the state Environmental Facilities Corp. for interest-free loans for water
projects.

"The plan we just voted down was through the Environmental Facilities Corp., and
that was federal money (distributed through the state), loaned at an interest
rate of 50 percent, the going rate," Jenkins said. "I have to admit that if it
had passed, it would have been a very difficult thing at that point. We
obviously had a lot of issues -- primarily most of the yes votes came from
commercial and a lot of the negative came from residential who said, 'Why me?' I
always said that was a good point."

Moreau has also had instances where developers foot the bill for infrastructure
expansions. Jenkins said Moreau is exploring whether its sewer needs can be paid
for out of the state's funding for communities within prison closure areas.

Also related to infrastructure, Washington County's Economic Development
Coordinator Laura Oswald noted that six businesses in Salem closed recently
because of septic issues resulting from flooding. She said she'd like to see an
expansion of a tax credit for redevelopment and renovation of clusters of
historic buildings.

"A lot of these smaller villages have fairly historic main streets," Oswald
said.

EDC Warren County president Ed Bartholomew talked about grant funding obtained
by local regional groups that has been useful in undertaking studies, outlined
the need for capital funds for Glens Falls' aging wastewater treatment plant and
getting broadband service to areas of northern Warren County and Washington
County that are underserved.

Bartholomew also asked for Gillibrand's assistance in working with farming
communities to find additional markets and ways to market local farm products
and provide funding for regional tourism efforts. He said her support for tax
credits for housing development "would be critical."

General Electric plans to begin its departure from Fort Edward, taking with it
about 200 jobs, in the first quarter of next year. Bartholomew said he's looking
for support in transferring the 37-acre property to a third party, a
collaboration between EDC Warren County and others, to redevelop the site.

Gillibrand is co-sponsoring the Brownfields Utilization, Investment, and Local
Development Act of 2013, currently in the Senate Committee on Environment and
Public Works.

The legislation would amend the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 by making more entities eligible for
brownfields revitalization funding. If passed, qualified community development
entities, tax-exempt charitable organizations and other entities would be
eligible.

"Those brownfield dollars can be very flexible. That's great for us because it
can be part of the whole redevelopment effort anyone can apply for," Gillibrand
said.

Gillibrand also discussed low-cost capital offerings of the Export-Import Bank
of the United States, such as insurance to guarantee payment of exports.

___ (c)2014 The Post Star (Glens Falls, N.Y.) Visit The Post Star (Glens Falls,
N.Y.) at www.poststar.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140417-GN-Wastewater-and-how-to-get-money-flowing-topics-at-roundtable-2014041
7

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GN


                          Copyright 2014 The Post-Star


                              489 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               February 21, 2017

                         NAIRN COMMUNITY & ARTS CENTRE

                             NAIRN COMMUNITY CENTRE
                                  KING STREET
                                     NAIRN
                                 NAIRN IV12 4BQ


TRADE ADDRESS: King Street, NAIRN IV12 4BQ

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01667453476
URL: www.nairncommunitycentre.co.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: SC172235

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: February 12, 1997
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Alexander Smith Park, Butcher
     ·    Daniel Sillars Farrell, Retired
     ·    Mrs Elizabeth Macdonald, Local Authority Councillor
     ·    James Alexander Maclean Clark, Upholsterer
     ·    Gordon Charles Munroe Forbes, Housing Manager
     ·    George Alexander Pirie, Retired
     ·    Mr Michael Geddes Green, Internet Entrepreneur
     ·    Michael John Mitchell, Chartered Accountant


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Operation of arts facilities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
90040
93290

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  November 24, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  February 12, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  34,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                              638,796   683,457   726,563
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                           638,796   683,457   726,563
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                         173,171   160,570   164,525
Miscellaneous Current Assets                  13,741    14,390    18,618
Other Current Assets                         186,912   174,960   183,143
Total Current Assets                         186,912   174,960   183,143
Fixed Assets                                 638,796   683,457   726,563
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 825,708   858,417   909,706



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities             11,131     9,061     6,282
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                     11,131     9,061     6,282
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                     11,131     9,061     6,282
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                             11,131     9,061     6,282
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry           595,699   638,659   681,619
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                218,878   210,697   221,805
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                            814,577   849,356   903,424
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)           595,699   638,659   681,619
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                   814,577   849,356   903,424


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed     814,577   849,356   903,424
Net Worth            814,577   849,356   903,424
Working Capital      175,781   165,899   176,861
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets        -3.81  -9.23 -13.23
Current Assets       6.83   2.06   2.19
Current             22.85  77.19  13.74
Liabilities
Capital Employed    -4.09  -9.83 -13.51
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 1,854 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
92320 Operation of arts facilities



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -4.23     2.14    21.82
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -4.9      .44    11.92
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -5.42      .52     9.73
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              46.15      125   285.37
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       10.69      1.5        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                     .5     1.03      2.1
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            16,419.7 23,251.5 36,092.8
                                                          3        8        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,000 17,116.2   23,000
                                                                   8
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  34,803.1   54,000 79,673.1
                                                          3                 2
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  41.08    32.32    22.28



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  93
=
Year -1  89
=
Year -2  99
=
Year -3  10
=         0

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities               16.79     19.31     29.15
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                 16.79     19.31     29.15
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.99      0.99      0.99
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 814,577

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2017


                              490 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                            March 17, 2007 Saturday

FIRM ABANDONS BID FOR TILAPIA FARM

BYLINE: ANNE CONSTABLE

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A-6

LENGTH: 545 words


Senate tables bill to provide $30 million in loans for project in Southern New
Mexico

A director of the NM Tilapia Corp. said Friday that the new company is giving up
plans to build a fish-processing facility in Southern New Mexico.

Johnny Cope, a Hobbs businessman, pal of Gov. Bill Richardson and chairman of
the

New Mexico Transportation Commission, said the project

fell through when the Senate

late Thursday indefinitely

tabled a bill to appropriate

$30 million in state funds to guarantee loans for the fish farm.

Cope claimed the project would have provided 1,500 jobs in Hidalgo County, which
has a high unemployment rate, and would have eventually generated $100 million
in gross receipts tax revenue.

"We just didn't have enough information for something that big so late in the
game," Sen. William Payne, R-Bernalillo, said of the company, which was
incorporated last November.

Payne said he didn't learn about the project until Thursday night. "I'm not
saying I'm against it," Payne said. "But it would have been nice if we had an
industry brief saying, 'This is where we've done projects. This is our market
history.' "

Payne, a Navy SEAL, said he has seen tilapia farming operations in Asia, where
the fish is a staple, and said a lot of technical issues need to be resolved.
"If we're going to do this (guarantee loans), we would want to know a whole lot
more about who is involved."

The project only surfaced at the start of the legislative session and never went
through the financial vetting process that takes place between legislative
sessions. The Legislative Finance Committee's first fiscal impact report on the
bill described the mechanism as "highly irregular."

The bill would have appropriated $30 million to guarantee loan bonds for
projects authorized under the Statewide Economic Development Act, enacted in
2003 to provide capital for businesses in rural and underserved areas at
favorable rates.

The bill, introduced in the Senate by Sen. Ben Altamirano, D-Silver City, would
have allowed gross receipts tax revenues to be pledged for economic-development
bonds issued to guarantee loans. According to New Mexico Finance chief executive
Bill Sisneros, it would help put New Mexico on a more even footing with its
neighbors in competing for projects.

Public Regulation Commission records list the NM Tilapia Corp.'s president as
Richard Millman of Santa Fe and secretary/treasurer as Damon Seawright, who also
is vice president of AmeriCulture, a three-year-old Hidalgo County company that
currently produces Nile tilapia fingerlings for growers and researchers. The
plan was for the NM Tilapia Corp. to acquire AmeriCulture and become a
full-scale food-processing facility.

The new company employed a star-studded cast of lobbyists who included former
Gov. Toney Anaya, Richard Barros, Mark Duran, Luke Otero, former House Speaker
Raymond G. Sanchez and Joseph M. Thompson.

Cope said Friday that the company couldn't return next year with a
public-financing proposal because the land wouldn't be available.

Hidalgo County, according to the company, is an ideal place to grow tilapia.
Geothermal waters of the area can be used as a growth medium for the fish, and
the fish farms can be heated at a much lower cost using geothermal heat rather
than fossil fuels.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 The New Mexican


                              491 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 17, 2016 Tuesday

USDA Lowers Cost to Refinance Rural Housing Loans

LENGTH: 473  words

DATELINE: New York



 Phoenix: U.S Department of Agriculture, The State of Arizona has issued the
following news release:



 USDA Rural Housing Service Administrator Tony Hernandez today announced a
series of changes that will make it faster and cheaper for homeowners to
refinance USDA mortgages.





 "These changes reaffirm the Obama Administration's com itment to middle-class
Americans, and I am pleased that we continue to provide affordable housing to
support thriving economies in rural com unities," Hernandez said. "Helping
homeowners refinance their homes to reduce their monthly payments and take
advantage of low interest rates will bring increased capital to rural residents
and the com unities where they live and work."



 The changes take effect June 2, 2016 and apply to mortgages issued through USDA
and those where USDA has issued a loan note guarantee.



 Homeowners current on their mortgages for the past 12 months will no longer be
required to secure an appraisal, provide a credit report or undergo a
debt-to-incom  calculation when they refinance for a 30-year term. These changes
will save time and money.



 USDA began testing these changes in a 2012 a pilot program that was later
expanded to include 34 states and Puerto Rico. To date, nearly 9,500 homeowners
have refinanced their mortgages. Some borrowers saved as much as $600 a month.
The average savings is around $150 per month.



 The streamlined rules are consistent with banking industry lending standards.
These refinanced loans, like all USDA Rural Development housing loans, meet
rigorous underwriting standards and are made only to qualified borrowers. The
Department of Housing and Urban Development and Department of Veterans Affairs
have similar programs for the Americans they serve.



 Interested homeowners with USDA loan guarantees should contact their lender
about refinance procedures. Homeowners with USDA Direct loans should contact a
USDA housing specialist.



 For additional details on these new changes, please see page 26461 of the May 3
Federal Register. To learn more about USDA housing programs, please contact a
housing specialist at your nearest USDA Rural Development office. A list of
State offices is available at: http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (#USDARD) has helped 1.1 million rural
residents buy homes; invested $11 billion to start or expand 103,000 rural
businesses; funded nearly 7,000 com unity facilities such as schools, public
safety and health care facilities; financed 185,000 miles of electric
transmission and distribution lines; and helped bring high-speed Internet access
to nearly 6 million rural residents and businesses. For more information, visit
www.usda.gov/results.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com br/>

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              492 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                August 26, 1996

Southwest Business Corp. Has Interim Flood Effort

SECTION: SPECIAL REPORT; Flood Compliance; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 812 words

DATELINE: San Antonio, TX


Southwest Business Corp.'s Interim Flood Program has been called the most
popular in the industry.

SWBC executive vice presidents Joyce White and Tony Hart are the architects of
the original service in this specialty, and Ms. White explained, "when flood
compliance first became an issue for lenders in the late 1980's, there was no
program outside the N.F.I.P. which would allow lenders to quickly and easily
order interim insurance to cover loans with lapsed flood insurance."

In 1985, Ms. White and Mr. Hart put together the first lender's forced insurance
facility for WNC Insurance Services, using underwriters at Lloyd's of London.

In 1987, together with Electronic Data Systems, they conducted the first
complete audit of a lender portfolio to identify loans in Special Flood Hazard
Areas.  The lender was City Federal Savings Bank, a New Jersey-based thrift with
a nationwide portfolio of approximately 75,000 loans.

The review of the portfolio used the EDS database of flood policies to identify
properties in or near an SFHA.  Borrowers were notified and disputed properties
were then hand mapped.

In its 12-year history as a forced-flood facility, Southwest Flood Insurance
Services has developed an expertise based on conducting more than 300 portfolio
audits.

It has interface capabilities with a variety of outsourcing systems and offers
extensive blanket guarantees against uninsured flood losses, covering the
mortgage portfolio during and after a review.

For lenders who want to avoid the expense of hand mapping an entire portfolio,
the review method Ms. White and Mr. Hart devised remains the most popular.

That basic system has evolved into the use of a database plus hand mapping to
insure the accuracy of notification to the borrower.

"Now when a borrower is notified of the flood insurance requirement on the
property, the notification includes specific flood zone, community number and
map panel information," she said.

"Disputes are handled by the mapping vendor who reviews tax maps and survey
information and contacts local flood officials to confirm the correctness of the
determination."

With an estimated 60% market share, Lloyd's - through its vendors WNC and SWBC -
is the leader among the three private-sector private forced-flood facilities
(Lloyd's, American Security, and Safeco Select).  The average rate of coverage
for the three is 85 cents per $ 100 of coverage, against $ 1.25 to $ 3.00 per $
100 for the mortgage portfolio protection program offered lenders through the
National Flood Insurance Program.

Ms. White said that higher cost plus the additional difficulty in placing
coverage and the absence of any portfolio coverage guarantees makes the MPPP
program a distant fourth in popularity among lenders.

Ms. White said all major flood determination vendors warranty their accuracy
backed by indemnity insurance, usually for $ 10 million.  The vendors also will
assist in the FEMA appeal process which NFIRA allows.

The SWBC/Lloyd's program offers higher coverage than NFIP, $ 300,000 vs. $
250,000.

In addition to flood risk portfolio analysis and audits, the SWBC/Lloyd's
program offers a full range of flood services, including flexible coverage and
rates, 60-day binders, coverage for non-escrowed loans, coverage for both
residential and commercial properties, complete EDI capabilities for maximum
streamlining, fully guaranteed flood zone certifications, transferable life-of-
loan coverage for the entire portfolio, and the ability to insure properties in
communities that do not participate in the NFIP.

With several years of input from lenders before flood regulations were tightened
in 1994, Ms. White said lenders have no horror stories to tell about flood
insurance snafus.

The biggest compliance issue currently has to do with consumer loans (second and
third loans, equity loans, and equity lines of credit).

"Those portions of the portfolio have been pretty much ignored," she said.  "The
question is how best to cover these loans with average balances under $ 25,000.
Lenders are looking at the cost and coverage of blanket flood insurance for the
outstanding balance of the total equity line."

She said lenders also are seeking regulatory approval of this approach as the
most logical for interim coverage.

"The assumption is that there is probably a first mortgage with a flood policy
in place, so the placement of a second policy could make the coverage
contributory and possibly insufficient to cover all of the borrower's
outstanding balances."

Because both Fannie and Freddie now require full replacement cost coverage for
both hazard and flood, Ms. White says, "approximately half of our clients have
started to force place flood at the hazard insurance amount in an effort to
comply."

Condominiums present many unresolved problems with both hazard and flood
insurance.

LOAD-DATE: September 03, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Joyce White

                         Copyright 1996 Faulkner & Gray


                              493 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2016 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               December 24, 2016

                     NEW BELFAST COMMUNITY ARTS INITIATIVE

                                  C/O THE ARC
                                       7
                             DONEGALL STREET PLACE
                                    BELFAST
                                BELFAST BT1 2NB


TRADE ADDRESS: 3-5 Commercial Court, BELFAST BT1 2NB

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 02890923493
FAX: 028-9092-4545
URL: www.comartspartner.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: NI037645

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: December 22, 1999
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Martin Lynch, Arts Worker
     ·    Mr Joseph Mcvey, Business Consultant
     ·    Ms Trish O'kane, Co-ordinator - Community Projects
     ·    Ms Katrina Mary Newell, Arts Manager
     ·    Ms Karen Sara Mcfarlane, Self Employed
     ·    Mr John Vincent Mccann, Solicitor
     ·    Mrs Lesley Wilson, Arts Co-ordinator
     ·    Mr Darren George Ferguson, Charity Manager
     ·    Ms Eileen Anna Branagh, Project Manager


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    Conor JamesShields


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Operation of arts facilities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Administration (UK)

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
90040
90000 - Sewage and refuse disposal, sanitation and similar activities
85520

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Small   modified Balance Sheet
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  September 30, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  December 22, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  22,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                2,412     5,712     9,480
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                             2,412     5,712     9,480
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                         100,679   143,560   151,354
Miscellaneous Current Assets                  43,487     9,313     8,345
Other Current Assets                         144,166   152,873   159,699
Total Current Assets                         144,166   152,873   159,699
Fixed Assets                                   2,412     5,712     9,480
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 146,578   158,585   169,179



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities             54,126    52,759    40,657
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                     54,126    52,759    40,657
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                     54,126    52,759    40,657
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                             54,126    52,759    40,657
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                 92,452   105,826   128,522
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                             92,452   105,826   128,522
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                    92,452   105,826   128,522


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed      92,452   105,826   128,522
Net Worth             92,452   105,826   128,522
Working Capital       90,040   100,114   119,042
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets        -7.57 -13.36 -14.29
Current Assets       -5.7  -9.73  -15.7
Current              2.59  33.13   8.98
Liabilities
Capital Employed   -12.64 -28.07 -23.81
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 1,854 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
92320 Operation of arts facilities



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -4.23     2.14    21.82
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -4.9      .44    11.92
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -5.42      .52     9.73
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              46.15      125   285.37
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       10.69      1.5        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                     .5     1.03      2.1
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            16,419.7 23,251.5 36,092.8
                                                          3        8        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,000 17,116.2   23,000
                                                                   8
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  34,803.1   54,000 79,673.1
                                                          3                 2
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  41.08    32.32    22.28



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  96
=
Year -1  94
=
Year -2  10
=         0
Year -3  10
=         0

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                2.66       2.9      3.93
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  2.66       2.9      3.93
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.63      0.67      0.76
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 92,452

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: PKF-FPM Accountants Ltd

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2017


                              494 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          Copyright 2017 W/D Partners
                                   Worldscope

                                 March 26, 2017

                      CAVMONT CAPITAL HOLDINGS ZAMBIA PLC

                          Unit C Counting House Square
                                Thabo Mbeki Road
                                     LUSAKA
                                     ZAMBIA

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: http://www.cavmont.com.zm

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
TICKER: CCHZ
SEDOL: B0TBGH2
ISIN: ZM0000000227
WORLDSCOPE NUMBER: C894000B0

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
OPERATING STATUS: ACTIVE
EMPLOYEES: 224

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
OFFICERS:

     ·    Guy D. Phiri, Non Executive Chairman
     ·    Charles Henry de Beauvoir Carey, Executive Managing Director & Chief
          Executive Officer
     ·    Johan Cloete, Chief Operating Officer
     ·    Louis Kabula, Chief Financial Officer
     ·    Mudenda Syamujaye, Treasurer


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Cavmont Capital Holdings Zambia Plc is the holding company of Cavmont Bank
Limited (the Bank). The Bank is a commercial bank in Zambia. The Bank offers
products, including personal and business products, treasury and credit
products. The Bank provides corporate, investment, retail banking and community
banking services. It offers personal and business products, including current,
check and savings accounts, as well as accounts for churches and other
organizations. It offers treasury products, such as term, time and repo
deposits, as well as foreign exchange trading services. In addition, it offers
credit products, including personal loans, business loans, overdraft facility,
salary advance accounts, corporate loan schemes, invoice discounting facility,
guarantees/bid bonds, home loans, residential building loans, housing loan
schemes, commercial/industrial loans, and short and medium term finance in
Zambian Kwacha and foreign currency.
INDUSTRY TYPE: BANK

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC CODES:
6029 - Commercial banks, nec
6719 - Holding companies, nec
WORLDSCOPE INDUSTRY GROUP:
4310 - COMMERCIAL BANKS-MULTI BANK HOLDING COMPANIES

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: 6/2013




                              KEY FINANCIALS (USD)

                                  06/30/16          06/30/15          06/30/14
MARKET CAP                       5,481,231         9,500,943        11,301,654
COMMON EQTY                     12,111,105        15,912,669        18,741,445
COMMON EQTY - CURR              12,398,059                 -                 -
TOTAL ASSETS                    97,083,501       110,980,292       103,321,715
SALES                           10,406,148        11,144,121        10,528,027
NET INCOME                          71,382           157,329       (1,066,585)

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *



                               ASSETS (000's ZMW)

                                      06/30/16        06/30/15        06/30/14
TOTAL INVESTMENTS                       70,678          71,106          68,956
OTHER SECURITIES                        70,678          71,106          68,956
INVESTMNT IN ASSOCIATED COS                  0               0               0
TOTAL ASSETS                           946,602         832,373         651,461




                            LIABILITIES (000's ZMW)

                                      06/30/16        06/30/15        06/30/14
DEPOSITS-TOTAL                         768,129         607,460         487,607
SAVINGS/OTHER TIME DEPOSITS            768,129         607,460         487,607
DEFERRED INCOME                              0               0               0
OTHER LIABILITIES                       60,385         105,565          45,686
TOTAL LIABILITIES                      828,514         713,025         533,293




                               EQUITY (000's ZMW)

                                      06/30/16        06/30/15        06/30/14
NON-EQUITY RESERVES                          0               0               0
MINORITY INTEREST                            0               0               0
PREFERRED STOCK                              0               0               0
COMMON SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY            118,088         119,348         118,168
COMMON STOCK                           118,088         119,348         118,168
CAPITAL SURPLUS                              0               0               0
REVALUATION RESERVES                         0               0               0
ESOP GUARANTEES                              0               0               0
UNREALIZED FOREIGN EXC GAN/LOS               0               0               0
UNREALZD GAIN/LOSS ON MKTB SEC               0               0               0
TOTAL LIABILITIES & SHAREHOLDE         946,602         832,373         651,461

* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
(000's ZMW)                           06/30/16        06/30/15        06/30/14
INTEREST INCOME - TOTAL                 43,383          45,334          34,259
INTEREST & FEES ON LOANS                43,383          45,334          34,259
INTEREST CAPITALIZED                         0               0               0
NON-INTEREST INCOME-TOTAL               58,081          38,249          32,122
PROVISION FOR LOAN LOSSES                (396)         (1,472)           (101)
OPERATING INCOME                         1,298           1,756         (9,556)
EXTRAORDINARY CREDIT - PRETAX                0               0               0
EXTRAORDINARY CHARGE - PRETAX                0               0               0
OTHER INCOME/EXPENSE - NET                   0               0               0
PRETAX EQUITY IN EARNINGS                    0               0               0
PRETAX INCOME                            1,298           1,756         (9,556)
INCOME TAXES                               602             576         (2,831)
MINORITY INTEREST                            0               0               0
EQUITY IN EARNINGS                           0               0               0
DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS                      0               0               0
NET INC BEFORE EXTRA/PFD DIVS              696           1,180         (6,725)
PREFERRED DIVIDEND REQUIREMENT               0               0               0
NET INCOME - BASIC                         696           1,180         (6,725)
EXTRA ITEMS & GAIN/LOSS SALE O               0               0               0

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
(000's ZMW)                           06/30/16        06/30/15        06/30/14
FUNDS FROM OPERATIONS                26,256[G]     (10,410)[G]      (6,826)[E]
EXTRAORDINARY ITEMS                          0               0               -
NET CASH FLOW-OPERATING ACTIVS          26,256        (10,410)               -
NET ASSETS FROM ACQUISITIONS                 0               0               -
TOTAL SOURCES                           18,979           6,293               -
INCREASE IN INVESTMENTS                      0               0               -
DECREASE IN INVESTMENTS                      0               0               -
DISPOSAL OF FIXED ASSETS                     0               0               -
NET CASH FLOW - INVESTING               18,979           6,293               -
CASH DIVIDENDS PAID - TOTAL                  0               0               -
COMMON DIVIDENDS (CASH)                      0               0               -
PREFERRED DIVIDENDS (CASH)                   0               0               -
EFFECT OF EXCHANGE ON CASH              22,518           7,646               -
INCREASE/DECREASE IN CASH/SHOR          29,795         (9,057)               -

   [E]: ESTIMATED

   [G]: INCLUDES FUNDS FROM OTHER OPERATING ACTIVITIES


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
(000's ZMW)                           06/30/16        06/30/15        06/30/14
NET SALES OR REVENUES[SP]              101,464          83,583          66,381
DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS-PRETAX               0               0               0
NET INCOME - DILUTED                       696           1,180         (6,725)
NET INCOME BEFORE PREFERRED DI             696           1,180         (6,725)
NET INCOME AVAILABLE TO COMMON             696           1,180         (6,725)
TOTAL CAPITAL                          118,088         119,348         118,168

   [SP]: PRELIMINARY - AS REPORTED BY THE COMPANY


(000's ZMW)                           06/30/16        06/30/15        06/30/14
INTERBANK LOANS                        466,550         467,536         295,823
EXTERNAL FINANCING[A]                  (1,956)               0          43,910
DEFERRED CHARGES                             0               0               0
OTHER TANGIBLE ASSETS                  121,298          88,581          98,318

   [A]: MAY REFLECT CHANGES DUE TO ACQUISITIONS AND ACCOUNTING POLICIES


                                      06/30/16        06/30/15        06/30/14
NET SALES/REVENUES -1YR ANN GR           21.39           25.91           92.57
OPERATING INCOME - 1 YR ANNUAL         (26.08)               -               -
NET INCOME - 1 YR ANNUAL GROWT         (41.02)               -               -
EQUITY - 1 YR                           (1.06)            1.00           45.92
NET MARGIN - 1 YR GROWTH RATE          (51.41)               -               -
EARNINGS PER SHARE - 1 YR              (40.00)               -               -
DIVIDENDS PER SHARE - 1 YR                0.00               -               -
BOOK VALUE PER SHARE - 1 YR             (1.06)            1.00           45.92

                                      06/30/16        06/30/15        06/30/14
MINORITY INTEREST % TOTAL CAPI            0.00            0.00            0.00
EQUITY % TOTAL CAPITAL - 5 YR           100.00           90.86           90.86
PREFERRED STOCK % TOTAL CAPITA            0.00            0.00            0.00
EQUITY % OF TOTAL DEPOSITS -5Y           18.87           16.61           15.30
TOTAL CAPITAL %TOT DEPOSITS-5Y           18.87           17.30           15.99

                                      06/30/16        06/30/15        06/30/14
RETURN ON EQUITY -TOTAL-5 YR           (12.76)         (27.01)         (30.40)
RETURN ON EQUITY-PER SHARE-5YR          (6.50)         (49.73)         (52.98)
REINVESTMENT RATE (EEG)/TOT 1Y            0.59            0.99               -
REINVESTMENT RATE (EEG)/SHR 1Y            0.18            0.30               -
RETURN ON INVESTED CAPITAL - 5         (11.24)         (22.44)         (25.68)
CASH EARN RET ON EQTY - 5 YR           (14.89)         (35.05)         (38.55)
CASH FLOW/SALES - 5 YR AVG              (8.52)         (19.97)         (21.25)
OPERATING PROFIT MARGIN - 5 YR         (15.38)         (21.39)         (26.23)
OPERATING INCOME/TOTAL CAPITAL         (13.46)         (25.02)         (31.46)
PRETAX MARGIN - 5 YR AVG               (16.53)         (24.25)         (29.09)
NET MARGIN - 5 YR                       (9.57)         (15.33)         (17.91)
NON-INTEREST INC %TOT REVE 5YR           33.03           30.05           29.47

                                      06/30/16        06/30/15        06/30/14
NET SALES/REVS -5YR ANN GROWTH           17.33           18.94           13.74
EQUITY - 5 YR ANNUAL GROWTH              58.30           37.29           51.47
DIVIDENDS PER SHARE - 5 YR ANN               -            0.00               -
BOOK VALUE PER SHARE - 5 YR AN            6.87          352.48          399.24

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
                                      06/30/16        06/30/15        06/30/14
CASH & SECURITIES % TOTAL DEPO           46.70           45.48           52.77

                                      06/30/16        06/30/15        06/30/14
MINORITY INTEREST % TOTAL CAPI            0.00            0.00            0.00
EQUITY % TOTAL CAPITAL                  100.00          100.00          100.00
PREFERRED STOCK % TOTAL CAPITA            0.00            0.00            0.00
DIVIDEND PAYOUT (% EARNINGS)              0.00            0.00               -
INVESTED ASSETS % TOTAL DEPOSI            9.20           11.71           14.14
EQUITY % OF TOTAL DEPOSITS               15.37           19.65           24.23
TOTAL CAPITAL % TOTAL DEPOSITS           15.37           19.65           24.23

                                      06/30/16        06/30/15        06/30/14
RETURN ON EQUITY - TOTAL (%)              0.59            0.99          (6.75)
RETURN ON EQUITY - PER SHARE              0.18            0.30          (2.04)
REINVESTMENT RATE (EEG)/TOT 1Y            0.59            0.99               -
REINVESTMENT RATE (EEG)/SHR 1Y            0.18            0.30               -
RETURN ON INVESTED CAPITAL                0.59            0.99          (6.75)
CASH EARNS RETURN ON EQUITY              22.12          (8.77)          (6.86)
CASH FLOW/SALES                          25.88         (12.45)         (10.28)
OPERATING PROFIT MARGIN                   1.28            2.10         (14.40)
OPERATING INCOME/TOTAL CAPITAL            1.09            1.48          (9.60)
PRETAX MARGIN                             1.28            2.10         (14.40)
TAX RATE                                 46.38           32.80               -
NET MARGIN                                0.69            1.41         (10.13)
NON-INTEREST INC % TOTAL REVES           57.24           45.76           48.39

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EXCHANGE: LUSAKA
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: 35,629,426
EPS: ZMW 0.01

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: PriceWaterhouseCoopers
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
ZMW 683,000
Unqualified

ACCOUNTING PRACTICES FOR FISCAL YEAR ENDING 06/30/16
ACCOUNTING METHOD FOR LONG TERM INVESTMENT >50%: All subsidiaries are
consolidated
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOLLOWED: IFRS
ACCOUNTING PRACTICES FOR FISCAL YEAR ENDING 06/30/15
ACCOUNTING METHOD FOR LONG TERM INVESTMENT >50%: All subsidiaries are
consolidated
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOLLOWED: IFRS
ACCOUNTING PRACTICES FOR FISCAL YEAR ENDING 06/30/14
ACCOUNTING METHOD FOR LONG TERM INVESTMENT >50%: All subsidiaries are
consolidated
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOLLOWED: IFRS

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2017


                              495 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 22, 2017

                  JOHN POINTON SPORTS AND RECREATION FACILITY

                   JOHN POINTON SPORTS & RECREATION FACILITY
                                 FELTHOUSE LANE
                                   CHEDDLETON
                                 LEEK ST13 7BP


TRADE ADDRESS: Felthouse Lane, LEEK ST13 7BP

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01782551405
URL: www.pointonpark.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 08818162

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: December 17, 2013
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 3

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Paul Bailey, Shopkeeper
     ·    Barnaby Kyffin Williams, Technical Director
     ·    Councillor Michael Philip Worthington, None
     ·    Malcolm Frank Cunningham, Pt Community Worker
     ·    Tony Lacey, Retired


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Other human health activities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Normal   Company acting as agents

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
86900
93100

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Full Accounts
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  November 12, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  December 17, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  67,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201         -
                                                   6         5
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            1,341,000 1,369,360         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                         1,341,000 1,369,360         -
Stocks                                           124        54         -
Debtors                                          344        30         -
Cash                                          53,561    48,377         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                     114       115         -
Other Current Assets                          53,675    48,492         -
Total Current Assets                          54,143    48,576         -
Fixed Assets                               1,341,000 1,369,360         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               1,395,143 1,417,936         -



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201         -
                                                   6         5
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                        148       121         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                547     2,567         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                        547     2,567         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                        695     2,688         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                695     2,688         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve              1,394,448 1,415,248         -
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                          1,394,448 1,415,248         -
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 1,394,448 1,415,248         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201  -
                           6         5
                         GBP       GBP GB
                                        P
Total Sales           63,315 1,483,726  -
Cost of Sales              0         0  -
Gross Profit          63,315 1,483,726  -
Operating Profit      -20800 1,415,248  -
Export                     -         -  -
Nontrading Income          0         0  -
Interest Payable           -         -  -
Pretax Profit         -20800 1,415,248  -
Taxation                   -         -  -
Profit After Tax      -20800 1,415,248  -
Dividends Payable          0         0  -
Retained Profits      -20800 1,415,248  -
Value Added           36,780 1,443,664  -
Capital Employed   1,394,448 1,415,248  -
Net Worth          1,394,448 1,415,248  -
Working Capital       53,448    45,888  -
Emp. Renumeration     29,070         -  -
Dir. Renumeration          0         0  -
Audit Fees                 -       600  -
Non-audit Fees             -         -  -
Depreciation          28,510    28,416  -
Number of                  3         1  -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales              -95.73      -      -
Pretax             -101.4      -      -
                        7
Total Assets        -1.61      -      -
Current Assets      11.46      -      -
Current            -74.14      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed    -1.47      -      -
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of             200      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 3,000 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
92610 Operation of sports arenas and stadiums



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -2.63      .93     9.71
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -2.88      .26      6.3
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -5.96     1.12    12.16
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                 20    58.53   178.32
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        9.37        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .29      .95     2.08
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            12,151.8 19,969.6 28,809.4
                                                          3        5        9
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)     9,000 13,691.3 20,154.4
                                                                   6        2
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    20,200 34,261.5 53,636.3
                                                                   4        6
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  49.75    39.48     28.6



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  9
=        3
Year -1  3
=        6
Year -2  4
=        5
Year -3  -
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                    1/03/201 31/03/201 -
                                                           6         5
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -1.49       100 -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -1.49     99.81 -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -1.49       100 -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -32.85     95.38 -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                4.54    104.64 -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                                0.05      1.08 -
Export / Sales (%)                                         -         - -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            84.42      3.09 -
Sales / Stocks                                         510.6 27,476.41 -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales ) x        1.98      0.01 -
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    77.9     18.07 -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     77.73     18.05 -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                                 -         - -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                          1         1 -
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         - -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                         -         - -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                             5.6     49.78 -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)      9,690         - -
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      45.91         - -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)           -6933.33 1,415,248 -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                     21,105 1,483,726 -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees               464,816 1,415,248 -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)             447,000 1,369,360 -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)            465,047. 1,417,936 -
                                                           7
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                       -56.55     98.03 -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                58.09      97.3 -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)               12,260 1,443,664 -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                     1.27         - -
Sales / Audit Fees                                         -  2,472.88 -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                                  -  2,363.23 -
Creditors / Debtors                                     0.43      4.03 -
Total Debt / Working Capital                               -         - -
Total Debt / Total Assets                                  -         - -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 1,394,448

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Hardwickes

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2017


                              496 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD.)

                           September 8, 1995, Friday

Osiris Closes on $ 4.7M From State, City to Build New Headquarters

SECTION: Pg.  1

LENGTH: 186 words


Osiris Therapeutics, a biotechnology startup with plans to build a headquarters
in Fells Point, yesterday announced it completed a $ 4.7 million financing
arrangement backed by the State of Maryland and the City of Baltimore. The
company will receive loans totaling $ 4.7 million from Whiting-Turner
Contracting Co., which is preparing the Osiris facility, and Signet Bank. The
Baltimore and Maryland governments also provided grants totaling $ 750,000. Loan
guarantees covering the $ 3.6 million in loans will be provided by the Maryland
Industrial Development Financing Authority. Osiris is moving its headquarters
from Cleveland, Ohio to the former Belt's Corp. facility in Baltimore.
Renovations of the building and construction of laboratory space is scheduled to
be completed by December. In the interim, Osiris will occupy laboratories at
Baltimore City Community College. In addition to the construction financing,
Osiris has received equity investments totaling $ 900,000 from the state and
Baltimore City. Osiris is developing cell therapy products to regenerate tissue
damaged by disease or injury.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1995 The Daily Record Co.


                              497 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                           September 14, 2007 Friday

FHLB Bill Cosponsor Sought

BYLINE: Steven Sloan

SECTION: WASHINGTON; Pg. 3 Vol. 172 No. 178

LENGTH: 185  words


More than a dozen trade groups, including the American Bankers Association and
the Independent Community Bankers of America, are courting Senate Finance
Committee Chairman Max Baucus to cosponsor legislation that would let the
Federal Home Loan Banks back tax-exempt bonds.

Allowing such use of the banks' letters of credit "will provide an additional
credit enhancement option as issuers work to structure cost-effective financing
on projects like water treatment facilities, fire stations, long-term care
facilities for the elderly, medical clinics, school buses, bridges, and other
infrastructure improvements," the groups wrote in a letter to the Montana
Democrat. The letters "will provide an additional opportunity for these
institutions to serve the communities they call home while also keeping the LOC
fees in the local and regional economy."

Legislation that Sen. John Rockefeller, D-W.Va., introduced last month would
allow the banks to guarantee tax-exempt bonds. Rep. Sander Levin, D-Mich.,
introduced similar legislation in the House in May.

http://www.americanbanker.com/ http://www.sourcemedia.com/

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: a


                        Copyright 2007 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              498 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 27, 2008 Sunday

BRIEF: Grover gets USDA grant

BYLINE: Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 217 words


Apr. 27--The town of Grover has received an $18,270 Community Facility Grant
from U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development.

Mike Bennett, state director for Colorado Rural Development, presented the
ceremonial check to town officials. It was part of more than $8 million in loan
and grant funding to several northeast Colorado entities.

Grover, in northeast Weld County, will use the grant to buy a tractor for snow
removal and moving services for the community. The funding, according to Bennett
and town officials, will allow the town to replace Grover's current tractor
which is more than 50 years old.

Under the Water and Environmental Program, USDA Rural Development provides
loans, grants and loan guarantees for drinking water, sanitary sewer, solid
waste and storm drainage facilities in rural areas and cities and towns of
10,000 or less, Bennett said in a press release.

To see more of the Greeley Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.greeleytribune.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Greeley Tribune, Colo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080427-GY-BRF-Grover-gets-USDA-grant-0427

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2008 Greeley Tribune


                              499 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           November 30, 2010 Tuesday
                                   L2 Edition

Fair seeks millions in loans

BYLINE: By Mick Zawislak mzawislak@dailyherald.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 550 words


Federal loans and guarantees are needed to right the ship and help the new Lake
County fairgrounds reach its potential, officials say.

"This loan is really the primary step in the fair?s rehabilitation and
advancement into a modern fair and exhibition center," said Rudy Magna, attorney
for the Lake County Fair Association.

The application pending before the U.S. Department of Agriculture would, in a
sense, clean the slate for the group, but maximizing the use of the facilities
at Peterson and Midlothian Road will become the top priority to pay the debt.

"There's going to need to be more and better at the fair than there has been in
the past," Magna explained Monday during a required public hearing for the USDA
community facilities loan program.

The fair group is seeking up to $7.5 million to repay debts owed to contractors,
pay off and convert a short-term construction loan, and complete an exhibition
center.

While there is substantial value in the land and facilities at Peterson and
Midlothian roads, the fair is strapped for cash. Magna said a recent appraisal
valued the facilities at $23.5 million, down from a pre-recession $31 million.

"You can't pay bills with dirt," he said before the hearing.

The association had a tentative deal to sell some of the property for $3
million, which would have taken care of most of the obligations, but the buyer
backed out because of the economy, Magna said.

The property now is regarded as significant

collateral for what would be the first USDA community facilities loan in Lake
County. Those loans are made to communities or nonprofit groups in rural areas
and towns up to 20,000 in population.

Mounting debt has become an issue for the association, which in 2009 moved from
its longtime home at routes 45 and 120 in Grayslake about four miles south to
the new site in the village.

Magna acknowledged there has been "some pain, some disappointment," since.

"The move was a good move. Cash flow-wise, it just didn't turn out as originally
anticipated," he said.

Frustration came to a head Nov. 16, when the fair board was assailed for what
association member Greg Koeppen described as a financial disaster.

Board President David DeYoung resigned a few days later and was replaced last
week by fair board member Mike Richards.

The fair association owes $2.3 million in principal and interest on a
construction loan, which is due, and about $4 million to contractors, Magna
said. Another $1 million will be needed to complete a 15,000-square-foot events
center and other work.

The exact amount to be borrowed is being finalized. About a third would be a
direct loan from the USDA. The rest would be borrowed from Ridgestone Bank in
Schaumburg, with the USDA guaranteeing 90 percent.

"The taxpayers of the United States are not being put at risk," Magna said. "The
value is here."

The fair association would have two loans with one payment and a 40-year term.
Cash flow would be monitored monthly, rather than quarterly, and the loan would
include a reserve so the fair would not immediately be under the gun.

The USDA loan has a current interest rate of 3.75 percent. The rest of the
amount borrowed would be at market rate.

"For most organizations, our loans are really the best rate you can get," said
Joan Mussina, public information coordinator for the USDA.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              500 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 13, 2015 Thursday

Illinois: Ground Broken for First BUILT in Cook Economic Development Project

LENGTH: 309  words

DATELINE: Springfield


Cook County has issued the following news release:

Cook County Board President Toni Preckwinkle joined a number of local and
federal officials Wednesday in breaking ground for infrastructure improvements
that are key to revitalization of the Cullerton Avenue Industrial Area in
Franklin Park.

The groundbreaking celebrates the start of the first project funded in Cook
County under the BUILT in Cook loan fund. BUILT (Broadening Urban Investment to
Leverage Transportation) is a HUD Section 108 Loan Guarantee program that allows
the County to borrow money from private investors at reduced interest rates to
promote economic development, stimulate job growth and improve public
facilities.

"The Cullerton Avenue Industrial Area is home to 10 companies and employs more
than 1,300 people," President Preckwinkle said. "This loan of up to $4 million
will be used to fund public improvements including street reconstruction, sewer
and drainage work, and we anticipate 133 new jobs will be created. The project
is an example of what can be done to promote economic development and job growth
in our industrial communities."

"The Cullerton Avenue Industrial Area project is made possible by government at
various levels and businesses working together to address infrastructure needs,
where all are partners in project financing to keep and expand jobs in the
Village, Cook County and the region," said  Franklin Park Mayor Barrett
Pedersen.

"HUD's Section 108 Loan Guarantee Program is a powerful public investment tool
to drive economic development in underserved areas," said Antonio R. Riley, HUD
Midwest Regional Administrator. "It will be a boost to the Franklin Park
community and will provide employment opportunities for area residents."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
